<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1772695_0001772695-24-000092.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>20234196</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>1703228</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2605990</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9187140</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3231618</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2919193</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001772695-24-000092.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031061708
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001772695-24-000092
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sunnova Energy International Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001772695
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38995
		FILM NUMBER:		241412260

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 EAST GREENWAY PLAZA, SUITE 540
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77046
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(281) 985-9900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 EAST GREENWAY PLAZA, SUITE 540
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77046

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001772695-24-000092.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 nova-20240930.htm
 10-Q

nova-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 FORM 
 _________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _________ to _________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 _________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________________________________________________________________________ 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 
 (Address, including zip code, of principal executive offices) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 _______________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 
 The registrant had shares of common stock outstanding as of October 28, 2024. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Equity 
 8 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 43 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 68 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 68 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 69 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 69 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 78 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 78 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 78 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 78 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 80 
 Signatures 
 81 

2 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms "Sunnova," "the Company," "we," "us" and "our" refer to Sunnova Energy International Inc. ("SEI") and its consolidated subsidiaries. Forward-looking statements generally relate to future events or Sunnova's future financial or operating performance. Actual outcomes and results may differ materially from what is expressed or forecast in such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify these statements because they contain words such as "anticipate," "believe," "contemplate," "continue," "could," "estimate," "expect," "future," "goal," "intend," "likely," "may," "plan," "potential," "predict," "project," "seek," "should," "target," "will" or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions that concern our expectations, strategy, plans or intentions. Forward-looking statements contained in this report include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 
 federal, state and local statutes, regulations and policies; 
 determinations of the Internal Revenue Service ("IRS") of the fair market value of our solar energy systems; 
 the price of centralized utility-generated electricity and electricity from other sources and technologies; 
 technical and capacity limitations imposed by operators of the power grid; 
 the availability of tax rebates, credits and incentives, including changes to the rates of, or expiration of, federal tax credits and the availability of related safe harbors; 
 our need and ability to raise capital to finance the installation and acquisition of distributed solar energy systems, refinance existing debt or otherwise meet our liquidity needs; 
 our expectations concerning relationships with third parties, including the attraction, retention, performance and continued existence of our dealers; 
 our ability to manage our supply chains and distribution channels and the impact of natural disasters and other events beyond our control; 
 our ability to retain or upgrade current customers, further penetrate existing markets or expand into new markets; 
 our investment in our platform and new product offerings and the demand for and expected benefits of our platform and product offerings; 
 the ability of our solar energy systems, energy storage systems or other product offerings to operate or deliver energy for any reason, including if interconnection or transmission facilities on which we rely become unavailable; 
 our ability to maintain our brand and protect our intellectual property and customer data; 
 our ability to manage the cost of solar energy systems, energy storage systems and our service offerings; 
 the willingness of and ability of our dealers and suppliers to fulfill their respective warranty and other contractual obligations; 
 our expectations regarding litigation and administrative proceedings; and 
 our ability to renew or replace expiring, canceled or terminated customer agreements at favorable rates or on a long-term basis. 
 
 Our actual results and timing of these events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including but not limited to those discussed under " Risk Factors " and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update publicly any forward-looking statements for any reason after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

SUNNOVA ENERGY INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share amounts and share par values) 
 
 Notes As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable trade, net 2 Accounts receivable other 2, 6 Other current assets, net of allowance of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 2, 4, 6 Total current assets Property and equipment, net 2, 3 Customer notes receivable, net of allowance of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 2, 4, 6 Intangible assets, net Other assets 2, 4, 6, 8, 14 Total assets (1) Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Equity 
 Current liabilities: Accounts payable 2 Accrued expenses 2 Current portion of long-term debt 3 Other current liabilities 2, 4, 14 Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net 7 Other long-term liabilities 2, 5, 14 Total liabilities (1) Commitments and contingencies 14 Stockholders' equity: 
 Common stock, and shares issued as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, at par value 
 11, 12 Additional paid-in capital common stock 2, 11, 12 Accumulated deficit 
 ) ) Total stockholders' equity 
 Noncontrolling interests 2, 10 Total equity 
 Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interests and equity 
 
 (1) and , respectively, of assets of variable interest entities ("VIEs") that can only be used to settle obligations of the VIEs. These assets include cash of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; accounts receivable trade, net of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; accounts receivable other of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; other current assets of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; property and equipment, net of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; and other assets of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The consolidated liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 include and , respectively, of liabilities of VIEs whose creditors have no recourse to Sunnova Energy International Inc. These liabilities include accounts payable of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; accrued expenses of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; other current liabilities of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; and other long-term liabilities of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 SUNNOVA ENERGY INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Notes 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: 
 Customer agreements and incentives 
 2 Solar energy system and product sales 
 2 Total revenue 
 Operating expense: Cost of revenue customer agreements and incentives 
 2, 3 Cost of revenue solar energy system and product sales 
 2 Operations and maintenance 2 General and administrative 2, 14 Provision for current expected credit losses and other bad debt expense 2, 6 Other operating (income) expense 
 2, 6 ) ) ) Total operating expense, net Operating loss 
 ) ) ) ) Interest expense, net 7, 8 Interest income 2, 6 ) ) ) ) Other expense 
 Loss before income tax 
 ) ) ) ) Income tax benefit 
 2, 9 ) ) ) ) Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 10 ) ) ) Net loss attributable to stockholders 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to stockholders basic and diluted 
 13 Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 13 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 SUNNOVA ENERGY INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Notes 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net loss 
 ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 
 Depreciation 3 Impairment and loss on disposals, net 
 Amortization of intangible assets 2 Amortization of deferred financing costs 7 Amortization of debt discount 7 Non-cash effect of equity-based compensation plans 2, 12 Non-cash direct sales revenue 2 ) ) Provision for current expected credit losses and other bad debt expense 
 2, 6 Unrealized (gain) loss on derivatives 
 8 ) Unrealized (gain) loss on fair value instruments and equity securities 
 2 ) Loss on sales of customer notes receivable 
 6 Other non-cash items ) Changes in components of operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 2, 6 Other current assets 2, 4, 6 ) ) Other assets 2, 4, 6, 8, 14 ) ) Accounts payable 2 ) Accrued expenses 2 ) ) Other current liabilities 2, 4, 14 ) Other long-term liabilities 2, 5, 14 ) ) Net cash used in operating activities 
 ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of property and equipment 2, 3 ) ) Payments for investments and customer notes receivable 2, 4, 6 ) ) Proceeds from customer notes receivable 2, 4, 6 Proceeds from sales of customer notes receivable 
 6 Proceeds from investments in solar receivables 2, 4 Other, net Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Proceeds from long-term debt 7 Payments of long-term debt 7 ) ) Payments on notes payable 7 ) ) Payments of deferred financing costs 7 ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net 11 ) Contributions from redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 2, 10 Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 2, 10 ) ) Payments of costs related to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 2, 10 ) ) Proceeds from sales of investment tax credits for redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 2 Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Restricted cash included in other current assets 4 ) ) Restricted cash included in other assets 4 ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Non-cash investing and financing activities: Change in accounts payable and accrued expenses related to purchases of property and equipment Non-cash settlement of receivables and payables with primarily dealers Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 SUNNOVA ENERGY INTERNATIONAL INC. 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF REDEEMABLE NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS AND EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital - Common Stock Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount December 31, 2022 ) Net loss ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net ) ) ) Contributions from redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Costs related to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Equity in subsidiaries attributable to parent ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Other, net ) ) ) March 31, 2023 ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net Contributions from redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Costs related to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Equity in subsidiaries attributable to parent ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Other, net ) ) ) June 30, 2023 ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net Contributions from redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Costs related to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Equity in subsidiaries attributable to parent ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Other, net ) ) ) September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital - Common Stock Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount December 31, 2023 ) Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net ) ) ) Contributions from redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) Costs related to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) Distributions payable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) Investment tax credit sales related to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 Equity in subsidiaries attributable to parent ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Other, net March 31, 2024 ) Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net Contributions from redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) Costs related to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) Distributions payable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) Investment tax credit sales related to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 Equity in subsidiaries attributable to parent ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Other, net ) ) ) June 30, 2024 ) 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital - Common Stock Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Equity Shares Amount Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) ) Issuance of common stock, net ) ) ) Contributions from redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) Costs related to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 ) Distributions payable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 Investment tax credit sales related to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 Equity in subsidiaries attributable to parent ) ) Equity-based compensation expense Other, net ) ) September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Index to the Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Page 
 Note 1 - Description of Business and Basis of Presentation 11 
 Note 2 - Significant Accounting Policies 13 
 Note 3 - Property and Equipment 24 
 Note 4 - Detail of Certain Balance Sheet Captions 24 
 Note 5 - Asset Retirement Obligations ("ARO") 25 
 Note 6 - Customer Notes Receivable 26 
 Note 7 - Long-Term Debt 28 
 Note 8 - Derivative Instruments 35 
 Note 9 - Income Taxes 36 
 Note 10 - Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Noncontrolling Interests 36 
 Note 11 - Stockholders' Equity 37 
 Note 12 - Equity-Based Compensation 37 
 Note 13 - Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Share 38 
 Note 14 - Commitments and Contingencies 39 
 Note 15 - Subsequent Events 42 

(1) 
 
 customers in more than United States ("U.S.") states and territories. Sunnova Energy Corporation was incorporated in Delaware on October 22, 2012 and formed Sunnova Energy International Inc. ("SEI") as a Delaware corporation on April 1, 2019. We completed our initial public offering on July 29, 2019 (our "IPO"); and in connection with our IPO, all of Sunnova Energy Corporation's ownership interests were contributed to SEI. Unless the context otherwise requires, references in this report to "Sunnova," the "Company," "we," "our," "us," or like terms, refer to SEI and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 We partner with local dealers and contractors who originate, design and install our customers' solar energy systems, energy storage systems and related products and services on our behalf, as well as other sustainable home solutions, such as smart home devices, modern heating, ventilation and air conditioning, generators, upgraded roofing, water systems, water heaters, main panel upgrades and electric vehicle chargers. Our focus on our dealer and contractor model enables us to leverage our dealers' and contractors' specialized knowledge, connections and experience in local markets to drive customer origination while providing our dealers and contractors with access to high quality products at competitive prices, as well as technical oversight and expertise. We believe this structure provides operational flexibility, reduces exposure to labor shortages and lowers fixed costs relative to true vertically integrated models. 
 
 We offer customers products to power and improve the energy efficiency and sustainability of their homes and businesses with affordable solar energy and related products and services. We are able to offer energy generation savings compared to utility-based retail rates with little to no up-front expense to the customer in conjunction with solar and solar plus energy storage products, and are able to also provide energy resiliency. Our customer agreements typically take the form of a legal-form lease (a "lease") of a solar energy system and/or energy storage system to the customer, the sale of the solar energy system's output to the customer under a power purchase agreement ("PPA") or the purchase of a solar energy system, energy storage system and/or accessory either with financing provided by us (a "loan") or paid in full by the customer (a "sale"). We also offer service plans and repair services for systems we did not originate. Complementary to our business, in some states we make it possible for a customer to obtain a new roof and/or other ancillary products. We also allow customers originated through our homebuilder channel the option of purchasing the system when the customer closes on the purchase of a new home. The initial term of our customer agreements is typically between and years, during which time we provide or arrange for ongoing services to customers, including monitoring, maintenance and warranty services. Our lease and PPA agreements typically include an opportunity for customers to renew for up to an additional years, via or renewal options. Our ancillary products include both cash sales and loans with an initial term between and years. Customer payments and rates can be fixed for the duration of the customer agreement or escalated at a pre-determined 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Revisions 
 
 We have revised our previously issued interim and annual financial statements to correct immaterial errors related to the presentation of revenue and cost of revenue to comply with the requirements of Rule 5-03, Statements of comprehensive income , of Regulation S-X, which requires product, service and other revenues, as well as the associated cost of revenue, to be stated separately in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. Our previously issued interim and annual financial statements did not present such amounts separately in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. We have evaluated the historical presentation in our previously issued interim and annual financial statements and concluded this change in presentation is not material. Impacted periods not presented herein will be revised in future filings. 
 
 Solar energy system and product sales Total revenue 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Cost of revenue inventory sales Cost of revenue other 
 
 The following table presents the revised presentation of cost of revenue in the Consolidated Statements of Operations: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Cost of revenue customer agreements and incentives Cost of revenue solar energy system and product sales 

(2) 

Provision for current expected credit losses Write off of uncollectible accounts ) ) ) ) Recoveries Other, net ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Provision for current expected credit losses 
 Write off of uncollectible accounts ) ) ) ) Other, net Balance at end of period 

At least quarterly, we perform a physical count of the majority of our inventory. We reconcile these counts to our records and expense any unreconciled amounts to operations and maintenance expense. 
 
 Homebuilder construction in progress Modules and inverters Meters and modems Total 

14 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Derivative assets Total Financial liabilities: Contingent consideration Derivative liabilities Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 Total Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 (in thousands) Financial assets: Investments in solar receivables Derivative assets Total Financial liabilities: Contingent consideration Total 

15 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Additions Settlements ) ) Gain recognized in earnings 
 Balance at end of period 

Settlements ) ) Gain recognized in earnings 
 ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 The following table summarizes the significant unobservable inputs used in the valuation of our liabilities as of September 30, 2024 using Level 3 inputs: 
 
 Unobservable Input Weighted Average Liabilities: Contingent consideration - installation earnout Volatility Revenue risk premium Risk-free discount rate Contingent consideration - microgrid earnout Probability of success Risk-free discount rate 
 
 Significant increases or decreases in the volatility, revenue risk premium, probability of success or risk-free discount rate in isolation could result in a significantly higher or lower fair value measurement. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Lease revenue Solar renewable energy certificate revenue 
 Loan revenue 
 Service revenue Other revenue 
 Customer agreements and incentives 
 Inventory sales revenue 
 Cash sales revenue 
 Direct sales revenue 
 Solar energy system and product sales 
 Total 
 
 billion as of September 30, 2024, of which we expect to recognize approximately over the next months. Given the contracts in place at September 30, 2024, , given the average age of the fleet of solar energy systems under contract is less than . 
 
 Certain customers may receive cash incentives. We defer recognition of the payment of these cash incentives and recognize them over the life of the contract as a reduction to revenue. The deferred payment is recorded in other assets for customers who receive the cash incentives under our lease and PPA agreements, and as a contra-liability in other long-term liabilities for customers who receive the cash incentives under our loan agreements. 
 
 PPA Revenue. Customers purchase electricity from us under PPAs. Pursuant to ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , we recognize revenue based upon the amount of electricity delivered as determined by remote monitoring equipment at solar rates specified under the PPAs. All customers must pass our credit evaluation process. The PPAs generally have a term of or years with an opportunity for customers to renew for up to an additional years, via or renewal options. 
 
 Lease Revenue . We are the lessor under lease agreements for solar energy systems and energy storage systems, which do not meet the definition of a lease under ASC 842, Leases . Accordingly, we account for these agreements as contracts with customers under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers . We recognize revenue on a straight-line basis over the contract term as we satisfy our obligation to provide continuous access to the solar energy system. All customers must pass our credit evaluation process. The lease agreements generally have a term of or years with an opportunity for customers to renew for up to an additional years, via or renewal options. 
 
 In most cases, we provide customers under our lease agreements a performance guarantee that each solar energy system will achieve a certain specified minimum solar energy production output, which is a significant proportion of its expected 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 kWh) generated by a solar energy system. SRECs can be sold separate from the actual electricity generated by the renewable-based generation source. We account for the SRECs we generate from our solar energy systems as governmental incentives with no costs incurred to obtain them and do not consider those SRECs output of the underlying solar energy systems. We classify these SRECs as inventory held until sold and delivered to third parties. As we did not incur costs to obtain these governmental incentives, the inventory carrying value for the SRECs was as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. We enter into economic hedges related to expected production of SRECs through forward contracts. While these fixed price forward contracts serve as an economic hedge against spot price fluctuations for the SRECs, the contracts do not qualify for hedge accounting and are not designated as cash flow hedges or fair value hedges. The contracts require us to physically deliver the SRECs upon settlement. We recognize the related revenue under ASC 606 upon satisfaction of the performance obligation to transfer the SRECs to the stated counterparty. Upon a sale, the purchaser of the SREC typically pays within of receiving the SREC. The costs related to the sales of SRECs are generally limited to broker fees (recorded in cost of revenue customer agreements and incentives), which are only paid in connection with certain transactions. In certain circumstances we are required to purchase SRECs on the open market to fulfill minimum delivery requirements under our forward contracts. 
 
 Loan Revenue. See discussion of loan revenue in the " Loans " section below. 
 
 Service Revenue. Service revenue includes sales of service plans and repair services. Service plans are available to customers whose solar energy system was not originally sold by Sunnova. We recognize revenue from service plan contracts on a straight-line basis over the life of the contract, which is typically years. We recognize revenue from repair services in the period in which we perform the service. 
 
 Other Revenue. Other revenue includes certain state and utility incentives. We recognize revenue from state and utility incentives in the periods in which they are earned. 
 
 Inventory Sales Revenue . Inventory sales revenue represents revenue from the direct sale of inventory to our dealers or other parties. We recognize the related revenue under ASC 606 upon shipment or upon sale when a bill and hold agreement is in place. We include shipping and handling costs in cost of revenue solar energy system and product sales in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Cash Sales Revenue. Cash sales revenue represents revenue from a customer's purchase of a solar energy system from us typically when purchasing a new home. We recognize the related revenue under ASC 606 upon verification of the home closing. 
 
 Direct Sales Revenue. Direct sales revenue includes revenue from the direct sale of solar energy systems and energy storage systems to customers when we provide the financing. We recognize revenue from the direct sale of solar energy systems and energy storage systems in the period we place the systems in service. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 , or years. We recognize cash payments received from customers on a monthly basis under our loan program (a) as interest income, to the extent attributable to earned interest on the contract that financed the customer's purchase; (b) as a reduction of a note receivable on the balance sheet, to the extent attributable to a return of principal (whether scheduled or prepaid) on the contract that financed the customer's purchase; and (c) as revenue, to the extent attributable to payments for operations and maintenance services provided by us. To qualify for the loan program, a customer must pass our credit evaluation process, which requires the customer to have a minimum FICO score of to depending on certain circumstances, and we secure the loans with the solar energy systems, energy storage systems or accessories financed. We evaluate the customer's credit once for each customer at the time the customer enters into the customer agreement. 
 
 Our investments in solar energy systems, energy storage systems and/or accessories related to the loan program that are not yet placed in service are recorded in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets and are transferred to customer notes receivable upon being placed in service. Customer notes receivable are recorded at amortized cost, net of an allowance for credit losses (as described below), in other current assets and customer notes receivable, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Accrued interest receivable related to our customer notes receivable is recorded in accounts receivable trade, net in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Interest income from customer notes receivable is recorded in interest income in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The amortized cost of our customer notes receivable is equal to the principal balance of customer notes receivable outstanding and does not include accrued interest receivable. Customer notes receivable continue to accrue interest until they are written off against the allowance unless the balance is in the process of collection. Customer notes receivable are considered past due one day after the due date based on the contractual terms of the loan agreement. In all cases, customer notes receivable balances are placed on a nonaccrual status or written off at an earlier date when we determine them to be uncollectible. Expected recoveries do not exceed the aggregate of amounts previously written off and expected to be written off. Accrued interest receivable for customer notes receivable placed on a nonaccrual status is recorded as a reduction to interest income. Interest received on such customer notes receivable is accounted for on a cash basis until the customer notes receivable qualifies for the return to accrual status. Customer notes receivable are returned to accrual status when there is no longer any principal or interest amounts past due and future payments are reasonably assured. 
 
 The allowance for credit losses is deducted from the customer notes receivable amortized cost to present the net amount expected to be collected. It is measured on a collective (pool) basis when similar risk characteristics (such as financial asset type, customer credit rating, contractual term and vintage) exist. In determining the allowance for credit losses, we identify customers with potential disputes or collection issues and consider our historical level of credit losses and current economic trends that might impact the level of future credit losses. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics, such as differences in underwriting standards. Expected credit losses are estimated over the contractual term of the loan agreements based on the best available data at the time and adjusted for expected prepayments when appropriate. The contractual term excludes expected extensions, renewals and modifications unless either of the following applies: (a) we have a reasonable expectation at the reporting date that a troubled debt restructuring will be executed with an individual customer or (b) the extension or renewal options are included in the original or modified contract at the reporting date and are not unconditionally cancelable by us. Expected credit losses are recorded in provision for current expected credit losses and other bad debt expense in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Note 6, Customer Notes Receivable. 
 
 Deferred Revenue 

19 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 PPAs and leases Solar receivables SRECs Other Total (1) 
 
 (1) Of this amount, million and million is recorded in other current liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized revenue of million and million, respectively, from amounts recorded in deferred revenue at the beginning of the respective years. 
 
 Contract Assets and Contract Liabilities 
 
 Billing practices are governed by the contract terms of each project based upon costs incurred, production or predetermined schedules. Billings do not necessarily correlate with revenue recognized using the percentage-of-completion method to reflect the transfer of control over time. Contract assets include unbilled amounts typically resulting from revenue under contracts when the percentage-of-completion method of revenue recognition is utilized and revenue recognized exceeds the amount billed to the customer. Contract liabilities consist of advance payments and billings in excess of revenue recognized. Retainage, included in contract assets, represents the amounts withheld from billings by our customers pursuant to provisions in the contracts and may not be paid to us until the completion of specific tasks or the completion of the project and, in some instances, for even longer periods. Retainage may also be subject to restrictive conditions such as performance guarantees. Our contract assets and liabilities are reported in a net position on a contract-by-contract basis at the end of each reporting period. The payment terms of our contracts from time to time require the customer to make advance payments as well as interim payments as work progresses. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, contract assets were and , respectively, and contract liabilities were million and million, respectively. The decrease in contract assets was primarily due to revenue recognized on certain contracts and the timing of billings. The increase in contract liabilities was primarily due to the timing of advance payments partially offset by revenue recognized during the period. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized revenue of and , respectively, from amounts recorded in contract liabilities at the beginning of the respective years. 

20 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Customer relationships - servicing Customer relationships - new customers Trade name Tax equity commitment Software license Trademark Other - 
 Intangible assets, gross Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Intangible assets, net 
 
 Warranty Obligations 
 
 In connection with our customer agreements, we warrant the solar energy systems against defects in workmanship, against component or materials breakdowns and against any damages to rooftops during the installation process. The dealers' warranties on the workmanship, including work during the installation process, and the manufacturers' warranties over component parts have a range of warranty periods which are generally to years. 
 
 Accruals Settlements ) ) Balance at end of period 

. See Note 12, Equity-Based Compensation. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and million, respectively, which represents our best estimate of the future cost of claims incurred as of that date. We believe we have adequate reserves for these claims as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Sales of Investment Tax Credits ("ITCs") 
 
 We enter into tax credit purchase and sale agreements with third-party purchasers to sell to such third-party purchasers, for cash, the Section 48(a) ITCs generated by certain solar energy systems that have or will be placed in service, subject to certain conditions set forth therein. We account for ITCs using the flow-through method, which states the tax benefit is to be recognized when the ITC is realizable. For interim periods, we account for income tax under ASC 740-270 which prescribes the use of an estimated annual effective tax rate to be applied to year-to-date ordinary income or loss before tax to compute the year-to-date income tax provision. In calculating the estimated annual effective tax rate, we include the forecasted tax benefit from the sale of ITCs for the year. For tax credit purchase and sale agreements entered into by certain of our consolidated tax equity partnerships, we record our share of the sale as income tax benefit in the Consolidated Statements of Operations and the tax equity investor's share as an increase to redeemable noncontrolling interests or noncontrolling interests in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. We record an accrued distribution to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests for their share of the ITC sales (at the time the ITC sale is recognized) when such accrual is stipulated in the operating agreement of the tax equity partnership. 
 
 Accounts payable 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 ITC sales unrelated to tax equity partnerships 
 Effect of ITC sales on estimated annual effective tax rate 
 ) Total 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Financial Statement Classification Financial Statement Classification ITC 
 Sales 
 Redeemable 
 Noncontrolling 
 Interests and 
 Noncontrolling 
 Interests 
 Income 
 Tax 
 Benefit 
 ITC Sales Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Noncontrolling Interests Income Tax Benefit (in thousands) 
 ITC sales related to tax equity partnerships 
 ITC sales unrelated to tax equity partnerships 
 Effect of ITC sales on estimated annual effective tax rate 
 Total 

23 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (3) 
 
 Construction in progress Asset retirement obligations Software and business technology systems 
 Computers and equipment - 
 Leasehold improvements - 
 Furniture and fixtures Vehicles - 
 Other - 
 Property and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 The amounts included in the above table for solar energy systems and energy storage systems and substantially all the construction in progress relate to our customer contracts (including PPAs and leases). These assets had accumulated depreciation of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

(4) 
 
 Current portion of customer notes receivable Restricted cash Prepaid assets Deferred receivables Current portion of investments in solar receivables Current portion of other notes receivable Current portion of contract assets 
 Other Total 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Restricted cash Exclusivity and other bonus arrangements with dealers, net Customer acquisition and other related costs 
 Investments in solar receivables Straight-line revenue adjustment, net Deferred tax asset 
 Prepaid assets 
 Other Total 
 
 Deferred revenue Payroll and employee benefit liability 
 Current portion of operating and finance lease liability Current portion of contract liability 
 Current portion of customer deposits 
 Grid services liability 
 Current portion of performance guarantee obligations Other Total 

(5) 
 
 years, which is the estimated average time a solar energy system will be installed in a location before being removed, and the related liabilities are accreted to the full value over the same period of time. We revise our estimated future liabilities based on recent actual experiences, including third party cost estimates, average size of solar energy systems and inflation rates, which we evaluate at least annually. Changes in our estimated future liabilities are recorded as either a reduction or addition in the carrying amount of the remaining unamortized asset and the ARO and either decrease or increase our depreciation and accretion expense amounts prospectively. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Additional obligations incurred Accretion expense Other ) ) Balance at end of period 

(6) 
 
 , or years. 
 
 Allowance for credit losses ) ) Customer notes receivable, net Estimated fair value, net 
 
 Provision for current expected credit losses (1) 
 Other, net ) Balance at end of period 
 
 (1) For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the provision for current expected credit losses related to customer notes receivable was and , respectively, of total operating expense. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the provision for current expected credit losses related to customer notes receivable was and , respectively, of total operating expense. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Accrued interest receivable related to customer notes receivable Customer notes receivable not accruing interest Allowance recorded for loans on nonaccrual status 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Interest income related to customer notes receivable Interest income recognized for loans on nonaccrual status Accrued interest receivable written off by reversing interest income 
 
 In May 2024, we ceased originating home security and monitoring loans with Brinks Home. In connection therewith, we sold approximately home security and monitoring loans to Brinks Home. In the second and third quarter of 2024, we sold additional accessory loans to a third party. While we still have an obligation to service the accessory loans sold in the second and third quarter of 2024, no such obligation exists for the home security and monitoring loans sold in May 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold approximately accessory loans with a net customer notes receivable balance of million for million and recognized a loss of million, which is recorded in other operating (income) expense in the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. As of September 30, 2024, million is recorded in accounts receivable other and million is recorded in other assets for sales proceeds not yet received. 
 
 We consider the performance of our customer notes receivable portfolio and its impact on our allowance for credit losses. We also evaluate the credit quality based on the aging status and payment activity. 
 
 91-180 days past due Greater than 180 days past due Total past due (1) 
 Not past due Total 
 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the total amount past due as a percent of gross customer notes receivable was and , respectively. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million and million, respectively. 
 
 Nonperforming (1) Total 
 
 (1) A nonperforming loan is a loan in which the customer is in default and has not made any scheduled principal or interest payments for 181 days or more. 

(7) 

convertible senior notes 
 convertible senior notes 
 Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) Sunnova Energy Corporation Notes payable 
 senior notes 
 senior notes 
 Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) EZOP Revolving credit facility Debt discount, net ) ) HELII Solar asset-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) RAYSI Solar asset-backed notes 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) HELIII Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) TEPH Revolving credit facility Debt discount, net ) ) SOLI Solar asset-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) HELIV Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) AP8 Credit facility 
 Deferred financing costs, net ) SOLII Solar asset-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) HELV Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) SOLIII Solar asset-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) HELVI Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) HELVII Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) HELVIII Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) SOLIV Solar asset-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) HELIX Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) HELX Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS ) IS Revolving credit facility SOLV Solar asset-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) HELXI Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) HELXII Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) AP9 Revolving credit facility 
 Debt discount, net ) ) HESI 
 Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) BMB 
 Revolving credit facility 
 SOLVI Solar asset-backed notes Debt discount, net ) Deferred financing costs, net ) HELXIII Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) Deferred financing costs, net ) HESII 
 Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) Deferred financing costs, net ) HELXIV 
 Solar loan-backed notes Debt discount, net ) Deferred financing costs, net ) SOLVII 
 Solar asset-backed notes Debt discount, net ) Deferred financing costs, net ) Total 
 
 Availability. As of September 30, 2024, we had billion of available borrowing capacity, subject to certain conditions, under our various financing arrangements, consisting of million under the EZOP revolving credit facility, million under the TEPH revolving credit facility, million under the IS revolving credit facility, million under the AP9 revolving credit facility and million under the BMB revolving credit facility. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all debt covenants under our financing arrangements. 
 
 Weighted Average Effective Interest Rates. The weighted average effective interest rates disclosed in the table above are the weighted average stated interest rates for each debt instrument plus the effect on interest expense for other items classified 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million of insurance premiums at an annual interest rate of over . 
 
 EZOP Debt . In February 2024, we amended the EZOP revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) reflect certain assignments of commitments occurring within the Atlas Lender Group (as defined by such revolving credit facility) without increasing the existing commitments, and the assignment of the role of the Atlas funding agent for the Atlas Lender Group, (b) amend the thresholds for certain "Amortization Events" (as defined by such revolving credit facility) and (c) modify the "Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance" (as defined by such revolving credit facility). In March 2024, we amended the EZOP revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) amend the Advance Rate, Excess Concentration Amount (in each case, as defined by such revolving credit facility) and certain related definitions and (b) amend the eligibility criteria for the Solar Loans (as defined by such revolving credit facility). In June 2024, we amended the EZOP revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) reflect the exit of the RBC Committed Lender, RBC Conduit Lender and RBC Funding Agent (each as defined by such revolving credit facility) from the facility and (b) reflect the joinder of Royal Bank of Canada as a Committed Lender and Funding Agent (each as defined by such revolving credit facility) and the establishment of a new Royal Bank of Canada Lender Group (as defined by such revolving credit facility). We currently do not have the resources to repay this facility when it becomes due in November 2025, though we believe we will be able to satisfy this obligation through an amendment and an extension of the maturity date of the facility or through a refinancing of the facility as is customary for these types of revolving credit facilities. Although we believe it is probable we will amend and extend or refinance this facility, there can be no assurance about our ability to do so on terms favorable to us or at all. 
 
 TEPH Debt . In February 2024, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, reflect an assignment of commitments occurring within the Atlas Lender Group (as defined by such revolving credit facility) without increasing the existing commitments and the appointment of a new Atlas funding agent for the Atlas Lender Group. In April 2024, additional lenders joined the TEPH revolving credit facility and the aggregate commitment amount was increased from billion to billion. In August 2024, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, modify certain eligibility criteria to allow for energy community, domestic content and low-income community tax credit bonuses. 
 
 AP8 Debt . In June 2024, we amended the AP8 credit facility to, among other things, extend the maturity date from September 2024 to October 2025. As a result of this amendment, (a) no further borrowings are permitted under the AP8 credit facility and (b) no distributions of cash are permitted without the consent of the agent thereunder. We currently do not have the resources to repay this facility when it becomes due in October 2025, though we believe we will be able to satisfy this obligation through a refinancing of the facility by means of a new facility or securitization. Although we believe it is probable we will refinance this facility, there can be no assurance about our ability to do so on terms favorable to us or at all. 
 
 IS Debt . In April 2024, we amended the IS revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) change the date on which payments are made to borrower from the collections account from monthly to weekly and (b) increase the applicable margin by which results in a revised margin of (i) for term SOFR loans and (ii) for base rate loans. 
 
 SOLVI Debt . In February 2024, we pooled and transferred eligible solar energy systems and the related asset receivables into wholly-owned subsidiaries of SOLVI, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-1 Class A solar asset-backed notes, million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-1 Class B solar asset-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-1 Class C solar asset-backed notes (collectively, the "SOLVI Notes") with a maturity date of January 2059. The SOLVI Notes were issued at a discount of , and for the Class A, Class B and Class C notes, respectively, and bear interest at an annual rate equal to , and for the Class A, Class B and Class C notes, respectively. The cash flows generated by the solar energy systems and the related asset receivables of SOLVI's subsidiaries are used to service the quarterly principal and interest payments on the SOLVI Notes and satisfy SOLVI's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova SOL VI Depositor, LLC, SOLVI's sole member. In connection with the SOLVI Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing the solar energy systems and servicing the related asset receivables pursuant to a transaction management agreement and management and servicing agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage the solar energy systems and service the related asset receivables pursuant to a transaction management agreement and management and servicing agreements, (b) the managing members' obligations, in such capacity, under the related financing fund's limited liability company agreement and (c) certain of our subsidiaries' obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar energy systems eventually sold to SOLVI pursuant to the sale and contribution agreement. SOLVI is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the holders of the SOLVI Notes, each of which must remain funded at all times to the levels specified in the SOLVI Notes. The indenture requires SOLVI to track the 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-A Class A loan-backed notes, million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-A Class B loan-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-A Class C loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELXIII Notes") with a maturity date of February 2051. The HELXIII Notes were issued at a discount of , and for the Class A, Class B and Class C notes, respectively, and bear interest at an annual rate of , and for the Class A, Class B and Class C notes, respectively. The cash flows generated by these solar loans and home improvement loans are used to service the monthly principal and interest payments on the HELXIII Notes and satisfy HELXIII's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova Helios XIII Depositor, LLC, HELXIII's sole member. In connection with the HELXIII Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing the solar energy systems and servicing the loans pursuant to management and servicing agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed, among other things, (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage the solar energy systems and service the loans pursuant to management and servicing agreements and (b) certain of our subsidiaries' obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible loans eventually sold to HELXIII pursuant to the related sale and contribution agreement. HELXIII is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the holders of the HELXIII Notes, each of which must be funded at all times to the levels specified in the HELXIII Notes. The holders of the HELXIII Notes have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the HELXIII Notes. 
 
 HESII Debt . In June 2024, we pooled and transferred eligible solar loans and home improvement loans and the related receivables into HESII, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-GRID1 Class A solar loan-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-GRID1 Class B solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HESII Notes") with a maturity date of July 2051. The HESII Notes indirectly benefit from a partial guarantee provided by the U.S. Department of Energy ("DOE") Loan Programs Office. The HESII Notes are not directly guaranteed by the DOE. The HESII Notes were issued at a discount of and for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively, and bear interest at an annual rate of and for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively. 
 
 HELXIV Debt. In June 2024, we pooled and transferred eligible solar loans and the related receivables into HELXIV, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-B Class A solar loan-backed notes, million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-B Class B solar loan-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-B Class C solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELXIV Notes") with a maturity date of May 2051. The HELXIV Notes were issued at a discount of , and for the Class A, Class B and Class C notes, respectively, and bear interest at an annual rate of , and for the Class A, Class B and Class C notes, respectively. The cash flows generated by these solar loans are used to service the monthly principal and interest payments on the HELXIV Notes and satisfy HELXIV's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova Helios XIV Depositor, LLC, HELXIV's sole member. In connection with the HELXIV Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems pursuant to management and service agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed, among other things, (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage and service the solar energy systems pursuant to management and servicing agreements and (b) certain of our subsidiaries' obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar loans eventually sold to HELXIV pursuant to the related sale and contribution agreement. HELXIV is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the holders of the HELXIV Notes, each of which must be funded at all times to the levels specified in the HELXIV Notes. The holders of the HELXIV Notes have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the HELXIV Notes. 
 
 SOLVII Debt . In August 2024, we pooled and transferred eligible solar energy systems and the related asset receivables into wholly-owned subsidiaries of SOLVII, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-2 Class A solar asset-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-2 Class B solar asset-backed notes (collectively, the "SOLVII Notes") with a maturity date of July 2059. The SOLVII Notes were issued at a discount of and for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively, and bear interest at an annual rate equal to and for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively. The cash flows generated by the solar energy systems and the related asset receivables of SOLVII's subsidiaries are used to service the quarterly principal and interest payments on the SOLVII Notes and satisfy SOLVII's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova Sol VII Depositor, LLC, SOLVII's sole member. In connection with the SOLVII Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing the solar energy systems and servicing the related asset receivables pursuant to a transaction management agreement and management 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 convertible senior notes 
 SEI convertible senior notes 
 Sunnova Energy Corporation notes payable 
 Sunnova Energy Corporation senior notes 
 Sunnova Energy Corporation senior notes 
 EZOP revolving credit facility HELII solar asset-backed notes RAYSI solar asset-backed notes HELIII solar loan-backed notes TEPH revolving credit facility SOLI solar asset-backed notes HELIV solar loan-backed notes AP8 credit facility 
 SOLII solar asset-backed notes HELV solar loan-backed notes SOLIII solar asset-backed notes HELVI solar loan-backed notes HELVII solar loan-backed notes HELVIII solar loan-backed notes SOLIV solar asset-backed notes HELIX solar loan-backed notes HELX solar loan-backed notes IS revolving credit facility SOLV solar asset-backed notes HELXI solar loan-backed notes HELXII solar loan-backed notes AP9 revolving credit facility 
 HESI solar loan-backed notes 
 BMB revolving credit facility 
 SOLVI solar asset-backed notes HELXIII solar loan-backed notes HESII solar loan-backed notes 
 HELXIV solar loan-backed notes 
 SOLVII solar asset-backed notes 
 Total (1) 
 
 (1) Amounts exclude the net deferred financing costs (classified as debt) and net debt discounts of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 For the notes payable, EZOP, TEPH, AP8, IS, AP9 and BMB debt, the estimated fair values approximate the carrying amounts primarily due to the variable nature of the interest rates of the underlying instruments. For the convertible senior notes, senior notes and the HELII, RAYSI, HELIII, SOLI, HELIV, SOLII, HELV, SOLIII, HELVI, HELVII, HELVIII, SOLIV, HELIX, HELX, SOLV, HELXI, HELXII, HESI, SOLVI, HELXIII, HESII, HELXIV and SOLVII debt, we determined the 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(8) 
 
 million and million, respectively, to economically hedge its exposure to the variable interest rates on a portion of the outstanding EZOP debt. No collateral was posted for the interest rate swaps and caps as they are secured under the EZOP revolving credit facility. In July 2024, the notional amount of the interest rate swaps and caps began decreasing to match EZOP's estimated monthly principal payments on the debt. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, EZOP unwound interest rate swaps and caps with an aggregate notional amount of million and million, respectively, and recorded a realized gain of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps and Caps on TEPH Debt. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, TEPH entered into interest rate swaps and caps for an aggregate notional amount of million and million, respectively, to economically hedge its exposure to the variable interest rates on a portion of the outstanding TEPH debt. No collateral was posted for the interest rate swaps and caps as they are secured under the TEPH revolving credit facility. In October 2025, the notional amount of the interest rate swaps and caps will begin decreasing to match TEPH's estimated quarterly principal payments on the debt. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, TEPH unwound interest rate swaps and caps with an aggregate notional amount of million and million, respectively, and recorded a realized gain of million and million, respectively. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps and Caps on AP8 Debt. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, AP8 entered into interest rate swaps and caps for an aggregate notional amount of and million, respectively, to economically hedge its exposure to the variable interest rates on a portion of the outstanding AP8 debt. No collateral was posted for the interest rate swaps and caps as they are secured under the AP8 revolving credit facility. The notional amount of the interest rate swaps and caps is locked for the life of the contract. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, AP8 unwound interest rate swaps and caps with an aggregate notional amount of and recorded a realized gain of million and , respectively. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps and Caps on AP9 Debt. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, AP9 entered into interest rate swaps and caps for an aggregate notional amount of and million, respectively, to economically hedge its exposure to the variable interest rates on a portion of the outstanding AP9 debt. No collateral was posted for the interest rate swaps and caps as they are secured under the AP9 revolving credit facility. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, AP9 unwound interest rate swaps and caps with an aggregate notional amount of million and , respectively, and recorded a realized gain of and , respectively. In September 2024, all AP9 interest rate swaps and caps were unwound and terminated. 
 
 July 2023 - 
 December 2023 
 December 2028 - 
 November 2035 
 
 TEPH December 2023 
 - August 2024 
 April 2038 - 
 January 2043 
 - 
 July 2022 - 
 December 2023 
 October 2031 - 
 October 2041 
 - 
 
 AP8 November 2022 
 - August 2023 
 October 2025 
 November 2022 
 - August 2023 
 September 2025 
 AP9 
 
 September 2023 
 September 2027 
 Total 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Other long-term liabilities ) Total, net ) 
 
 We did not designate the interest rate swaps and caps as hedging instruments for accounting purposes. As a result, we recognize changes in fair value immediately in interest expense, net. ) ) ) Unrealized (gain) loss ) ) Total ) ) 

(9) 
 
 and , respectively, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is and , respectively. Total income tax differs from the amounts computed by applying the statutory income tax rate to loss before income tax primarily as a result of our valuation allowance and income tax benefit from the sale of ITCs. For interim reporting, we apply a forecasted annualized effective tax rate to year-to-date loss before income tax. We assessed whether we had any significant uncertain tax positions taken in a filed tax return, planned to be taken in a future tax return or claim, or otherwise subject to interpretation and determined there were none not more likely than not to be sustained upon examination, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes, based on the technical merits of the position, or prospectively approved when such approval may be sought in advance. Should a provision for any interest or penalties relative to unrecognized tax benefits be necessary, it is our policy to accrue for such in our income tax accounts. There were such accruals as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and we do not expect a significant change in gross unrecognized tax benefits in the next twelve months. Our tax years after 2013 remain subject to examination by the IRS and by the taxing authorities in the states and territories in which we operate. 

(10) 
 
 million. In February 2024, the Class A member of Sunnova TEP 7-F, LLC increased its capital commitment from approximately million to approximately million. In March 2024, the Class A member of Sunnova TEP 7-E, LLC increased its capital commitment from million to approximately million. In May 2024, the Class A member of Sunnova TEP 7-B, LLC increased its capital commitment from million to approximately million. In August 2024, the Class A member of Sunnova TEP 7-B, LLC increased its capital commitment from approximately million to approximately million. In August 2024, the Class A member of Sunnova TEP 7-C, LLC increased its capital commitment from approximately million to approximately million. In August 2024, the Class A member of Sunnova TEP 7-E, LLC increased its capital commitment from approximately million to approximately million. In August 2024, the Class A member of Sunnova TEP 7-G, LLC increased its capital commitment from approximately million to approximately million. In August 2024, we admitted a tax equity investor as the Class A member of Sunnova TEP 8-F, LLC ("TEP8F"), a subsidiary of Sunnova TEP 8-F Manager, LLC, which is the Class B member of TEP8F. The Class A member of TEP8F made a total capital commitment of approximately million. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 million to approximately million. In May 2024, we admitted a tax equity investor as the Class A member of Sunnova TEP 8-E, LLC ("TEP8E"), a subsidiary of Sunnova TEP 8-E Manager, LLC, which is the Class B member of TEP8E. The Class A member of TEP8E made a total capital commitment of approximately million. In September 2024, the Class A member of Sunnova TEP 6-D, LLC increased its capital commitment from approximately million to approximately million. 

(11) 
 
 and shares of our common stock to Len X, LLC pursuant to the terms of the earnout agreement, as amended, entered into in connection with the acquisition of SunStreet Energy Group, LLC. 

(12) 
 
 , an amount that, together with the shares remaining available for grant under the LTIP, is equal to shares, or approximately of the number of shares of common stock outstanding as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, September 30, 2024 Exercisable, September 30, 2024 Vested and expected to vest, September 30, 2024 Non-vested, September 30, 2024 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except number of stock options vested) Number of stock options vested Grant date fair value of stock options vested 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of years. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding, September 30, 2024 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except number of restricted stock units vested) Number of restricted stock units vested Grant date fair value of restricted stock units vested 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock units, which is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted average period of years. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the number of shares of common stock issued under the ESPP was and , respectively. 

(13) Net loss per share attributable to stockholders basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 
 
 Convertible senior notes 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 (14) 

Other long-term liabilities Total 
 
 The changes in our performance guarantee obligations are as follows: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Balance at beginning of period Accruals Settlements ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Operating and Finance Leases . We lease real estate and certain office equipment under operating leases and vehicles and certain other office equipment under finance leases. 
 
 Finance lease expense: Amortization expense Interest on lease liabilities Short-term lease expense Variable lease expense Total 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 Finance leases Total right-of-use assets Current lease liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases Long-term leases liabilities: Operating leases Finance leases Total lease liabilities 
 
 Operating cash flows from finance leases Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 Weighted average remaining lease term (years): Operating leases Finance leases Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total Amount representing interest ) ) Amount representing leasehold incentives ) Present value of future payments Current portion of lease liability ) ) Long-term portion of lease liability 
 
 Guarantees or Indemnifications . We enter into contracts that include indemnifications and guarantee provisions. In general, we enter into contracts with indemnities for matters such as breaches of representations and warranties and covenants contained in the contract and/or against certain specified liabilities. Examples of these contracts include dealer agreements, debt agreements, asset purchases and sales agreements, service agreements and procurement agreements. We are unable to estimate our maximum potential exposure under these agreements until an event triggering payment occurs. 
 
 million and million, respectively. Under these agreements, we paid million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We could be obligated to make maximum payments, excluding additional amounts payable on a per watt basis if even higher thresholds are met, as follows: 
 
 Dealer Commitments (in thousands) Remaining 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total 
 
 Purchase Commitments. In September 2024, we amended an agreement with a supplier in which we agreed to purchase approximately million of solar energy systems from October 2024 through June 2025. As of September 30, 2024, we are committed to purchase (or have our dealers purchase) million, million and million during the three months ended December 31, 2024, March 31, 2025 and June 30, 2025, respectively, for a total of million. Based on historical experience, this supplier agreement could be modified from time to time. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter Total 

(15) 
 
 billion to billion. 
 
 AP9 Debt . In October 2024, we voluntarily terminated the AP9 revolving credit facility. At the time of termination, no loans were outstanding under the AP9 revolving credit facility. Upon termination, all outstanding obligations under the AP9 revolving credit facility were paid in full and all hedging agreements permitted by the AP9 revolving credit facility were settled. 
 
 SOLVIII Debt . In October 2024, we pooled and transferred eligible solar energy systems and the related asset receivables into wholly-owned subsidiaries of SOLVIII, a special purpose entity, that issued million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-3 Class A solar asset-backed notes and million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-3 Class B solar asset-backed notes (collectively, the "SOLVIII Notes") with a maturity date of July 2059. The SOLVIII Notes were issued at a discount of and for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively, and bear interest at an annual rate equal to and for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively. The cash flows generated by the solar energy systems and the related asset receivables of SOLVIII's subsidiaries are used to service the quarterly principal and interest payments on the SOLVIII Notes and satisfy SOLVIII's expenses, and any remaining cash can be distributed to Sunnova Sol VIII Depositor, LLC, SOLVIII's sole member. In connection with the SOLVIII Notes, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing the solar energy systems and servicing the related asset receivables pursuant to a transaction management agreement and management and servicing agreements. In addition, Sunnova Energy Corporation has guaranteed (a) the obligations of certain of our subsidiaries to manage the solar energy systems and service the related asset receivables pursuant to a transaction management agreement and management and servicing agreements, (b) the managing members' obligations, in such capacity, under the related financing fund's limited liability company agreement and (c) certain of our subsidiaries' obligations to repurchase or substitute certain ineligible solar energy systems eventually sold to SOLVIII pursuant to the sale and contribution agreement. SOLVIII is also required to maintain certain reserve accounts for the benefit of the holders of the SOLVIII Notes, each of which must remain funded at all times to the levels specified in the SOLVIII Notes. The indenture requires SOLVIII to track the debt service coverage ratio (such ratio, the "DSCR") of (a) the amount of certain payments received from customers, certain performance based incentives, certain energy credits and any applicable insurance proceeds as of a specific date to (b) interest and scheduled principal due on the SOLVIII Notes as of such date, with the potential to enter into an early amortization period if the DSCR drops below a certain threshold. The holders of the SOLVIII Notes have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the SOLVIII Notes. 
 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests . In October 2024, we admitted a tax equity investor as the Class A member of Sunnova TEP 8-G, LLC ("TEP8G"), a subsidiary of Sunnova TEP 8-G Manager, LLC, which is the Class B member of TEP8G. The Class A member of TEP8G made a total capital commitment of approximately million. In October 2024, we exercised our purchase option to purchase of the Class A members' interests in Sunnova TEP II-B, LLC for approximately million. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis contain forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results and timing of selected events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including but not limited to those discussed under "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements" above and "Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements", "Risk Factors" and elsewhere in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on February 22, 2024, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 2, 2024 and August 1, 2024 and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment and new risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. Unless the context otherwise requires, the terms "Sunnova," the "Company," "we," "us" and "our" refer to SEI and its consolidated subsidiaries. 

Company Overview 
 
 See Note 1, Description of Business and Basis of Presentation. In addition, service is an integral part of our agreements and includes operations and maintenance, monitoring, repairs and replacements, equipment upgrades, on-site power optimization for the customer (for both supply and demand), the ability to efficiently switch power sources between the solar energy system and/or energy storage system, and the grid, as appropriate, and also the solar energy system and energy storage system diagnostics. During the life of the contract, we have the opportunity to integrate related and evolving servicing and monitoring technologies and other sustainable home products to upgrade the flexibility and reduce the cost of our customers' energy supply. 
 
 In the case of leases and PPAs, we also currently receive tax benefits and other incentives from federal, state and local governments, a portion of which we finance through tax equity, tax credit sales, non-recourse debt structures and hedging arrangements in order to fund our upfront costs, overhead and growth investments. 
 
 In addition to providing ongoing service as a standard component of our customer agreements, we also offer ongoing energy services to customers who purchased their solar energy system through third parties. Under these arrangements, we agree to provide monitoring, maintenance and/or repair services to these customers for the life of the service contract they sign with us. In addition, we offer one-time repair services to customers who purchased their solar energy systems or sustainable home products through third parties that are not otherwise covered by warranty. 
 
 We continue to expand our offerings to include additional sustainable home products to our agreements, including non-solar financing. Specifically, we have expanded our offerings to include a non-solar loan program enabling customers to finance the purchase of products independent of a solar energy system or energy storage system. We believe the quality and scope of our expanding sustainable home product offerings, whether to customers that obtained their solar energy system or energy storage system through us or through a third party, is a key differentiator between us and our competitors. 
 
 We also enter into leases with third-party owners of pools of solar energy systems to receive such third party's interest in those systems. In connection therewith, we assume the related customer PPA and lease rights and obligations, entitling us to future customer cash flows as well as certain credits, rebates and incentives (including SRECs) under those agreements, in exchange for a lease payment, whether upfront or over time, to the third-party owner, which may be made in the form of cash or shares of our common stock. We believe such arrangements enhance our long-term contracted cash flows and are complementary to our overall business model. 
 
 We commenced operations in January 2013 and began providing solar energy services under our first solar energy system in April 2013. Since then, our brand, innovation and focused execution have driven significant, rapid growth in our market share and in the number of customers on our platform. We operate one of the largest residential fleets of solar energy systems in the U.S., comprising more than 2,751 megawatts of generation capacity and our diversified offerings of sustainable home solutions serve over 422,000 customers as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Recent Developments 
 
 Financing Transactions 
 
 In August 2024, four tax equity investors increased their capital commitment by approximately 23.7 million (from approximately 338.5 million to approximately 362.3 million) to accommodate the funding of domestic content and energy community tax credit bonuses. Similarly, in September 2024, a tax equity investor increased its capital commitment from approximately 75.0 million to approximately 79.6 million. Also, in August 2024, we admitted a tax equity investor with a total capital commitment of approximately 152.1 million, and in October 2024, we admitted a tax equity investor with a total capital commitment of approximately 95.0 million. See " Liquidity and Capital Resources Financing Arrangements Tax Equity Fund Commitments " below. 
 
 In August 2024, we amended the revolving credit facility by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC ("TEPH"), certain of our other subsidiaries party thereto, Atlas Securitized Products Holdings, L.P., as administrative agent, and the lenders and other financial institutions party thereto, to, among other things, modify certain eligibility criteria to allow for energy community, domestic content and low-income community tax credit bonuses. In October 2024,we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) extend the maturity date from November 2025 to August 2026, (b) extend the date upon which lender commitments terminate (and no further advances are permitted under the TEPH revolving credit facility) from May 2024 to May 2025, (c) require us to maintain a specified minimum working capital amount as of quarterly determination dates, (d) add certain events of default and (e) increase the aggregate commitment amount from 1.361 billion to 1.362 billion. In October 2024, we voluntarily terminated the revolving credit facility by and among Sunnova Asset Portfolio 9, LLC ("AP9"), Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 9 Holdings, LLC, and the lenders party thereto. At the time of termination, no loans were outstanding under the AP9 revolving credit facility. Upon termination, all outstanding obligations under the AP9 revolving credit facility were paid in full and all hedging agreements permitted by the AP9 revolving credit facility were settled. See " Liquidity and Capital Resources Financing Arrangements Warehouse and Other Debt Financings " below. 
 
 In August 2024, one of our subsidiaries issued 308.5 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-2 Class A solar asset-backed notes and 11.7 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-2 Class B solar asset-backed notes (collectively, the "SOLVII Notes") with a maturity date of July 2059. The SOLVII Notes bear interest at an annual rate equal to 6.58 and 9.00 for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively. In October 2024, one of our subsidiaries issued 295.2 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-3 Class A solar asset-backed notes and 12.9 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-3 Class B solar asset-backed notes (collectively, the "SOLVIII Notes") with a maturity date of July 2059. The SOLVIII Notes bear interest at an annual rate equal to 6.45 and 8.78 for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively. See " Liquidity and Capital Resources Financing Arrangements Securitizations " below. 
 
 Sales of Customer Notes Receivable 
 
 In May 2024, we ceased originating home security and monitoring loans with Brinks Home. In connection therewith, we sold approximately 58,000 home security and monitoring loans to Brinks Home. In the second and third quarter of 2024, we sold additional accessory loans to a third party. While we still have an obligation to service the accessory loans sold in the second and third quarter of 2024, no such obligation exists for the home security and monitoring loans sold in May 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold approximately 63,000 accessory loans with a net customer notes receivable balance of 120.9 million for 81.0 million and recognized a loss of 43.4 million. As previously disclosed, during the year ended December 31, 2023, Monitronics International Inc. dba Brinks Home accounted for 30 of our net originations on a count basis. 

Securitizations 
 
 As a source of long-term financing, we securitize qualifying solar energy systems, energy storage systems and related customer agreements into special purpose entities who issue solar asset-backed and solar loan-backed notes to institutional investors. We also securitize the cash flows generated by the membership interests in certain of our indirect, wholly-owned subsidiaries that are the managing member of a tax equity fund that owns a pool of solar energy systems, energy storage systems and related customer agreements that were originated by one of our wholly-owned subsidiaries. We often obtain public or private credit ratings on our securitizations from nationally recognized statistical rating agencies. The federal government currently provides business investment tax credits under Section 48(a) (the "Section 48(a) ITC") and residential energy credits under Section 25D (the "Section 25D Credit") of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. For projects that begin construction after December 31, 2024, the Section 48(a) ITC will be replaced with investment tax credits under Section 48E(a) (the "Section 48E ITC"). We do not securitize the Section 48(a) ITC incentives, and currently do not plan to securitize any 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Section 48E ITC incentives, associated with the solar energy systems and energy storage systems as part of these arrangements. However, we may in the future securitize the expected proceeds from the sale of such tax credits. We use the cash flows these solar energy systems and energy storage systems generate to service the monthly, quarterly or semi-annual principal and interest payments on the notes and satisfy the expenses and reserve requirements of the special purpose entities, with any remaining cash distributed to their sole members, who are typically our indirect wholly-owned subsidiaries. In connection with these securitizations, certain of our affiliates receive a fee for managing and servicing the solar energy systems and energy storage systems pursuant to management, servicing, facility administration and asset management agreements. The special purpose entities are also typically required to maintain a liquidity reserve account and a reserve account for equipment replacements and, in certain cases, reserve accounts for financing fund purchase option/withdrawal right exercises or storage system replacement for the benefit of the holders under the applicable series of notes, each of which are funded from initial deposits or cash flows to the levels specified therein. The creditors of these special purpose entities have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the terms of the notes. From our inception through September 30, 2024, we have issued 5.9 billion in solar asset-backed and solar loan-backed notes. 

Tax Equity Funds 
 
 Our ability to offer and finance long-term solar service agreements depends in part on our ability to finance the installation of the solar energy systems and energy storage systems by co-investing with tax equity investors, such as large banks who value the resulting customer receivables and Section 48(a) ITCs or, in the future, Section 48E ITCs, accelerated tax depreciation and other incentives related to the solar energy systems and energy storage systems, primarily through structured investments known as "tax equity". Tax equity investments are generally structured as non-recourse project financings known as "tax equity funds". In the context of distributed generation solar energy, tax equity investors make contributions upfront or in stages based on milestones in exchange for a share of the tax attributes and cash flows emanating from an underlying portfolio of solar energy systems and energy storage systems. In these tax equity funds, the U.S. federal income tax attributes offset taxes that otherwise would have been payable on the investors' other operations. The terms and conditions of each tax equity fund vary significantly by investor and by fund. We continue to negotiate with potential investors to create additional tax equity funds. 
 
 In general, our tax equity funds are structured using the partnership flip structure. Under partnership flip structures, we and our tax equity investors contribute cash into a partnership. The partnership uses this cash to acquire long-term solar service agreements, solar energy systems and energy storage systems developed by us and sells energy from such solar energy systems and energy storage systems, as applicable, to customers or directly leases the solar energy systems and energy storage systems, as applicable, to customers. We assign these solar service agreements, solar energy systems, energy storage systems and related incentives to our tax equity funds in accordance with the criteria of the specific funds. Upon such assignment and the satisfaction of certain conditions precedent, we are able to draw down on the tax equity fund commitments. The conditions precedent to funding vary across our tax equity funds but generally require that we have entered into a solar service agreement with the customer, the customer meets certain credit criteria, the solar energy system is expected to be eligible for the Section 48(a) ITC or the Section 48E ITC, as applicable, we have a recent appraisal from an independent appraiser establishing the fair market value of the solar energy system and the property is in an approved state or territory. Certain tax equity investors agree to receive a minimum target rate of return, typically on an after-tax basis, which varies by tax equity fund. Prior to receiving a contractual rate of return or a date specified in the contractual arrangements, the tax equity investor receives substantially all of the non-cash value attributable to the solar energy systems and energy storage systems, which includes accelerated depreciation and Section 48(a) ITCs or Section 48E ITCs, as applicable. However, we typically receive a majority of the cash distributions, which are typically paid quarterly. After the tax equity investor receives its contractual rate of return or after a specified date, the partnership flips and we receive substantially all of the cash and tax allocations. 
 
 We have determined we are the primary beneficiary in these tax equity funds for accounting purposes. Accordingly, we consolidate the assets and liabilities and operating results of these partnerships in our consolidated financial statements. We recognize the tax equity investors' share of the net assets of the tax equity funds as redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests in our Consolidated Balance Sheets. The income or loss allocations reflected in our Consolidated Statements of Operations may create significant volatility in our reported results of operations, including potentially changing net loss attributable to stockholders to net income attributable to stockholders, or vice versa, from quarter to quarter. 
 
 We typically have an option to acquire, and our tax equity investors may have an option to withdraw and require us to purchase, all the equity interests our tax equity investor holds in the tax equity funds starting approximately five years after the last solar energy system in the applicable tax equity fund is operational. If we or our tax equity investors exercise this option, we are typically required to pay at least the fair market value of the tax equity investor's equity interest and, in certain cases, a contractual minimum amount. From our inception through September 30, 2024, we have received commitments of approximately 3.4 billion through the use of tax equity funds, of which an aggregate of 3.1 billion has been funded and 221.9 million remains available for use. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Significant Factors and Trends Affecting Our Business 
 
 Our results of operations and our ability to grow our business over time could be impacted by a number of factors and trends that affect our industry generally, as well as new offerings of services and products we may acquire/discontinue or seek to acquire/divest in the future. Additionally, our business is concentrated in certain markets, putting us at risk of region-specific disruptions such as adverse economic, regulatory, political, weather and other conditions. See " Risk Factors " in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2024, our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 2, 2024 and August 1, 2024 and in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further discussion of risks affecting our business. 
 
 Financing Availability. Our future growth, profitability and ability to satisfy our obligations depends, in significant part, on our ability to raise capital from third-party investors on competitive terms to help finance the origination of our solar energy systems under our solar service agreements. We have historically used debt, such as convertible senior notes, senior notes, asset-backed and loan-backed securitizations and warehouse facilities, tax equity, preferred equity, common equity and other financing strategies to help fund our operations. With respect to tax equity, there are a limited number of potential tax equity investors and purchasers of ITCs, and the competition for this investment capital is intense. The principal tax credit on which tax equity investors in our industry rely is the Section 48(a) ITC. Under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 ("IRA"), the Section 48(a) ITC is (a) 26 of the basis of eligible solar property that began construction after 2019 and was placed in service before 2022 and (b) 30 of the basis of eligible solar property or eligible energy storage property that begins construction before 2025 provided (i) the project satisfies certain labor and apprenticeship requirements, (ii) the project has a maximum net output or capacity of less than one megawatt (as measured in alternating current) or (iii) the project began construction prior to January 29, 2023. If no criterion is satisfied, the base amount of the Section 48(a) ITC will be equal to 6 . Depending on the location of a particular project, its size, its ability to satisfy certain labor and domestic content requirements and the category of consumers it serves, the ITC percentage can range between 6 and 70 , however, IRS guidance is limited and not all tax equity investors will invest against the fully enhanced credit. In addition, the Section 48(a) ITC will be replaced by the Section 48E ITC for eligible solar energy property or eligible energy storage property that begins construction after 2024, and the Section 48E ITC percentage will generally be the same as the percentage for the Section 48(a) ITC and subject to similar requirements in order to receive the full benefit. The Section 48E ITC percentage will begin to phase down for projects that begin construction after (a) 2033 or (b) if later, the first year after the year in which the U.S. Department of Treasury determines greenhouse gas emissions from the production of electricity in the United States are no more than 25 of 2022 levels. We believe our solar energy systems and energy storage systems generally will not be subject to the labor and apprenticeship requirements of the IRA due to the maximum net output or capacity of most of our solar energy systems and energy storage systems. However, solar energy systems and energy storage systems financed by Hestia securitizations are subject to applicable labor and other requirements imposed by the U.S Department of Energy ("DOE") and the U.S. Department of Labor. In addition, the IRA added a new provision that allows taxpayers to transfer certain federal income tax credits that arise after 2022, such as the Section 48(a) ITC, to third parties for cash. In September 2023, we entered into our first tax credit purchase and sale agreements and subsequently entered into additional tax credit purchase and sale agreements. It is unclear what long-term effect the ability to transfer Section 48(a) ITCs will have on tax equity structures, although we expect the market for tax equity structures to continue for investors who will continue to value benefits that are not transferable, such as accelerated depreciation. We are continuing to evaluate the overall impact and applicability of the IRA to our ability to raise capital from third-party investors. 
 
 Our ability to raise capital from third-party investors is also affected by general economic conditions, the state of the capital markets, inflation levels and concerns about our industry or business. Specifically, interest rates have risen over the past few years and remain subject to volatility that may result from action taken by the Federal Reserve. 
 
 Cost of Solar Energy Systems and Energy Storage Systems. Although we have experienced a prolonged period of component cost declines, upward pressure on prices of solar energy systems and energy storage systems may still occur due to growth in the solar industry, regulatory policy changes, tariffs and duties or inflationary cost pressures. As a result of these developments, we may pay higher prices on solar modules and other cost components, which may make it less economical for us to serve certain markets. While lower costs of components may benefit our growth and profitability, downward pressure on prices of solar energy systems and energy storage systems may lead to impairment of our inventory. 
 
 Energy Storage Systems. Our energy storage systems increase our customers' independence from the centralized utility and provide on-site backup power when there is a grid outage due to storms, wildfires, other natural disasters and general power failures caused by supply or transmission issues. In addition, at times it can be more economic to consume less energy from the grid or, alternatively, to export solar energy back to the grid. Recent technological advancements for energy storage systems allow the energy storage system to adapt to pricing and utility rate shifts by controlling the inflows and outflows of power, 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 allowing customers to increase the value of their solar energy system plus energy storage system. The energy storage system charges during the day, making the energy it stores available to the home or business when needed. It also features software that can customize power usage for the individual customer, providing backup power, optimizing solar energy consumption versus grid consumption or preventing export to the grid as appropriate. The software is tailored based on utility regulation, economic indicators and grid conditions. The combination of energy control, increased energy resilience and independence from the grid is strong incentive for customers to adopt solar and energy storage. However, we expect to see a reduction in the amount of energy storage system loans we originate due to a shift in customer demand from solar loans (caused by increased loan financing costs as a result of increased interest rates) to leases and PPAs. 
 
 Climate Change Action. As global awareness increases regarding the impact of climate change and as aversion to climate change impacts and the importance of energy resiliency rises, we believe the renewable energy market in which we operate, and investment in climate solutions more broadly, will continue to grow. This trend, along with increasing commitments to reduce carbon emissions, is expected to result in increased demand for our products and services. Under the current presidential administration, the focus on cleaner energy sources and technology to decarbonize the U.S. economy continues to accelerate. The federal government's administration has taken immediate steps that we believe signify support for cleaner energy sources, including, but not limited to, rejoining the Paris Climate Accord, re-establishing a social price on carbon used in cost/benefit analysis for policy making and announcing a commitment to transition the U.S. economy to a net-zero carbon economy by 2050. We expect the government, combined with a closely divided Congress, to continue to take actions that are supportive of the renewable energy industry, such as incentivizing clean energy sources and supporting new investment in areas like renewables. There is no guarantee a new administration or a change in the makeup of Congress would continue to take supportive actions, and such a changed administration may make decisions and/or pass laws that are detrimental to our industry. 
 
 Government Regulations, Policies and Incentives. Our growth and operations strategy depends in significant part on government policies and incentives that promote and support solar energy and enhance the economic viability of distributed solar. These policies and incentives come in various forms, including net metering, eligibility for accelerated depreciation such as the modified accelerated cost recovery system, solar renewable energy certificates ("SRECs"), tax abatements, rebates, renewable targets, DOE loan guarantee programs, incentive programs and tax credits, particularly the Section 48(a) ITC and the Section 25D Credit. The IRA expanded and extended the tax credits available to solar energy projects to achieve the government's non-binding target of net-zero emissions by 2050, which we expect will increase demand for our services. The Section 25D Credit allows qualifying homeowners to deduct up to 30 of the cost of installing residential solar energy systems from their U.S. federal income taxes, thereby returning a significant portion of the purchase price of the residential solar energy system to homeowners that may participate in our solar loan programs. Under the terms of the current extension, the residential tax credit will remain at 30 through the end of 2032, reduce to 26 for 2033, reduce to 22 for 2034, and further reduce to 0 after the end of 2034 for residential solar energy systems, unless it is extended before that time. The IRA also extended the investment tax credit for solar energy projects through at least 2033. Policies requiring solar on new roofs, such as those enacted in California and New York City, also support the growth of distributed solar. The sale of SRECs has constituted a significant portion of our revenue historically. A change in the value of net metering credits or SRECs or changes in other policies or a loss or reduction in such incentives could decrease the attractiveness of distributed solar to us, our dealers and our customers in applicable markets, which could reduce our customer acquisition opportunities. Such a loss or reduction could also reduce our willingness to pursue certain customer acquisitions due to decreased revenue or income under our customer agreements. Additionally, such a loss or reduction may also impact the terms of and availability of third-party financing. If any of these government regulations, policies or incentives are adversely amended, delayed, eliminated, reduced, retroactively changed or not extended beyond their current expiration dates or there is a negative impact from the recent federal law changes or proposals, our operating results and the demand for, and the economics of, distributed solar energy may decline, which could harm our business. 

Components of Results of Operations 
 
 Revenue. See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, to our interim financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Cost of Revenue Customer Agreements and Incentives. Cost of revenue customer agreements and incentives, which is core to our business operations, represents depreciation on solar energy systems under lease agreements and PPAs that have been placed in service, costs to purchase SRECs on the open market, SREC broker fees, payroll and related costs for Sunnova personnel who install solar energy systems and energy storage systems and other items deemed to be a cost of providing the service of selling power to customers or potential customers, such as certain costs to service loan agreements, costs for filing under the Uniform Commercial Code ("UCC") to maintain title, title searches, credit checks on potential customers at the time of initial contract and other similar costs, typically directly related to the volume of customers and potential customers. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Cost of Revenue Solar Energy System and Product Sales. Cost of revenue solar energy system and product sales represents costs related to cash sales and direct sales, which are core to our business operations, and non-core costs related to the procurement and direct sale of inventory to our dealers or other parties, including shipping and handling costs. 
 
 Operations and Maintenance Expense. Operations and maintenance expense represents costs from third parties for maintaining and servicing the solar energy systems, property insurance, property taxes and warranties. When services for maintaining and servicing solar energy systems are provided by Sunnova personnel rather than third parties, those amounts are included in payroll costs classified within general and administrative expense. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we incurred 43.4 million and 36.2 million, respectively, of Sunnova personnel costs related to maintaining and servicing solar energy systems. In addition, operations and maintenance expense includes write downs and write-offs related to inventory adjustments, gains and losses on disposals, other impairments, non-recoverable costs from terminated dealers and impairments and costs due to natural disaster losses net of insurance proceeds recovered under our business interruption and property damage insurance coverage for natural disasters. 
 
 General and Administrative Expense. General and administrative expense represents costs for our employees, such as salaries, bonuses, benefits and all other employee-related costs, including stock-based compensation, professional fees related to legal, accounting, human resources, finance and training, software and business technology services, marketing and communications, acquisition costs, travel and rent and other office-related expenses. General and administrative expense also includes depreciation on assets not classified as solar energy systems, including software and business technology development projects, vehicles, furniture, fixtures, computer equipment and leasehold improvements and accretion expense on AROs. We capitalize a portion of general and administrative costs, such as payroll-related costs, that is related to employees who are directly involved in the design, construction, installation and testing of the solar energy systems but not directly associated with a particular asset. We also capitalize a portion of general and administrative costs, such as payroll-related costs, that is related to employees who are directly associated with and devote time to internal software and business technology development projects, to the extent of the time spent directly on the application and development stage of such software project. 
 
 Provision for Current Expected Credit Losses and Other Bad Debt Expense. Provision for current expected credit losses and other bad debt expense primarily represents adjustments to the allowance for credit losses for customer notes receivable that is estimated over the contractual term of the loan agreements based on the best available data at the time. 
 
 Other Operating (Income) Expense. Other operating (income) expense primarily represents gains and losses on sales of customer notes receivable, changes in the fair values of certain financial instruments related to our investments in solar receivables and contingent consideration related to the installation and microgrid earnouts. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net. Interest expense, net represents interest on our borrowings under our various debt facilities, amortization of debt discounts and deferred financing costs and realized and unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments. 
 
 Interest Income. Interest income represents interest income from the notes receivable under our loan program and income on short term investments with financial institutions. 
 
 Other Expense. Other expense primarily represents changes in the fair value of certain financial instruments related to non-operating assets. 
 
 Income Tax Benefit. We account for income taxes under Accounting Standards Codification 740, Income Taxes . As such, we determine deferred tax assets and liabilities based on temporary differences resulting from the different treatment of items for tax and financial reporting purposes. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. Additionally, we must assess the likelihood that deferred tax assets will be recovered as deductions from future taxable income. We evaluate the recoverability of our deferred tax assets on a quarterly basis. The income tax benefit includes the effects of taxes incurred in U.S. territories where the tax code for the respective territory may have separate tax reporting requirements, as applicable. We account for ITCs using the flow-through method, which states the tax benefit is to be recognized when the ITC is realizable. For interim reporting, we utilize a forecasted annualized effective tax rate. For tax credit purchase and sale agreements entered into by certain of our consolidated tax equity partnerships, we record our share of the sale as income tax benefit and the tax equity investor's share as an increase to redeemable noncontrolling interests or noncontrolling interests. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Noncontrolling Interests. Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests represents tax equity interests in the net income or loss of certain consolidated subsidiaries based on hypothetical liquidation at book value. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Results of Operations Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 The following table sets forth our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations data for the periods indicated. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) Revenue: 
 Customer agreements and incentives 
 157,538 108,192 49,346 46 Solar energy system and product sales 
 77,756 90,206 (12,450) (14) Total revenue 
 235,294 198,398 36,896 19 Operating expense: Cost of revenue customer agreements and incentives 
 54,722 39,130 15,592 40 Cost of revenue solar energy system and product sales 
 66,679 76,288 (9,609) (13) Operations and maintenance 35,868 18,702 17,166 92 General and administrative 110,678 100,342 10,336 10 Provision for current expected credit losses and other bad debt expense 
 22,646 11,203 11,443 102 Other operating income 
 (2,812) (9,051) 6,239 (69) Total operating expense, net 287,781 236,614 51,167 22 Operating loss 
 (52,487) (38,216) (14,271) 37 Interest expense, net 182,528 57,601 124,927 217 Interest income (38,565) (30,590) (7,975) 26 Other expense 
 561 (561) (100) Loss before income tax 
 (196,450) (65,788) (130,662) 199 Income tax benefit 
 (46,126) (9,325) (36,801) 395 Net loss 
 (150,324) (56,463) (93,861) 166 Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 (27,735) 6,684 (34,419) (515) Net loss attributable to stockholders 
 (122,589) (63,147) (59,442) 94 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Revenue 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) PPA revenue 55,884 38,300 17,584 46 Lease revenue 62,297 37,966 24,331 64 SREC revenue 19,695 16,136 3,559 22 Loan revenue 
 12,565 9,283 3,282 35 Service revenue 4,195 4,756 (561) (12) Other revenue 
 2,902 1,751 1,151 66 Customer agreements and incentives 
 157,538 108,192 49,346 46 Inventory sales revenue 
 28,788 51,355 (22,567) (44) Cash sales revenue 
 37,591 24,284 13,307 55 Direct sales revenue 
 11,377 14,567 (3,190) (22) Solar energy system and product sales 77,756 90,206 (12,450) (14) Total 235,294 198,398 36,896 19 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands except weighted average number of 
 systems and per weighted average system amounts) 
 PPA and lease revenue 
 118,181 76,266 41,915 55 Weighted average number of PPA and lease systems 
 238,400 173,500 64,900 37 Per weighted average system 496 440 56 13 Revenue under our loan agreements 
 12,565 9,283 3,282 35 Weighted average number of systems with loan agreements 
 105,100 89,900 15,200 17 Per weighted average system 120 103 17 17 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands except number of 
 customers and per customer amounts) 
 Cash sales revenue 
 37,591 24,284 13,307 55 Number of cash sales customers 
 1,500 1,700 (200) (12) Per customer 
 25,061 14,285 10,776 75 
 
 Customer Agreements and Incentives . Customer agreements and incentives revenue, which is core to our business operations, increased by 49.3 million (+46 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in the number of solar energy systems in service. The fluctuations in revenue per weighted average system are affected by (a) market factors, (b) weather seasonality, (c) system sizes and (d) whether the systems include storage. PPA and lease revenue are generated from the solar energy systems and energy storage systems we own. The weighted average number of PPA and lease systems increased from 173,500 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 238,400 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (+37 ). PPA and lease revenue, on a weighted average number of systems basis, increased from 440 per system for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 496 per system for the same period in 2024 (+13 primarily due to slightly larger average system sizes and higher battery attachment rates, which increased from 33 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 40 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 SREC revenue increased by 3.6 million (+22 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in SREC volume in New Jersey, resulting in an increase in revenue of 2.1 million, and an increase in SREC volume in Pennsylvania, resulting in an increase in revenue of 1.3 million. The amount of SREC revenue recognized in each period is also affected by the total number of solar energy systems, weather seasonality and hedge and spot prices associated with the timing of the sale of SRECs. 
 
 Loan revenue increased by 3.3 million (+35 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in the number of systems with loan agreements. The weighted average number of systems with loan agreements increased from 89,900 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 105,100 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (+17 ). Loan revenue, on a weighted average number of systems basis, increased from 103 per system for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 120 per system for the same period in 2024 (+17 primarily due to an increase in higher priced products placed in service. Service revenue decreased by 0.6 million (-12 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a decrease in the number of one-time transactions for repair services related to third-party solar energy systems. 
 
 Solar Energy System and Product Sales Revenue . Solar energy system and product sales revenue decreased by 12.5 million (-14 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to decreases in inventory sales revenue, which is non-core to our business operations, and direct sales revenue, partially offset by an increase in cash sales revenue. Inventory sales revenue decreased by 22.6 million (-44 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to our strategic focus to shift away from buying inventory to resell to our dealers or other parties in order to focus on our core business of providing energy services to our customers. Direct sales revenue decreased by 3.2 million (-22 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a decrease in the number of direct sales battery loans installed and placed in service in 2024 when compared to the same period in 2023. This decrease is primarily due to a change to our in-service methodology in mid-2024 to require additional procedures; thus, these projects now take longer to be placed in service. Cash sales revenue increased by 13.3 million (+55 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. On a per customer basis, cash sales revenue increased from 14,285 per customer for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 25,061 per customer for the same period in 2024 (+75 primarily due to larger system sizes with more storage included and thus, higher revenue (and higher associated costs). 
 
 Cost of Revenue Customer Agreements and Incentives 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) Depreciation related to solar energy systems and energy storage systems 49,042 33,743 15,299 45 Cost of revenue related to service customers, loan agreements and underwriting costs for new customers and solar energy systems 5,680 5,387 293 5 Total 54,722 39,130 15,592 40 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands except weighted average number of 
 systems and per weighted average system amounts) 
 Depreciation related to solar energy systems and energy storage systems 
 49,042 33,743 15,299 45 Weighted average number of PPA and lease systems 
 238,400 173,500 64,900 37 Per weighted average system 206 194 12 6 
 
 Cost of revenue customer agreements and incentives, which is core to our business operations, increased by 15.6 million (+40 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in depreciation related to solar energy systems and energy storage systems, which increased by 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 15.3 million (+45 ). This increase is aligned with the related revenue discussed above, which increased by 55 , and is primarily due to an increase in the weighted average number of PPA and lease systems from 173,500 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 238,400 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (+37 ). On a weighted average number of systems basis, depreciation related to solar energy systems and energy storage systems increased from 194 per system for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 206 per system for the same period in 2024 (+6 ). This overall increase is primarily due to a higher percentage of solar energy systems with storage, higher average costs and slightly larger average system sizes. 
 
 Cost of revenue related to service customers, loan agreements and underwriting costs (such as credit checks, title searches and the amortization of UCC filing costs) for new customers and solar energy systems increased by 0.3 million (+5 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in costs related to SRECs and loan agreements combined of 2.3 million, partially offset by a decrease of 2.0 million in internal labor costs to perform maintenance services in-house for third party contracts due to lower activity. 
 
 Cost of Revenue Solar Energy System and Product Sales 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) Inventory sales costs 
 27,720 50,694 (22,974) (45) Cash sales costs 
 22,238 12,698 9,540 75 Direct sales costs 
 16,356 12,635 3,721 29 Underwriting and other costs 
 365 261 104 40 Total 66,679 76,288 (9,609) (13) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands except number of 
 customers and per customer amounts) 
 Cash sales costs 
 22,238 12,698 9,540 75 Number of cash sales customers 
 1,500 1,700 (200) (12) Per customer 
 14,825 7,469 7,356 98 
 
 Cost of revenue solar energy system and product sales decreased by 9.6 million (-13 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a decrease in inventory sales costs, which is non-core to our business operations, partially offset by increases in costs related to our core business, which includes direct sales costs and cash sales costs. Inventory sales costs decreased by 23.0 million (-45 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to our strategic focus to shift away from buying inventory to resell to our dealers or other parties in order to focus on our core business of providing energy services to our customers. Cash sales costs increased by 9.5 million (+75 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. On a per customer basis, cash sales costs increased from 7,469 per customer for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 14,825 per customer for the same period in 2024 (+98 primarily due to larger system sizes with more storage included and thus, higher costs. Direct sales costs increased by 3.7 million (+29 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in solar energy systems and energy storage systems installed, which have a higher cost basis than the battery loans we principally sold in 2023. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Operations and Maintenance Expense 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) Maintenance and servicing of solar energy system and energy storage systems 
 7,294 6,337 957 15 Property insurance 
 3,937 2,766 1,171 42 Inventory physical count reconciliation adjustments 6,112 (6,112) (100) Inventory write down to net realizable value 6,935 331 6,604 N/M Non-recoverable costs from terminated dealers 13,150 13,150 N/A Prepaid design and engineering costs, not recoverable 
 363 363 N/A Other impairments 
 3,375 1,142 2,233 196 Warranty and other operations and maintenance expense 
 814 2,014 (1,200) (60) Total 35,868 18,702 17,166 92 
 __________________ 
 N/M not meaningful 
 
 Operations and maintenance expense increased by 17.2 million (+92 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to charges recognized for non-recoverable costs from terminated dealers of 13.2 million. We recognized impairments on costs paid to certain terminated dealers for work-in-progress solar energy systems and energy storage systems that have cancelled or are estimated to cancel and are not expected to be recovered, along with unearned portions of exclusivity and bonus payments tied to such dealers, which we estimate are not recoverable. We may continue to incur charges of this nature. The increase is also due to an increase in property insurance costs of 1.2 million (+42 due to more assets to insure and an increase in overall premium costs and an increase in inventory-related impairments of 0.5 million. We consider the inventory-related impairments of 6.9 million and 6.4 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, to be non-core in nature and do not expect these types of impairments in the future to be as significant due to our shift in strategic focus in the latter half of 2023 to pivot away from buying inventory to resell in order to focus on our core business of providing energy services to our customers. In addition, beginning in September 2024, we expect a majority of our future originations to qualify for the domestic content bonus credits and some of our inventory is not compatible with that directive. While we could use the equipment on loans, we do not expect sufficient loan origination volume to utilize all inventory, which resulted in a 6.9 million write-down in the third quarter of 2024. While we are not abandoning the inventory and will look for ways to realize value, at this juncture, we believe a full impairment is appropriate. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 General and Administrative Expense 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) Payroll and employee related expense 55,994 49,175 6,819 14 Legal, insurance, office and business travel costs 
 10,821 9,474 1,347 14 Consultants, contractors and professional fees 
 10,596 10,043 553 6 Amortization expense 
 7,620 7,416 204 3 Software and business technology expense 
 8,413 7,271 1,142 16 Depreciation expense not related to solar energy systems and energy storage systems 
 10,498 6,339 4,159 66 Marketing expense 
 799 4,634 (3,835) (83) Sales, franchise, other taxes and bank fees 
 3,071 2,948 123 4 ARO accretion expense 
 1,724 1,258 466 37 Other 
 1,142 1,784 (642) (36) Total 
 110,678 100,342 10,336 10 
 
 General and administrative expense increased by 10.3 million (+10 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, which is reflective of our commitment to proactively expand our platform to serve a consistently growing base of customers and other stakeholders. Payroll and employee related expenses increased by 6.8 million (+14 primarily due to the additional employees we hired to serve our growing customer base. Total head count increased 9 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 positioning us to scale our costs in future periods when we expect we can reduce the expense on a per-system basis. Payroll and employee-related expenses for employees not related to the operations and maintenance work for our customers increased by 8.9 million (+26 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Legal, insurance, office and business travel costs increased by 1.3 million (+14 and consultants, contractors and professional fees increased by 0.6 million (+6 both due to the growth in our customers. Depreciation expense not related to solar energy systems and energy storage systems increased by 4.2 million (+66 primarily related to our software and business technology projects, for which depreciation on those assets increased by 4.0 million (+70 primarily due to an additional 52.9 million of capitalized software and business technology projects being placed in service during the prior twelve months. 
 
 Provision for Current Expected Credit Losses and Other Bad Debt Expense 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) Provision for current expected credit losses and other bad debt expense 
 22,646 11,203 11,443 102 
 
 Provision for current expected credit losses increased by 11.4 million (+102 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to our quarterly reassessment of our reserves for current expected credit losses that required we revise it based on the observed performance under our new underwriting and in-service operational policies. 
 
 Other Operating Income 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) Other operating income (2,812) (9,051) 6,239 (69) 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Other operating income decreased by 6.2 million (-69 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to changes in the fair value of certain financial instruments and contingent consideration of 6.8 million. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) Interest expense, net 182,528 57,601 124,927 217 
 
 Interest expense, net increased by 124.9 million (+217 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to increases in unrealized loss on derivatives of 84.9 million and interest expense of 31.2 million. Interest expense increased due to higher levels of average debt outstanding in the three months ended September 30, 2024 by 1.4 billion (+21 compared to the same period in 2023 and an increase in the weighted average interest rates by 0.49 (+10 ). 
 
 Interest Income 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands except weighted average number of 
 systems and per weighted average system amounts) 
 Loan interest income 
 33,136 26,760 6,376 24 Weighted average number of systems with loan agreements, including accessory loans 
 108,000 133,300 (25,300) (19) Per weighted average system 307 201 106 53 
 
 Interest income increased by 8.0 million (+26 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to an increase in interest income from our loan agreements of 6.4 million (+24 ). The weighted average number of systems with loan agreements, including accessory loans, decreased from approximately 133,300 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to approximately 108,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease was primarily due to the sales of certain accessory loans and home improvement loans during the second quarter of 2024, which had smaller principal balances. On a weighted average number of systems basis, loan interest income increased from 201 per system for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 307 per system for the three months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to the sale of certain accessory loans during the second and third quarters of 2024, which generate less interest income than non-accessory loans. 
 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 
 Income tax benefit increased by 36.8 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to ITC sales that resulted in an income tax benefit and income tax benefit related to estimated future sales of ITCs for the current year. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 Net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests changed by 34.4 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests from tax equity funds added in 2022, 2023 and 2024. In addition to the net income (loss) attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests, accumulated deficit is decreasing and total stockholders' equity is increasing as a result of the equity in subsidiaries attributable to parent. This is a result of solar energy systems being sold to the tax equity partnerships at fair market value, which exceeds the cost reflected in the solar energy systems on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Results of Operations Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 The following table sets forth our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations data for the periods indicated. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) Revenue: 
 Customer agreements and incentives 
 404,348 282,848 121,500 43 Solar energy system and product sales 
 211,447 243,623 (32,176) (13) Total revenue 
 615,795 526,471 89,324 17 Operating expense: Cost of revenue customer agreements and incentives 
 155,064 105,956 49,108 46 Cost of revenue solar energy system and product sales 
 183,111 196,921 (13,810) (7) Operations and maintenance 89,811 59,306 30,505 51 General and administrative 339,692 279,105 60,587 22 Provision for current expected credit losses and other bad debt expense 
 21,738 35,085 (13,347) (38) Other operating (income) expense 
 22,016 (3,134) 25,150 N/M Total operating expense, net 811,432 673,239 138,193 21 Operating loss 
 (195,637) (146,768) (48,869) 33 Interest expense, net 388,642 200,155 188,487 94 Interest income (109,656) (81,670) (27,986) 34 Other expense 
 4,882 3,969 913 23 Loss before income tax 
 (479,505) (269,222) (210,283) 78 Income tax benefit 
 (159,413) (1,632) (157,781) N/M Net loss 
 (320,092) (267,590) (52,502) 20 Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests 
 (94,490) (37,269) (57,221) 154 Net loss attributable to stockholders 
 (225,602) (230,321) 4,719 (2) 
 __________________ 
 N/M not meaningful 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Revenue 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 
 (in thousands) PPA revenue 141,752 99,201 42,551 43 Lease revenue 170,548 103,468 67,080 65 SREC revenue 42,844 38,982 3,862 10 Loan revenue 
 35,651 24,538 11,113 45 Service revenue 8,794 12,247 (3,453) (28) Other revenue 
 4,759 4,412 347 8 Customer agreements and incentives 
 404,348 282,848 121,500 43 Inventory sales revenue 
 81,912 137,761 (55,849) (41) Cash sales revenue 
 93,523 62,827 30,696 49 Direct sales revenue 
 36,012 43,035 (7,023) (16) Solar energy system and product sales 211,447 243,623 (32,176) (13) Total 615,795 526,471 89,324 17 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands except weighted average number of systems and per weighted average system amounts) PPA and lease revenue 312,300 202,669 109,631 54 Weighted average number of PPA and lease systems 222,300 161,000 61,300 38 Per weighted average system 1,405 1,259 146 12 Revenue under our loan agreements 35,651 24,538 11,113 45 Weighted average number of systems with loan agreements 102,000 82,700 19,300 23 Per weighted average system 350 297 53 18 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands except number of customers and per customer amounts) Cash sales revenue 93,523 62,827 30,696 49 Number of cash sales customers 5,000 4,100 900 22 Per customer 18,705 15,324 3,381 22 
 
 Customer Agreements and Incentives . Customer agreements and incentives, which is core to our business operations, increased by 121.5 million (+43 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in the number of solar energy systems in service. The fluctuations in revenue per weighted average system are affected by (a) market factors, (b) weather seasonality, (c) system sizes and (d) whether the systems include storage. PPA and lease revenue are generated from the solar energy systems and energy storage systems we own. The weighted average number of PPA and lease systems increased from 161,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 222,300 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (+38 ). PPA and lease revenue, on a weighted average number of systems basis, increased from 1,259 per system for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 1,405 per system for the same period in 2024 (+12 primarily due to slightly larger average system sizes and higher battery attachment rates, which increased from 27 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 32 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 SREC revenue increased by 3.9 million (+10 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in SREC volume in Massachusetts, resulting in an increase in revenue of 2.3 million, and an increase in SREC volume in Pennsylvania, resulting in an increase in revenue of 2.0 million, partially offset by a decrease in average SREC prices in New Jersey, resulting in a decrease in revenue of 0.9 million. The amount of SREC revenue recognized in each period is also affected by the total number of solar energy systems, weather seasonality and hedge and spot prices associated with the timing of the sale of SRECs. 
 
 Loan revenue increased by 11.1 million (+45 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in the number of systems with loan agreements. The weighted average number of systems with loan agreements increased from 82,700 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 102,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (+23 ). Loan revenue, on a weighted average number of systems basis, increased from 297 per system for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 350 per system for the same period in 2024 (+18 primarily due to an increase in higher priced products being placed in service. Service revenue decreased by 3.5 million (-28 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a decrease in the number of one-time transactions for repair services related to third-party solar energy systems. 
 
 Solar Energy System and Product Sales Revenue . Solar energy system and product sales revenue decreased by 32.2 million (-13 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to decreases in inventory sales revenue, which is non-core to our business operations, and direct sales revenue, partially offset by an increase in cash sales revenue that increased due to an increase in customers. Inventory sales revenue decreased by 55.8 million (-41 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to our strategic focus to shift away from buying inventory to resell to our dealers or other parties in order to focus on our core business of providing energy services to our customers. Direct sales revenue decreased by 7.0 million (-16 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a decrease in the number of direct sales battery loans installed and placed in service in 2024 when compared to the same period in 2023. This decrease is primarily due to a change to our in-service methodology in mid-2024 to require additional procedures; thus, these projects now take longer to be placed in service. Cash sales revenue increased by 30.7 million (+49 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in the number of cash sales customers. This increase in customers is primarily due to more cash sales of storage and solar systems in 2024 whereas only solar systems were sold in 2023. The number of cash sales customers increased from 4,100 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 5,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (+22 ). On a per customer basis, cash sales revenue increased from 15,324 per customer for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 18,705 per customer for the same period in 2024 (+22 primarily due to larger system sizes with more storage included and thus, higher revenue (and higher associated costs). 
 
 Cost of Revenue Customer Agreements and Incentives 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) Depreciation related to solar energy systems and energy storage systems 137,642 92,262 45,380 49 Cost of revenue related to service customers, loan agreements and underwriting costs for new customers and solar energy systems 17,422 13,694 3,728 27 Total 155,064 105,956 49,108 46 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands except weighted average number of systems and per weighted average system amounts) Depreciation related to solar energy systems and energy storage systems 137,642 92,262 45,380 49 Weighted average number of PPA and lease systems 222,300 161,000 61,300 38 Per weighted average system 619 573 46 8 
 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Cost of revenue customer agreements and incentives, which is core to our business operations, increased by 49.1 million (+46 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in depreciation related to solar energy systems and energy storage systems, which increased by 45.4 million (+49 ). This increase is aligned with the related revenue discussed above, which increased by 54 , and is primarily due to an increase in the weighted average number of PPA and lease systems from 161,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 222,300 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (+38 ). On a weighted average number of systems basis, depreciation related to solar energy systems and energy storage systems increased from 573 per system for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 619 per system for the same period in 2024 (+8 ). This overall increase is primarily due to a higher percentage of solar energy systems with storage and slightly larger average system sizes. 
 
 Cost of revenue related to service customers, loan agreements and underwriting costs (such as credit checks, title searches and the amortization of UCC filing costs) for new customers and solar energy systems increased by 3.7 million (+27 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in costs related to SRECs and loan agreements combined of 3.0 million. 
 
 Cost of Revenue Solar Energy System and Product Sales 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) Inventory sales costs 
 79,442 129,016 (49,574) (38) Cash sales costs 
 55,457 34,001 21,456 63 Direct sales costs 
 46,978 33,199 13,779 42 Underwriting and other costs 
 1,234 705 529 75 Total 183,111 196,921 (13,810) (7) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands except number of customers and per customer amounts) Cash sales costs 55,457 34,001 21,456 63 Number of cash sales customers 5,000 4,100 900 22 Per customer 11,091 8,293 2,798 34 
 
 Cost of revenue solar energy system and product sales decreased by 13.8 million (-7 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a decrease in inventory sales costs, which is non-core to our business operations, partially offset by increases in costs related to our core business, which includes cash sales costs that increased due to an increase in customers and direct sales costs. Inventory sales costs decreased by 49.6 million (-38 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to our strategic focus to shift away from buying inventory to resell to our dealers or other parties in order to focus on our core business of providing energy services to our customers. Cash sales costs increased by 21.5 million (+63 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in the number of cash sales customers. This increase in customers is primarily due to more cash sales of storage and solar systems in 2024 whereas only solar systems were sold in 2023. The number of cash sales customers increased from 4,100 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 5,000 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (+22 ). On a per customer basis, cash sales costs increased from 8,293 per customer for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 11,091 per customer for the same period in 2024 (+34 primarily due to larger system sizes with more storage included and thus, higher costs. Direct sales costs increased by 13.8 million (+42 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase is primarily due to an increase in solar energy systems and energy storage systems installed, which have a higher cost basis than the battery loans we principally sold in 2023. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Operations and Maintenance Expense 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) Maintenance and servicing of solar energy system and energy storage systems 
 24,031 22,743 1,288 6 Property insurance 
 10,528 7,861 2,667 34 Inventory physical count reconciliation adjustments 2,879 8,612 (5,733) (67) Advance of inventory to dealers, not recoverable 8,734 7,421 1,313 18 Inventory write down to net realizable value 7,389 6,073 1,316 22 Non-recoverable costs from terminated dealers 23,784 23,784 N/A Prepaid design and engineering costs, not recoverable 
 4,014 4,014 N/A Other impairments 
 6,301 2,824 3,477 123 Warranty and other operations and maintenance expense 
 2,151 3,772 (1,621) (43) Total 89,811 59,306 30,505 51 
 
 Operations and maintenance expense increased by 30.5 million (+51 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to charges recognized for non-recoverable costs from terminated dealers of 23.8 million. We recognized impairments on costs paid to certain terminated dealers for work-in-progress solar energy systems and energy storage systems that have cancelled or are estimated to cancel and are not expected to be recovered, along with unearned portions of exclusivity and bonus payments tied to such dealers, which we estimate are not recoverable. We may continue to incur charges of this nature. The increase is also due to (a) charges recognized for non-recoverable prepaid design and engineering costs of 4.0 million, (b) an increase in other impairments of 3.5 million and (c) an increase in property insurance costs of 2.7 million (+34 due to more assets to insure and an increase in overall premium costs. This increase is partially offset by a decrease in inventory-related impairments of 3.1 million. We consider the inventory-related impairments of 19.0 million and 22.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, to be non-core in nature and do not expect these types of impairments in the future to be as significant due to our shift in strategic focus in the latter half of 2023 to pivot away from buying inventory to resell in order to focus on our core business of providing energy services to our customers. In addition, beginning in September 2024, we expect a majority of our future originations to qualify for the domestic content bonus credits and some of our inventory is not compatible with that directive. While we could use the equipment on loans, we do not expect sufficient loan origination volume to utilize all inventory, which resulted in a 6.9 million write-down in the third quarter of 2024. While we are not abandoning the inventory and will look for ways to realize value, at this juncture, we believe a full impairment is appropriate. 
 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 General and Administrative Expense 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) Payroll and employee related expense 172,461 137,225 35,236 26 Legal, insurance, office and business travel costs 
 29,909 28,550 1,359 5 Consultants, contractors and professional fees 
 34,370 27,393 6,977 25 Amortization expense 
 22,726 22,112 614 3 Software and business technology expense 
 24,043 18,231 5,812 32 Depreciation expense not related to solar energy systems and energy storage systems 
 28,446 15,695 12,751 81 Marketing expense 
 8,947 11,523 (2,576) (22) Sales, franchise, other taxes and bank fees 
 7,365 6,772 593 9 ARO accretion expense 
 4,812 3,491 1,321 38 Other 
 6,613 8,113 (1,500) (18) Total 
 339,692 279,105 60,587 22 
 
 General and administrative expense increased by 60.6 million (+22 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which is reflective of our commitment to proactively expand our platform to serve a consistently growing base of customers and other stakeholders. Payroll and employee related expenses increased by 35.2 million (+26 primarily due to the additional employees we hired to serve our growing customer base and to perform maintenance services in-house rather than by third parties (which increased by 7.2 million, or 20 related to maintaining and servicing solar energy systems. We believe expanding our team in this area will position us to reduce third-party expense that supports our core business. Total head count increased 46 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 positioning us to scale our costs in future periods when we expect we can reduce the expense on a per-system basis. Payroll and employee-related expenses for employees not related to the operations and maintenance work for our customers increased by 28.0 million (+28 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Consultants, contractors and professional fees increased by 7.0 million (+25 ), software and business technology expense increased by 5.8 million (+32 ), and legal, insurance, office and business travel costs increased by 1.4 million (+5 all due to the growth in our customers. Depreciation expense not related to solar energy systems and energy storage systems increased by 12.8 million (+81 primarily related to our software and business technology projects, for which depreciation on those assets increased by 12.2 million (+88 primarily due to an additional 52.9 million of capitalized software and business technology projects being placed in service during the prior twelve months. 
 
 Provision for Current Expected Credit Losses and Other Bad Debt Expense 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) Provision for current expected credit losses and other bad debt expense 
 21,738 35,085 (13,347) (38) 
 
 The provision for current expected credit losses decreased by 13.3 million (-38 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a lower volume of loan originations in 2024 compared to 2023 and the sale of certain accessory loans in 2024. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Other Operating (Income) Expense 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 
 (in thousands) Other operating (income) expense 22,016 (3,134) 25,150 N/M 
 __________________ 
 N/M not meaningful 
 
 Other operating (income) expense changed by 25.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to a loss on sales of customer notes receivable of 43.4 million (which did not occur until the second quarter of 2024), partially offset by changes in the fair value of certain financial instruments and contingent consideration of 17.1 million. 
 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 
 (in thousands) Interest expense, net 388,642 200,155 188,487 94 
 
 Interest expense, net increased by 188.5 million (+94 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to increases in (a) interest expense of 111.0 million primarily due to higher levels of average debt outstanding in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 by 1.8 billion (+28 compared to the same period in 2023 and an increase in the weighted average interest rates by 0.79 (+17 ), (b) unrealized loss on derivatives of 72.0 million, (c) amortization of deferred financing costs of 10.8 million and (d) amortization of debt discounts of 8.4 million, partially offset by an increase in realized gains on derivatives of 18.3 million. 
 
 Interest Income 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands except weighted average number of systems and per weighted average system amounts) Loan interest income 94,727 69,950 24,777 35 Weighted average number of systems with loan agreements, including accessory loans 135,200 110,500 24,700 22 Per weighted average system 701 633 68 11 
 
 Interest income increased by 28.0 million (+34 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to an increase in interest income from our loan agreements of 24.8 million (+35 ). The weighted average number of systems with loan agreements, including accessory loans, increased from approximately 110,500 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to approximately 135,200 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. On a weighted average number of systems basis, loan interest income increased from 633 per system for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 701 per system for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to the sale of certain accessory loans during the second and third quarters of 2024, which generate less interest income than non-accessory loans. 
 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 
 Income tax benefit increased by 157.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to ITC sales that resulted in an income tax benefit and income tax benefit related to estimated future sales of ITCs for the current year. 
 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Net Loss Attributable to Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests and Noncontrolling Interests 
 
 Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests increased by 57.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to an increase in loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests from tax equity funds added in 2022, 2023 and 2024. In addition to the net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests, accumulated deficit is decreasing and total stockholders' equity is increasing as a result of the equity in subsidiaries attributable to parent. This is a result of solar energy systems being sold to the tax equity partnerships at fair market value, which exceeds the cost reflected in the solar energy systems on the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had total cash of 473.9 million, of which 208.9 million was unrestricted, and 1.0 billion of available borrowing capacity under our various debt financing arrangements. As of September 30, 2024, we also had undrawn committed capital of approximately 221.9 million under our tax equity funds, which may only be used to purchase and install solar energy systems. The borrowing capacity under our current financing arrangements can be used to support the origination of certain product types (e.g. loan-focused debt financings or lease-focused tax equity, tax credit sales and related debt financing), but they are not typically available for general corporate purposes. Additionally, cash flows from collateral of our non-recourse financing arrangements are typically only available for general corporate purposes after satisfying the current obligations of, or as service fees we receive from, the applicable special purpose subsidiary. 
 
 We seek to maintain diversified and cost-effective funding sources to finance and maintain our operations, fund capital expenditures, including customer acquisitions, and satisfy obligations arising from our indebtedness, which may include reducing debt prior to scheduled maturities through debt repurchases, either in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions, through debt redemptions or tender offers, or through repayments of bank borrowings. For a discussion of cash requirements from contractual and other obligations, see Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies, to our interim financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Historically, our primary sources of liquidity have been tax equity, recourse debt (including unsecured notes, convertible notes, loans and certain other financing arrangements), non-recourse debt (including warehouse facilities, other credit facilities and investor asset-backed and loan-backed securitizations) and cash generated from operations. Recent guidance from the U.S. Treasury that enables enhanced values of Section 48(a) ITCs based on bonus credits for domestic content, system location and other factors has enabled us to access significant additional tax equity and related capital, with the potential for future guidance, equipment supply and investor acceptance to further increase our access to capital. However, the continued availability of these bonus credits and related capital on acceptable terms or at all depends on a variety of factors and risks described elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and the loss or reduction of any bonus credits or additional capital could have a material adverse effect on our liquidity. 
 
 Our business model requires substantial outside financing arrangements to grow the business, facilitate the deployment of additional solar energy systems and fund our operations. However, in order to grow and fund our operations, we will continue to be dependent on financing from outside parties. If financing is not available to us on acceptable terms if and when needed, we may be required to reduce planned spending, which could have a material adverse effect on our operations. While there can be no assurances, we will seek to raise additional required capital, including from new and existing tax equity investors and tax credit purchasers, additional borrowings, securitizations, other potential debt and equity financing sources, forward-flow arrangements and other loan sales. Our ability to obtain additional sources of funding depends on our future financial position, results of operations and credit ratings, which are subject to general conditions in or affecting our industry and our customers and to general economic, political, competitive, legislative, regulatory and other financial and business factors, some of which are beyond our control. We believe our cash and financing arrangements, as further described below (including anticipated extensions or refinancings of certain credit facilities), will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for at least the next twelve months. We believe we will meet longer-term expected future cash requirements and obligations through a combination of cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances, available credit via our credit facilities and various financing arrangements as noted below. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all debt covenants under our financing arrangements. 
 
 Financing Arrangements 
 
 The following is an update to the description of our various financing arrangements. See " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Financing Arrangements " in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2024 for a full description of our various financing arrangements. 
 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Tax Equity Fund Commitments 
 
 In February 2024, we admitted a tax equity investor with a total capital commitment of 195.0 million and a tax equity investor increased its capital commitment from approximately 59.0 million to approximately 61.4 million. In February 2024, a tax equity investor increased its capital commitment from approximately 134.9 million to approximately 190.8 million. In March 2024, a tax equity investor increased its capital commitment from 51.0 million to approximately 51.2 million. In May 2024, we admitted a tax equity investor with a total capital commitment of approximately 250.0 million. In May 2024, a tax equity investor increased its capital commitment from 125.0 million to approximately 132.1 million. In August 2024, four tax equity investors increased their capital commitment from approximately 338.5 million to approximately 362.3 million. In August 2024, we admitted a tax equity investor with a total capital commitment of approximately 152.1 million. In September 2024, a tax equity investor increased its capital commitment from approximately 75.0 million to approximately 79.6 million. In October 2024, we admitted a tax equity investor with a total capital commitment of approximately 95.0 million. 
 
 Warehouse and Other Debt Financings 
 
 In February 2024, we amended the revolving credit facility by and among Sunnova EZ-Own Portfolio, LLC ("EZOP"), certain of our other subsidiaries party thereto, Atlas Securitized Products Holdings, L.P., as administrative agent, and the lenders and other financial institutions party thereto, to, among other things, (a) reflect certain assignments of commitments occurring within the Atlas Lender Group (as defined by such revolving credit facility) without increasing the existing commitments, and the assignment of the role of the Atlas funding agent for the Atlas Lender Group, (b) amend the thresholds for certain "Amortization Events" (as defined by such revolving credit facility) and (c) modify the "Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance" (as defined by such revolving credit facility). In March 2024, we amended the EZOP revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) amend the Advance Rate, Excess Concentration Amount (in each case, as defined by such revolving credit facility) and certain related definitions and (b) amend the eligibility criteria for the Solar Loans (as defined by such revolving credit facility). In June 2024, we amended the EZOP revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) reflect the exit of the RBC Committed Lender, RBC Conduit Lender and RBC Funding Agent (each as defined by such revolving credit facility) from the facility and (b) reflect the joinder of Royal Bank of Canada as a Committed Lender and Funding Agent (each as defined by such revolving credit facility) and the establishment of a new Royal Bank of Canada Lender Group (as defined by such revolving credit facility). We currently do not have the resources to repay this facility when it becomes due in November 2025, though we believe we will be able to satisfy this obligation through an amendment and an extension of the maturity date of the facility or through a refinancing of the facility as is customary for these types of revolving credit facilities. Although we believe it is probable we will amend and extend or refinance this facility, there can be no assurance about our ability to do so on terms favorable to us or at all. 
 
 In February 2024, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, reflect an assignment of commitments occurring within the Atlas Lender Group (as defined by such revolving credit facility) without increasing the existing commitments and the appointment of a new Atlas funding agent for the Atlas Lender Group. In April 2024, additional lenders joined the TEPH revolving credit facility and the aggregate commitment amount was increased from 1.3 billion to 1.4 billion. In August 2024, we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, modify certain eligibility criteria to allow for energy community, domestic content and low-income community tax credit bonuses. In October 2024,we amended the TEPH revolving credit facility to, among other things, (a) extend the maturity date from November 2025 to August 2026, (b) extend the date upon which lender commitments terminate (and no further advances are permitted under the TEPH revolving credit facility) from May 2024 to May 2025, (c) require us to maintain a specified minimum working capital amount as of quarterly determination dates, (d) add certain events of default and (e) increase the aggregate commitment amount from 1.361 billion to 1.362 billion. See " Item 5. Other Information. Amendment to TEPH Credit Agreement " below. 
 
 In June 2024, we amended the credit facility by and among Sunnova Asset Portfolio 8, LLC ("AP8"), Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, as agent, and the lenders party thereto, to, among other things, extend the maturity date from September 2024 to October 2025. As a result of this amendment, (a) no further borrowings are permitted under the AP8 credit facility and (b) no distributions of cash are permitted without the consent of the agent thereunder. We currently do not have the resources to repay this facility when it becomes due in October 2025, though we believe we will be able to satisfy this obligation through a refinancing of the facility by means of a new facility or securitization. Although we believe it is probable we will refinance this facility, there can be no assurance about our ability to do so on terms favorable to us or at all. 
 
 In April 2024, we amended the revolving credit facility by and among Sunnova Inventory Supply, LLC, Texas Capital Bank, as agent and lender, and the lenders party thereto, to, among other things, (a) change the date on which payments are made to borrower from the collections account from monthly to weekly and (b) increase the applicable margin by 0.75 which results in a revised margin of (i) 3.25 for term SOFR loans and (ii) 2.25 for base rate loans. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 In October 2024, we voluntarily terminated the AP9 revolving credit facility. At the time of termination, no loans were outstanding under the AP9 revolving credit facility. Upon termination, all outstanding obligations under the AP9 revolving credit facility were paid in full and all hedging agreements permitted by the AP9 revolving credit facility were settled. 
 
 Securitizations 
 
 In February 2024, one of our subsidiaries issued 194.5 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-1 Class A solar asset-backed notes, 16.5 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-1 Class B solar asset-backed notes and 15.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-1 Class C solar asset-backed notes (collectively, the "SOLVI Notes") with a maturity date of January 2059. The SOLVI Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 5.65 , 7.00 and 9.00 for the Class A, Class B and Class C notes, respectively. 
 
 In February 2024, one of our subsidiaries issued 166.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-A Class A solar loan-backed notes, 33.9 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-A Class B solar loan-backed notes and 27.1 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-A Class C solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELXIII Notes") with a maturity date of February 2051. The HELXIII Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 5.30 , 6.00 and 7.00 for the Class A, Class B and Class C notes, respectively. 
 
 In June 2024, one of our subsidiaries issued 152.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-GRID1 Class A solar loan-backed notes and 16.9 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-GRID1 Class B solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HESII Notes") with a maturity date of July 2051. The HESII Notes indirectly benefit from a partial guarantee provided by the U.S. Department of Energy ("DOE") Loan Programs Office. The HESII Notes are not directly guaranteed by the DOE. The HESII Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 5.63 and 9.50 for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively. 
 
 In June 2024, one of our subsidiaries issued 151.9 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-B Class A solar loan-backed notes, 54.4 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-B Class B solar loan-backed notes and 24.6 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-B Class C solar loan-backed notes (collectively, the "HELXIV Notes") with a maturity date of May 2051. The HELXIV Notes bear interest at an annual rate of 6.15 , 7.00 and 8.00 for the Class A, Class B and Class C notes, respectively. 
 
 In August 2024, one of our subsidiaries issued 308.5 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-2 Class A solar asset-backed notes and 11.7 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-2 Class B solar asset-backed notes with a maturity date of July 2059. The SOLVII Notes bear interest at an annual rate equal to 6.58 and 9.00 for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively. 
 
 In October 2024, one of our subsidiaries issued 295.2 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-3 Class A solar asset-backed notes and 12.9 million in aggregate principal amount of Series 2024-3 Class B solar asset-backed notes with a maturity date of July 2059. The SOLVIII Notes bear interest at an annual rate equal to 6.45 and 8.78 for the Class A and Class B notes, respectively. 

Historical Cash Flows Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) Net cash used in operating activities 
 (239,981) (194,791) (45,190) 23 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (1,352,720) (1,891,769) 539,049 (28) Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,572,224 2,266,053 (693,829) (31) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (20,477) 179,493 (199,970) (111) 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities increased by 45.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase is primarily due to an increase in cash paid for inventory of 101.3 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 million, partially offset by an increase in net cash received for derivative origination and breakage fees of 62.6 million. This increase is partially offset by net inflows of 46.2 million in 2024 compared to net outflows of 78.3 million in 2023 based on: (a) our net loss of 320.1 million in 2024 excluding non-cash operating items of 366.3 million, primarily from depreciation, impairments and losses on disposals, amortization of intangible assets, amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts, non-cash direct sales revenue, provision for current expected credit losses and other bad debt expense, unrealized net losses on derivatives, unrealized net gains on fair value instruments and equity securities, losses on sales of customer notes receivable and equity-based compensation charges, which results in net inflows of 46.2 million and (b) our net loss of 267.6 million in 2023 excluding non-cash operating items of 189.3 million, primarily from depreciation, impairments and losses on disposals, amortization of intangible assets, amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discounts, non-cash direct sales revenue, provision for current expected credit losses and other bad debt expense, unrealized net gains on derivatives, unrealized net losses on fair value instruments and equity securities and equity-based compensation charges, which results in net outflows of 78.3 million. These net differences between the two periods resulted in a net change in operating cash flows of 124.5 million in 2024 compared to 2023. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities decreased by 539.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease is primarily due to a decrease in payments for investments and customer notes receivable of 447.1 million, an increase in proceeds from sales of customer notes receivable of 65.9 million and an increase in proceeds from customer notes receivable of 39.6 million. This decrease is partially offset by an increase in purchases of property and equipment, primarily solar energy systems, of 14.0 million. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities decreased by 693.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease is primarily due to a decrease in net borrowings under our debt facilities of 1.1 billion and a decrease in net proceeds from the issuance of common stock of 83.2 million. This decrease is partially offset by increases in proceeds from sales of investment tax credits of 311.4 million and net contributions from our redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests of 119.5 million. 

Key Operational Metrics 
 
 We regularly review a number of metrics, including the following key operational and financial metrics, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends affecting our business, formulate our financial projections and make strategic decisions. 
 
 Number of Customers . We define number of customers to include every unique premises on which a Sunnova product or Sunnova-financed product is installed or on which Sunnova is obligated to perform services for a counterparty. We track the total number of customers as an indicator of our historical growth and our rate of growth from period to period. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 As of December 31, 2023 Change Number of customers 422,700 419,200 3,500 
 
 Weighted Average Number of Systems. We calculate the weighted average number of systems based on the number of months a customer and any additional service obligation related to a solar energy system is in-service during a given measurement period. The weighted average number of systems reflects the number of systems at the beginning of a period, plus the total number of new systems added in the period adjusted by a factor that accounts for the partial period nature of those new systems. For purposes of this calculation, we assume all new systems added during a month were added in the middle of that month. The number of systems for any end of period will exceed the number of customers, as defined above, for that same end of period as we are also including any additional services and/or contracts a customer or third party executed for the additional work for the same residence or business. We track the weighted average system count in order to accurately reflect the contribution of the appropriate number of systems to key financial metrics over the measurement period. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Weighted average number of systems, excluding loan agreements and cash sales 
 290,900 225,200 274,400 210,900 Weighted average number of systems with loan agreements plus accessory loans 
 108,000 133,300 135,200 110,500 Weighted average number of systems with cash sales 16,700 10,000 15,200 8,600 Weighted average number of systems 415,600 368,500 424,800 330,000 

Seasonality 
 
 The amount of electricity our solar energy systems produce is dependent in part on the amount of sunlight, or irradiation, where the assets are located. Because shorter daylight hours in winter months and poor weather conditions due to cloud cover, rain or snow results in less irradiation, the output of solar energy systems will vary depending on the season or the year. While we expect seasonal variability to occur, the geographic diversity in our assets helps to mitigate our aggregate seasonal variability. 
 
 Our Easy Plan PPAs with variable billing, Solar 20/20 Plan Agreements and Fixed Rate Power Purchase Agreements are subject to seasonality because we sell all the solar energy system's energy output to the customer at either a fixed price per kWh or indexed, variable rate per kWh. Our Easy Plan PPAs with balanced billing are not subject to seasonality (from a cash flow perspective or the customer's perspective) within a given year because the customer's payments are levelized on an annualized basis, so we insulate the customer from monthly fluctuations in production. In addition, energy production true-ups and production estimate adjustments for Easy Plan PPAs with balanced billing are calculated over an entire year. However, our Easy Plan PPAs with balanced billing are subject to seasonality from a revenue recognition perspective because, similar to the Easy Plan PPAs with variable billing, we sell all the solar energy system's energy output to the customer. Our lease agreements are not subject to seasonality within a given year because we lease the solar energy system to the customer at a fixed monthly rate and the reference period for any production guarantee payments is a full year. Finally, our loan agreements are not subject to seasonality within a given year because the monthly installment payments for the financing of the customers' purchase of the solar energy system are fixed and the reference period for any production guarantee is a full year. 
 
 In addition, weather may impact our dealers' ability to install solar energy systems and energy storage systems. For example, the ability to install solar energy systems and energy storage systems during the winter months in the Northeastern U.S. is limited. This can impact the timing of when solar energy systems and energy storage systems can be installed and when we can acquire and begin to generate revenue from solar energy systems and energy storage systems. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based upon our interim financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, cash flows and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. In many instances, we could have reasonably used different accounting estimates, and in other instances, changes in the accounting estimates are reasonably likely to occur from period-to-period. Actual results may differ from these estimates. Our future financial statements will be affected to the extent our actual results materially differ from these estimates. For further information on our significant accounting policies, see Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2024 and Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, to our interim financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 We identify our most critical accounting policies as those that are the most pervasive and important to the portrayal of our financial position and results of operations, and that require the most difficult, subjective, and/or complex judgments by management regarding estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. We believe the assumptions and estimates associated with our principles of consolidation, the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed in acquisitions, the estimated useful life of our solar energy systems, the valuation of the removal assumptions, including costs, associated with AROs, the valuation of redeemable noncontrolling interests and noncontrolling interests and our allowance for current expected credit losses have the greatest subjectivity and impact on our interim financial statements. Therefore, we consider these to be our critical accounting policies and estimates. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, to our interim financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 
 We are exposed to various market risks in the ordinary course of our business. Market risk is the potential loss that may result from market changes associated with our business or with an existing or forecasted financial or commodity transaction. Our primary exposure includes changes in interest rates because certain borrowings bear interest at floating rates based on SOFR or a similar index plus a specified margin. We sometimes manage our interest rate exposure on floating-rate debt by entering into derivative instruments to hedge all or a portion of our interest rate exposure on certain debt facilities. We do not enter into any derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. Changes in economic conditions could result in higher interest rates, thereby increasing our interest expense and operating expenses and reducing funds available for capital investments, operations and other purposes. A hypothetical 10 increase in our interest rates on our variable-rate debt facilities would have increased our interest expense by 3.6 million and 11.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and our Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, pursuant to Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. In connection with that evaluation, our CEO and our CFO concluded our disclosure controls and procedures were effective and designed to provide reasonable assurance the information required to be disclosed is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms as of September 30, 2024, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. The term "disclosure controls and procedures", as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company's management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the third quarter of 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives as specified above. However, our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent or detect all error and fraud. Any control system, no matter how well designed and operated, is based upon certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that its objectives will be met. Further, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. 
 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 
 Although we may, from time to time, be involved in litigation, claims and government proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business, we are not a party to any litigation or governmental or other proceeding we believe will have a material adverse impact on our financial position, results of operations or liquidity. In the ordinary course of business, we have disputes with dealers and customers. In general, litigation claims or regulatory proceedings can be expensive and time consuming to bring or defend against, may result in the diversion of management attention and resources from our business and business goals and could result in settlement or damages that could significantly affect financial results and the conduct of our business. 
 
 On February 16, 2024, a purported stockholder class action was filed against us and certain of our current and former individual executives in the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division. On June 28, 2024, the court-appointed lead plaintiffs filed their first amended complaint on behalf of a class of persons who purchased our stock between July 25, 2019 and May 1, 2024, alleging certain statements made during the class period about our business, operations and compliance policies were false and misleading and we failed to disclose customer service complaints and alleged improper business practices. The lead plaintiffs seek an unspecified amount of damages. On August 6, 2024, we filed a motion to dismiss and are awaiting a decision from the court. We believe the lawsuit to be without merit. 
 
 On June 18, 20 and 21, 2024, three purported stockholders filed largely overlapping derivative complaints against us, certain of our current and former individual executives, our current directors and certain of our former directors in the Southern District of Texas, Houston Division. In August 2024, the lawsuits were consolidated into a single lawsuit and a consolidated complaint was filed on September 3, 2024. The consolidated complaint, in addition to naming additional defendants, generally asserts state-law claims for breach of fiduciary duty, unjust enrichment and other similar claims, as well as claims under Sections 10(b) and 14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, based on the largely same purported wrongdoing as in the putative securities class action suit. We believe the lawsuit to be without merit and intend to vigorously defend ourselves. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 
 We are supplementing the risk factors as previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2024, to add or update the following risk factors. There have been no material changes in the risks facing us as described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2024 and our Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on May 2, 2024 and August 1, 2024 except as described below. 

Risks Related to the Solar Industry 
 
 The solar energy industry is an emerging market which is constantly evolving and may not develop to the size or at the rate we expect. 
 
 The solar energy industry is an emerging and constantly evolving market opportunity. We believe the solar energy industry is still developing and maturing, and we cannot be certain the market will grow to the size or at the rate we expect. The growth and sustainability of the solar energy market and the success of our solar service offerings and operations depend on many factors beyond our control, including: 
 
 recognition and acceptance of the solar service market by consumers; 
 fluctuations in economic and market conditions that affect the viability of conventional and other renewable energy sources, such as increases or decreases in the prices of oil, gas and other fossil fuels; 
 the availability of favorable regulation for solar power and battery energy storage within the electric power industry and the broader energy industry; 
 the continuation and expansion of expected tax benefits and other government incentives; 
 increases in the cost or reduction in supply of solar energy system and energy storage system components due to tariffs or trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. government; 
 the availability and cost of capital to finance new solar and battery storage projects and working capital, including interest rates, risk premiums charged to solar industry borrowers, tax equity and tax credit purchases; 
 the success of other renewable energy technologies such as wind power, hydroelectric power, clean hydrogen, geothermal power and biomass fuel; 
 capital expenditures by end users of solar power and battery storage products and services; and 
 our ability to provide our solar service offerings cost effectively. 
 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 If the markets for solar energy and related financing sources do not develop to the size or at the rate we expect, our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 Solar energy has yet to achieve broad market acceptance and depends in part on continued support in the form of rebates, tax credits and other incentives from federal, state and local governments. Additionally, there have been significant changes in the residential solar policy and pricing framework in several markets, including California and Arizona, and proposed changes in other markets such as Puerto Rico. Further, if support diminishes materially for solar policy related to rebates, tax credits, bill crediting or other incentives, including interest in related financings by tax equity investors and financiers, our ability to obtain external financing on acceptable terms, or at all, could be materially adversely affected. These types of funding limitations could lead to inadequate financing support for our business. 
 
 Growth in residential solar energy depends in part on macroeconomic conditions, retail prices of electricity and customer preferences, each of which can change quickly. For example, recent interest rate increases and resulting loan financing costs have led to a shift in customer demand from solar loans to leases and PPAs, which in turn requires a shift by industry participants in required financing sources to support such originations from loan-focused debt financings to tax equity, tax credit sales and related debt financing. Although tax credit incentives exist under the IRA, competition for these forms of financing sources continues to increase and may not be available on terms or timing or in sufficient quantity to fund our growth or operations, and we may not be able to shift our financing sources quickly enough to use them. Similarly, declining macroeconomic conditions, including in job markets and residential real estate markets, could contribute to instability and uncertainty among customers and impact their financial wherewithal, credit scores or interest in entering into long-term contracts, even if such contracts would generate immediate and long-term savings. 
 
 Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions supporting the solar industry or the financial services industry generally, or similar events at companies in the solar industry or businesses that provide tax equity to or purchase tax credits from the solar industry, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems or challenges in the availability or cost of capital for the solar industry. 
 
 Any adverse changes in macroeconomic conditions, changes in the availability or cost of capital or solar energy system and energy storage system components, changes in retail prices of electricity, changes in regulatory condition or government incentives or changes in customer preferences would adversely impact our business. 
 
 Increases in the cost or reduction in supply of solar energy system and energy storage system components due to tariffs or trade restrictions imposed by the U.S. government could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 China is a major producer of solar cells and other solar products. Certain solar cells, modules, laminates and panels from China are subject to various U.S. anti-dumping and countervailing duty rates, depending on the exporter supplying the product, imposed by the U.S. government as a result of determinations that the U.S. was materially injured as a result of such imports being sold at less than fair value and subsidized by the Chinese government. While historically our dealers have endeavored to purchase these products from manufacturers outside of China, some of these products are purchased from manufacturers in China or from manufacturers in other jurisdictions who rely, in part, on products sourced in China. If alternative sources are no longer available on competitive terms in the future, we and our dealers may be required to purchase these products from manufacturers in China. In addition, tariffs on solar cells, modules and inverters in China may put upward pressure on prices of these products in other jurisdictions from which our dealers currently purchase equipment, which could reduce our ability to offer competitive pricing to potential customers. 
 
 The anti-dumping and countervailing duties discussed above are subject to annual review and may be increased or decreased. Furthermore, under Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974, the Office of the United States Trade Representative ("USTR") imposed tariffs on 200 billion worth of imports from China, including inverters and certain AC modules and non-lithium-ion batteries, effective September 2018. In May 2019, the tariffs were increased from 10 to 25 . In September 2024, the USTR announced tariffs would increase 50 for solar cells modules. These Section 301 tariffs may be raised by the USTR in the future. Since these tariffs impact the purchase price of the solar products, these tariffs raise the cost associated with purchasing these solar products from China and reduce the competitive pressure on providers of solar cells not subject to these tariffs. 
 
 In August 2021, an anonymous trade group filed a petition with the U.S. Department of Commerce (the "DOC") requesting an investigation into whether solar panels and cells imported from Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam are circumventing anti-dumping and countervailing duties imposed on solar products manufactured in China. The group also requested the imposition 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 of tariffs on such imports ranging from 50 - 250 . In November 2021, the DOC rejected the petition, citing the petitioners' ongoing anonymity as one of the reasons for its decision. In March 2022, the DOC announced it was initiating country-wide circumvention inquiries to determine whether imports of solar cell and modules produced in Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam that use components from China were circumventing anti-dumping and countervailing duty orders on solar cells and modules from China. The DOC's inquiries were initiated pursuant to a petition filed by Auxin Solar, Inc. in February 2022. 
 
 In December 2022, the DOC announced its preliminary determination in the investigation. In its determination, the DOC found that certain Chinese solar manufacturers circumvented U.S. import duties by routing some of their operations through Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam. Given the DOC preliminarily found that circumvention was occurring through each of the four Southeast Asian countries, the DOC made a "country-wide" circumvention finding, which designates each country as one through which solar cells and modules are being circumvented from China. However, companies in these countries will be permitted to certify they are not circumventing the U.S. import duties, in which case the circumvention findings may not apply. In August 2023, after completing its investigation, which included conducting in-person audits and gathering public comments, the DOC issued a final determination that affirmed its preliminary determination in most respects and found that five of eight manufacturers investigated were circumventing anti-dumping and countervailing duty orders. 
 
 Notably, however, in June 2022, the President of the United States issued an emergency declaration establishing a two-year tariff exemption on new tariffs for solar panels and cells imported from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam, delaying the possibility of the imposition of new anti-dumping and countervailing duties until the end of such two-year period. In September 2022, the DOC issued its final rule effectuating the two-year exemption period, and new dumping duties will not be imposed on solar panels and cells imported from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam until the earlier of two years after the date of the emergency declaration or when the emergency is terminated. Tariffs were reinstated in June 2024 following the exemption period, but under the DOC's rule, imports of solar cells and modules were not subject to retroactive tariffs during the exemption period. In December 2023, Auxin Solar and Concept Clean Energy commenced a new lawsuit challenging the DOC's authority to effect the exemption period and seeking to "reliquidate" imports completed during that period in order to retroactively apply anti-dumping and countervailing duty tariffs. In April 2024, a new rule, originally issued by the DOC in March 2024, went into effect. The new rule enhances the DOC's ability to enforce and administer anti-dumping and countervailing duty rules, including to consider cross-border subsidies in its calculations. Also in April 2024, a group of U.S. solar manufacturers filed new petitions seeking new anti-dumping and countervailing duties on solar components from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam. The addition of new anti-dumping and countervailing duties would significantly disrupt the supply of solar cells and modules to customers in the U.S., as a large percentage of solar cells and modules used in the U.S. are imported from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam. If imposed, these or similar tariffs could put upward pressure on prices of these solar products, which could reduce our ability to offer competitive pricing to potential customers. 
 
 In addition, in December 2021, the U.S. International Trade Commission recommended the President extend tariffs initially imposed in 2018 under Section 201 of the Trade Act of 1974 on imported crystalline silicon PV cells and modules for another four years, until 2026. Under Presidential Proclamation 10339, published in February 2022, President Biden extended the tariff beyond the scheduled expiration date in February 2022, with an initial tariff of 14.75 , which will gradually be reduced to 14 by the eighth year of the measure. Since such actions increase the cost of imported solar products, to the extent we or our dealers use imported solar products or domestic producers are able to raise their prices for their solar products, the overall cost of the solar energy systems will increase, which could inhibit our ability to offer competitive pricing in certain markets. 
 
 Additionally, the U.S. government has imposed various trade restrictions on Chinese entities determined to be acting contrary to U.S. foreign policy and national security interests. For example, the DOC's Bureau of Industry and Security has added a number of Chinese entities to its entity list for enabling human rights abuses in the Xinjiang Uyghur Autonomous Region ("XUAR") or for procuring U.S. technology to advance China's military modernization efforts, thereby imposing severe trade restrictions against these designated entities. Moreover, in June 2021, U.S. Customs and Border Protection issued a Withhold Release Order pursuant to Section 307 of the Tariff Act of 1930 barring the entry into U.S. commerce of silica-based products (such as polysilicon) manufactured by Hoshine Silicon Industry Co. Ltd. ("Hoshine") and related companies, as well as goods made using those products, based on allegations related to Hoshine labor practices in the XUAR to manufacture such products. Additionally, in December 2021, Congress passed the Uyghur Forced Labor Prevention Act, which, with limited exception, prohibits the importation of all goods or articles mined or produced in whole or in part in the XUAR, or goods or articles mined or produced by entities working with the XUAR government to recruit, transport or receive forced labor from the XUAR. Although we maintain policies and procedures designed to maintain compliance with all governmental laws and regulations, these and other similar trade restrictions that may be imposed against Chinese entities in the future may have the effect of restricting the global supply of, and raising prices for, polysilicon and solar products, which could increase the overall cost of solar energy systems and reduce our ability to offer competitive pricing in certain markets. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 We cannot predict what additional actions the U.S. may adopt with respect to tariffs or other trade regulations or what actions may be taken by other countries in retaliation for such measures. The tariffs described above, the adoption and expansion of trade restrictions, the occurrence of a trade war or other governmental action related to tariffs, trade agreements or related policies have the potential to adversely impact our supply chain and access to equipment, our costs and ability to economically serve certain markets. If additional measures are imposed or other negotiated outcomes occur, our ability or the ability of our dealers to purchase these products on competitive terms or to access specialized technologies from other countries could be further limited, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Our Financing Activities 
 
 We need to obtain substantial additional financing arrangements to provide working capital and growth capital. If financing is not available to us on acceptable terms when needed, our ability to continue to fund our operations, grow our business and satisfy our obligations would be materially adversely impacted. 
 
 Distributed solar power is a capital-intensive business that relies heavily on the availability of debt and equity financing sources to fund solar energy system purchase, design, engineering and other capital and operational expenditures. Our future success depends in part on our ability to raise capital from third-party investors and commercial sources, such as banks and other lenders, on competitive terms to help finance the deployment of our solar energy systems. We seek to minimize our cost of capital in order to improve profitability and maintain the price competitiveness of the electricity produced by, the payments for and the cost of our solar energy systems. We rely on access to capital, including through tax equity financing and indebtedness in the form of debt facilities, asset-backed securities and loan-backed securities, to cover the costs related to bringing our solar energy systems and energy storage systems in service, although our customers ultimately bear responsibility for those costs pursuant to our solar service agreements. 
 
 To meet the capital and liquidity needs of our business, we will need to obtain additional debt or equity financing from current and new investors. We have limited cash resources with which to operate our business and we may have difficulty in accessing financing on a timely basis or at all. The contract terms in certain of our existing investment fund documents contain various conditions with respect to our ability to draw on financing commitments from the fund investors, including conditions that restrict our ability to draw on such commitments if an event occurs that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the fund or, in some instances, us. If we are not able to satisfy such conditions due to events related to our business, a specific investment fund, developments in our industry, including tax or regulatory changes, or otherwise, and as a result, we are unable to draw on existing funding commitments, we could experience a material adverse effect on our business, liquidity, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any delays in accessing financing could have an adverse effect on our ability to pay our operational expenses, make capital expenditures and fund other general corporate purposes. Further, our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business may be limited and our vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry, regulatory and competitive conditions may be increased. 
 
 If any of our current debt or equity investors decide not to invest in us in the future for any reason, or decide to invest at levels inadequate to support our anticipated needs or materially change the terms under which they are willing to provide future financing, we will need to identify new investors and financial institutions to provide financing and negotiate new financing terms. In addition, our ability to obtain additional financing through the asset-backed securities market, loan-backed securities market or other debt markets is subject to our having sufficient assets eligible for securitization as well as our ability to obtain appropriate credit ratings. If we are unable to raise additional capital in a timely manner, our credit ratings are downgraded or we are unable to obtain appropriate credit ratings on new debt, our ability to meet our capital needs and fund future growth and profitability may be limited. 
 
 Delays in obtaining financing could cause delays in expansion in existing markets or entering into new markets and hiring additional personnel. Any future delays in capital raising could similarly cause us to delay deployment of a substantial number of solar energy systems for which we have signed solar service agreements with customers. Our future ability to obtain additional financing depends on banks', other financing sources' and credit rating agencies' continued confidence in our business model and the renewable energy industry as a whole. It could also be impacted by the liquidity needs and credit ratings of such financing sources themselves. Additionally, we currently expect to reduce the pace at which we seek additional guarantees of certain of our indebtedness from the DOE due to a shift in customer demand from solar loans to leases and PPAs as well as technical reporting burdens on our dealers. We face intense competition from a variety of other companies, technologies and financing structures for such limited investment capital. If we are unable to continue to offer a competitive investment profile, we may lose access to these funds or they may only be available to us on terms less favorable than those received by our competitors. For example, if we experience higher customer default rates than we currently experience, it could be more difficult or costly to attract future financing. Any inability to secure financing could lead us to cancel planned installations, impair our ability to accept new customers or increase our borrowing costs, any of which could have a material adverse effect 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Further, because we must continue to comply with certain additional rules and requirements imposed by the DOE in connection with its loan guarantees, any material noncompliance may result in penalties that limit our ability to access capital. If we are unable to arrange new or alternative methods of financing on favorable terms, our business, liquidity, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 We enter into securitization structures, warehouse financings and other financings that may limit our ability to access the cash of our subsidiaries and include acceleration events that, if triggered, could adversely impact our financial condition. 
 
 Since April 2017 through September 30, 2024, we have pooled and transferred eligible solar energy systems, energy storage systems and the related asset receivables into 24 special purpose entities for securitizations, which sold solar asset-backed notes and solar loan-backed notes to institutional investors, the net proceeds of which were distributed to us. As of September 30, 2024, we currently have outstanding 33 tax equity funds and 6 warehouse credit facilities at special purpose entities. We intend to monetize additional solar energy systems, energy storage systems and other sustainable home products in the future through contributions to new special purposes entities for cash. Our securitizations, warehouses and tax equity financings typically require the cash flows from related customer contracts be paid into a secured collection account and only be available for general use after amounts on deposit in such accounts are first applied to satisfy the current obligations of the applicable special purpose entity. 
 
 There is a risk the institutional investors that have purchased the notes, loans or equity interests issued by these special purpose entities will be unwilling to make further investments at attractive prices. Although the creditors of these special purpose entities have no recourse to our other assets except as expressly set forth in the terms of the related securities, the special purpose entities are typically required to maintain some or all of the following: a liquidity reserve account, a reserve account for equipment replacements, as well as, in certain cases, reserve accounts to finance purchase option/withdrawal right exercises, storage system replacement or payment of liquidated damages, each of which are funded from initial deposits or cash flows to the levels specified therein. 
 
 The securitization structures, warehouse financings and other financings often include certain other features designed to protect investors. The primary feature relates to the availability and adequacy of cash flows in the pool of assets to meet contractual requirements, the insufficiency of which triggers an early repayment of the indebtedness. We refer to this as "early amortization", which may be based on, among other things, a debt service coverage ratio falling or remaining below certain levels or exceeding certain allowable thresholds for customer defaults or delinquencies. In the event of an early amortization, the applicable borrower or notes issuer would be required to repay the affected indebtedness using available collections received from the asset pool. However, the period of ultimate payment would be determined based on the amount and timing of collections received and, in limited circumstances, early amortization may be cured prior to full repayment. An early amortization event would impair our liquidity and may require us to utilize other available contingent liquidity or rely on alternative funding sources, which may not be available at the time. Certain of the securitizations, warehouse financings and other financings also contain a "cash trap" feature, which requires excess cash flow to be held in an account based on, among other things, a debt service coverage ratio falling or remaining below certain levels. If the cash trap conditions are not cured within a specified period, then the cash in the cash trap account must be applied to repay the indebtedness. If the cash trap conditions are timely cured, the cash is either released back to the borrower or used to repay the indebtedness at the borrower's option. The indentures of our securitizations also typically contain customary events of default for solar securitizations that may entitle the noteholders to take various actions, including the acceleration of amounts due and foreclosure on the issuer's assets. Any significant payments we may be required to make as a result of these arrangements could adversely affect our financial condition. See " Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Financing Arrangements ". 
 
 Servicing our existing debt requires a significant amount of cash. We may not have sufficient cash flow from our business to timely pay our interest and principal obligations and may be forced to take other actions to satisfy our payment obligations. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, our total indebtedness was approximately 8.2 billion and the available borrowing capacity under our credit facilities was 1.0 billion. Our ability to make scheduled payments of the principal of, to pay interest on or to refinance our indebtedness depends on our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive and other factors beyond our control. Our business may not generate cash flow from operations sufficient to service our debt and make necessary capital expenditures to operate our business. For example, we currently do not have the resources to repay the EZOP revolving credit facility or the AP8 credit facility when they become due in the third quarter of 2025. Although we believe we will be able to satisfy these obligations through either a refinancing of the facility or an amendment and extension, there can be no assurance about our ability to do so. Absent a refinancing or extension, a failure to pay the principal and interest on the credit facilities when due or prior to the delivery deadline for our audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 2024, would result in an event of default under our credit facilities that enables the requisite lenders to demand immediate payment, terminate any commitment to make further loans under the facility or exercise other remedies, such as imposing a cash trap, draw stop or early amortization or charging default interest, any of which may have a materially adverse effect on us. If the lenders were to demand immediate repayment, the non-recourse borrower would not have sufficient liquidity to meet its obligations when they come due and the lenders would be able to seek foreclosure of the collateral. 
 
 If we are unable to generate sufficient cash flows to timely pay our interest and principal obligations, we may be required to adopt one or more alternatives, such as slowing or ceasing the origination of new customer agreements, selling assets, restructuring debt or obtaining additional debt and equity capital on terms that may be onerous or highly dilutive. Our securitizations and warehouse financings are structured so cash flows generated by the pool of solar energy systems, energy storage systems, other sustainable home products and related customer agreements deposited in the related collection account are initially used to repay outstanding principal amounts and other obligations based on the priority of payments in the agreement. However, should these cash flows decrease below applicable thresholds or other triggering events occur, all excess cash flows from such asset pool must be applied to pay down the related indebtedness, which would reduce the cash available to otherwise fund our business. Our ability to timely repay or otherwise refinance our indebtedness will depend on the capital markets and our financial condition at such time. We may not be able to engage in any of these activities or engage in these activities on desirable terms, which could result in a default on our debt obligations. 
 
 Furthermore, we and our subsidiaries expect to incur additional debt in the future, subject to the restrictions contained in our debt instruments. Increases in our existing debt obligations would further heighten the debt related risk discussed above. In addition, we may not be able to enter into new debt instruments on acceptable terms or at all. If we were unable to satisfy financial covenants and other terms under existing or new instruments, or obtain waivers or forbearance from our lenders, or if we were unable to obtain refinancing or new financings for our working capital, equipment and other needs on acceptable terms if and when needed, our business would be adversely affected. 
 
 Volatility and continued increases in interest rates would raise our cost of capital and may adversely impact our business. 
 
 Due to recent increases in inflation, the U.S. Federal Reserve has raised its benchmark interest rates. Further increases in the federal benchmark rate could result in an increase in market interest rates, which may increase our interest expense under our variable-rate borrowings and the costs of refinancing existing indebtedness or obtaining new debt. For example, borrowings under our existing warehouse credit facilities accrue interest based on the Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") as a benchmark for establishing the rate of interest. Consequently, rising interest rates or continued higher interest rates will increase our cost of capital and may decrease the amount of capital available to us to fund our operations and finance deployment of new solar energy systems, energy storage systems and other sustainable home products. Our future success depends in part on our ability to raise capital from investors and obtain secured lending to help finance the deployment of our customer agreements. As a result, rising interest rates may have an adverse impact on our ability to offer attractive pricing on our customer agreements to our customers. If in the future we have a need for significant borrowings and interest rates increase or continue at high interest rates, that may increase the cost of the systems we purchase, which either would make those systems more expensive for customers, which is likely to reduce demand, or would lower our operating margins, or both. 
 
 The majority of our cash flows to date have been from solar service agreements monetized under various tax equity fund structures and secured lending arrangements. One of the components of this monetization is the present value of the payment streams from customers who enter into these long-term solar service agreements. If the rate of return required by capital providers, including debt providers, rises as a result of a rise in interest rates, it will reduce the present value of the customer payment stream and consequently reduce the total value derived from this type of monetization. Any measures we could take to mitigate the impact of rising interest rates on our ability to secure third-party financing could ultimately have an adverse impact on the value proposition we offer our customers or our profitability. 

Risks Related to Regulations 
 
 We rely on net metering and related policies to offer competitive pricing to our customers in most of our current markets and changes to net metering policies may significantly reduce demand for electricity from solar energy systems. 
 
 Net metering is one of several key policies that have enabled the growth of distributed generation solar energy systems in the U.S., providing significant value to certain qualifying residential and commercial customers for electricity generated by their solar energy systems but not directly consumed on-site. Net metering allows a homeowner or a business to pay the local electric utility for power usage net of production from the solar energy system or other distributed generation source. Homeowners or businesses receive a credit for the energy an interconnected solar energy system generates in excess of that needed by the home to offset energy purchases from the centralized utility made at times when the solar energy system is not 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 generating sufficient energy to meet the customer's demand. In many markets, this credit is equal to the retail rate for electricity and in other markets, such as Hawaii and Nevada, the rate is less than the retail rate and may be set, for example, as a percentage of the retail rate or based upon a valuation of the excess electricity. In some states and utility territories, customers are also reimbursed by the centralized electric utility for net excess generation on a periodic basis. 
 
 Net metering programs have been subject to legislative and regulatory scrutiny in some states and territories including, but not limited to, California, New Jersey, Arizona, Nevada, Connecticut, Florida, Maine, Kentucky, Puerto Rico and Guam. These jurisdictions, by statute, regulation, administrative order or a combination thereof, have recently adopted or are considering new restrictions and additional changes to net metering programs either on a state-wide basis or within specific utility territories. Many of these measures were introduced and supported by centralized electric utilities. These measures vary by jurisdiction and may include a reduction in the rates or value of the credits customers are paid or receive for the power they deliver back to the electrical grid, caps or limits on the aggregate installed capacity of generation in a state or utility territory eligible for net metering, expiration dates for and phasing out of net metering programs, replacement of net metering programs with alternative programs that may provide less compensation and limits on the capacity size of individual distributed generation systems that can qualify for net metering. Net metering and related policies concerning distributed generation also received attention from federal legislators and regulators. 
 
 In California, the California Public Utilities Commission (the "CPUC") issued an order in 2016 retaining retail-based net metering credits for residential customers of California's major utilities as part of Net Energy Metering 2.0 ("NEM 2.0"). Under NEM 2.0, new distributed generation customers receive the retail rate for electricity exported to the grid, less certain non-bypassable fees. Customers under NEM 2.0 also are subject to interconnection charges and time of-use rates. Existing customers who receive service under the prior net metering program, as well as new customers under the NEM 2.0 program, currently are permitted to remain covered by them on a legacy basis for a period of 20 years. In December 2022, the CPUC's Net Energy Metering 3.0 ("NEM 3.0") order reduced the value of net metering credits from the retail rate to an avoided cost rate for new customers not covered by the legacy NEM 2.0 program. While NEM 3.0 is currently under judicial review, it remains in effect. Proceedings on distributed energy policy and utility rates before the CPUC or legislation concerning these matters could also result in changes that affect customers with distributed generation systems. 
 
 In New Jersey, the Board of Public Utilities has the option under state law of limiting participation in the retail rate net metering program if the aggregate capacity of owned and operating systems reaches 5.8 of total annual kWh sold in the state. As of December 31, 2023, that threshold had not yet been reached. In October 2023, the Arizona Corporation Commission voted to reopen the proceeding that set the level of net metering credits. The value of credits, the current schedule for the step-down of the credit value over time and the length of the period during which the value of credits are locked in for customers may all be subject to review. No final action has been taken at this stage. 
 
 In Puerto Rico, legislation enacted in January 2024 known as Act 10 extended net metering policies through 2031, absent further regulatory action. In July 2024, the Puerto Rico Financial Oversight and Management Board ("FOMB") filed a lawsuit to invalidate Act 10, advocating the Act was a legislative overreach on the political independence of the Puerto Rico Energy Bureau ("PREB"), as well as highlighting the need for the study of proper policy decisions. Subsequently, the PREB completed a study on net metering it may use in future cost-shifting arguments and regulatory action in favor of devaluing Puerto Rico net metering. Based on the historical record, we believe the FOMB will likely prevail in invalidating Act 10. Nevertheless, without the completion of the PREPA bankruptcy (as defined below) and without further action by PREB, the landscape remains uncertain with respect to any immediate changes to net metering in Puerto Rico. 
 
 Net metering customers in Puerto Rico may be impacted by transition charges and other requirements contemplated in a restructuring agreement between the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority ("PREPA") and its creditors, currently pending before the U.S. District Court for the District of Puerto Rico in bankruptcy-like proceedings under Title III of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act. Nevertheless, that matter has not been finally adjudicated by the Title III Court and creditors could appeal any final judgement. In recent court filings, the Title III Court has extended mediation efforts until November 13th and rescheduled a hearing on a motion from certain creditors to name a Trustee over PREPA to December 11th. However, the PREPA bankruptcy is ongoing and its ultimate effects on net metering in Puerto Rico are currently unknown. 
 
 In Guam, the Consolidated Commission on Utilities adopted a resolution in 2018 recommending retail rate net metering for customers of the Guam Power Authority be replaced with a "buy all/sell all" or similar program that provides for compensation to homeowners at a lower, avoided cost rate. In other jurisdictions, including Minnesota, Connecticut and parts of Texas, replacing net metering with a "value of distributed energy", "feed-in", or "sell-all/ buy-all" tariff is also being considered or has been adopted. 
 
 75 

Table of Contents 

 Net metering and related policies concerning distributed generation have received attention from federal legislators and regulators and challenge by various stakeholders. For example, in April 2020, the New England Ratepayers Association petitioned the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission ("FERC") to declare its exclusive federal jurisdiction over distributed generation, including residential solar, and to establish new federal customer compensation rates for excess energy in lieu of state net metering programs. While the FERC rejected the petition on procedural grounds, further challenges to net metering based on federal law may occur. Changes in federal law, including those made by statute, regulation, rule or order, could negatively affect net metering or other related policies that otherwise promote and support solar energy and enhance the economic viability of distributed solar. 
 
 Additionally, distributed solar customers in certain jurisdictions may be subject to higher charges from centralized electric utilities than non-solar customers and such charges should be evaluated together with the net metering policies in place. If such charges are imposed, the cost savings associated with switching to solar energy may be significantly reduced and our ability to expand our portfolio of solar service agreements and related solar energy systems and energy storage systems and compete with centralized electric utilities could be impacted. 
 
 Our business is subject to consumer protection laws. Such laws and regulatory enforcement policies and priorities are subject to change that may negatively impact our business. 
 
 We are subject to a constantly evolving consumer protection and consumer finance regulatory environment that is difficult to predict and may affect our business. We must comply with various international, federal, state, and local regulatory regimes, including those applicable to consumer credit transactions, leases, and marketing activities. These laws and regulations, including those applicable to consumer loans and their origination, are subject to change and modification by statute, administrative rules and orders, and judicial interpretation. As a result of infrequent or sparse interpretations, ambiguities in these laws and regulations may create uncertainty with respect to what type of conduct is permitted or restricted under such laws and regulations. Regulators, such as the Federal Trade Commission and the Consumer Financial Protection Board, as well as state attorney generals and agencies, also can initiate inquiries into market participants, which can lead to investigations and, ultimately, enforcement actions. For example, state attorneys general of several states have filed lawsuits against other solar financing companies alleging (among other claims) that certain so-called "upfront fees" related to loan financing were not properly disclosed to consumers. These lawsuits are at an early stage and we cannot predict their outcome or how, if any of them is adversely determined to the other solar financing companies, they will affect our practices. 
 
 The laws to which we may be subject to include federal and state laws that prohibit unfair, deceptive or abusive business acts or practices (such as the Federal Trade Commission Act and the Dodd-Frank Act), regulate lease and loan disclosures and terms and conditions (such as the Truth-in-Lending Act and the Consumer Leasing Act), prohibit discrimination (such as the Equal Credit Opportunity Act), and provide additional protections for certain customers in the military (such as the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act). Our business is or may also be subject to federal and state laws that regulate consumer credit report information, data privacy, debt collection, electronic fund transfers, service contracts, home improvement contracting and marketing activities (such as telemarketing, door-to-door sales, and e-mails). 
 
 While we have developed policies and procedures designed to assist in compliance with these laws and regulations, no assurance is given that our compliance policies and procedures will be effective. Failure to comply with these laws and with regulatory requirements applicable to our business could subject us to damages, revocation of licenses, class action lawsuits, administrative enforcement actions, civil and criminal liability, settlements, limits on offering certain products and services, changes in business practices, increased compliance costs, indemnification obligations to our capital providers, loan repurchase obligations and reputational damage that may harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our business currently depends in part on the availability of rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives. The expiration, elimination or reduction of these rebates, credits or incentives or our ability to monetize them could adversely impact our business. 
 
 Our business depends in part on current government policies that promote and support solar energy and enhance the economic viability of distributed solar. Revenues from SRECs constituted approximately 7 of our revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. U.S. federal, state and local governments established various incentives and financial mechanisms to reduce the cost of solar energy and to accelerate the adoption of solar energy. These incentives come in various forms, including rebates, tax credits and other financial incentives such as payments for renewable energy credits associated with renewable energy generation, exclusion of solar energy systems from property tax assessments or other taxes and system performance payments. However, these programs may expire on a particular date, end when the allocated funding is exhausted or be reduced or terminated as solar energy adoption rates increase. For example, New Jersey's SREC program closed in 2020 due to legislation requiring it be closed by the earlier of the share of electricity sold by the state's utilities 
 76 

Table of Contents 

 supplied by solar reaching 5.1 or June 2021. Following the close of the program in June 2020, customers became eligible for Transitional Renewable Energy Credits ("TRECs") under an interim transitional program replacing SRECs that provides for a lower level of revenue than the SREC program. In July 2021, the New Jersey Board of Public Utilities closed the TREC program effective August 27, 2021 and approved the long-term successor program to the TREC program, which is referred to as the Successor Solar Incentive Program ("SuSI"). Under the SuSI program, which became effective on August 28, 2021, residential facilities are eligible for the Solar Renewable Energy Certificate-II ("SREC-II") incentive. For net metered residential facilities, the SREC-II provides an administratively-determined fixed payment per megawatt hour that is guaranteed for 15 years, but is lower than the level revenue provided by the TREC program. The financial value of certain incentives decreases over time. The value of SRECs in a market tends to decrease over time as the supply of SREC producing solar energy systems installed in that market increases. If we overestimate the future value of these incentives, it could adversely impact our business, results of operations and financial results. 
 
 A loss or reduction in such incentives could decrease the attractiveness of new solar energy systems to customers, which could adversely impact our business and our access to capital. We also enter into economic hedges related to expected production of SRECs through forward contracts that require us to physically deliver the SRECs upon settlement. These arrangements may, depending on the instruments used and the level of additional hedges involved, limit any potential upside from SREC production increases. We may be exposed to potential economic loss should a counterparty be unable or unwilling to perform their obligations under the terms of a hedging agreement. In addition, we are exposed to risks related to changes in interest rates and may engage in hedging activities to mitigate related volatility. We may fail to properly hedge these SRECs or may fail to do so economically, which may also adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 The economics of purchasing a solar energy system and energy storage system are also improved by eligibility for accelerated depreciation, also known as the modified accelerated cost recovery system, which allows for the depreciation of equipment according to an accelerated schedule set forth by the IRS. This accelerated schedule allows a taxpayer, such as us and investors in tax equity financing arrangements, to recognize the depreciation of tangible solar property on a five-year basis even though the useful life of such property is generally greater than five years. We benefit from accelerated depreciation on the solar energy systems and energy storage systems we own. To the extent these policies are changed in a manner that reduces the incentives that benefit our business, we may experience reduced revenues and reduced economic returns, experience increased financing costs and encounter difficulty obtaining financing. 
 
 The federal government currently provides for the Section 48(a) ITC, the Section 48E ITC for eligible property that begins construction after 2024 and the Section 25D Credit. Under current law, the Section 48(a) ITC of the Code allows taxpayers to claim an investment tax credit that, depending on the location of a particular project, its size, its ability to satisfy certain labor and domestic content requirements and the category of consumers it serves, can range between 6 and 70 of the basis of certain commercially owned energy property, in each case construction of which begins before 2025. The Section 48E ITC percentage generally will be the same as the percentage for the Section 48(a) ITC. The Section 48E ITC percentage will begin to phase down for projects that began construction after (a) 2033 or (b) if later, the first year after the year in which the U.S. Treasury Department determines greenhouse gas emissions from the production of electricity in the U.S. are no more than 25 of 2022 levels. To be eligible for the Section 48(a) ITC or the Section 48E ITC at the 30 level, the eligible energy property must either (a) meet certain labor and apprenticeship requirements or (b) have a maximum net output of less than one megawatt (as measured in alternating current). Beginning in 2023, we are able to claim the Section 48(a) ITC or the Section 48E ITC, as applicable, for energy storage systems regardless of whether such systems are installed in conjunction with solar energy systems. We would be able to claim the Section 48(a) ITC or the Section 48E ITC, as applicable, when available for solar energy systems or energy storage systems we originate under lease agreements or PPAs based on our ownership of the solar energy system at the time it is placed in service. Additionally, the IRA allows for the transfer of ITCs, increasing opportunities to monetize the relevant credits. 
 
 The IRA also created several ITC "bonus credits" to further incentivize various types of solar and storage facilities. Under these new rules, the ITC may be increased by 10 percentage points if it has sufficient "domestic content", by 10 percentage points if it is located in an "energy community", and by 10 or 20 percentage points if it is located in a low-income community and receives an allocation from the Department of Treasury of a portion of the annual "environmental justice solar and wind capacity limitation". The U.S. Department of the Treasury is in various stages of issuing guidance on these ITC bonus credits, and it has issued multiple notices or other pieces of guidance for each bonus credit. Our ability to use the domestic content bonus credit will depend in part on the extent we can obtain the necessary information from our equipment suppliers, provide comfort to our financing partners and insurers that we have complied with the burdensome existing guidance, and comply with current and future guidance. 
 
 Section 25D of the Code allows an individual to claim a 30 federal tax credit with respect to a residential solar energy system and/or energy storage system that is owned by the homeowner. As a result, the Section 25D Credit is claimed by 
 77 

Table of Contents 

 customers who purchase solar energy systems and/or energy storage systems. This Section 25D Credit will remain at 30 through the end of 2032, reduce to 26 for 2033, reduce to 22 for 2034 and further reduce to 0 after 2034, unless it is extended before that time. The Section 25D Credit reduces the cost of consumer ownership of solar energy systems and/or energy storage systems, such as under the loan program. 
 
 The Section 48(a) ITC has been a significant driver of the financing supporting the adoption of residential solar energy systems in the U.S. and the Section 25D Credit has been a significant driver of consumer demand for ownership of solar energy systems. Any reduction in, or expiration of, these tax credits will likely impact the attractiveness of residential solar and could harm our business. For example, we expect the expiration of the Section 25D Credit will increase the cost of consumer ownership of solar energy systems, such as under the loan program. 
 
 Applicable authorities may adjust or decrease incentives from time to time or include provisions for minimum domestic content requirements or other requirements to qualify for these incentives. Reductions in, eliminations or expirations of or additional application requirements for governmental incentives could adversely impact our results of operations and ability to compete in our industry by increasing our cost of capital, causing distributed solar power companies to increase the prices of their energy and solar energy systems and reducing the size of our addressable market. In addition, this would adversely impact our ability to attract investment partners and lenders and our ability to expand our portfolio of solar service agreements and related solar energy systems and energy storage systems. 

General Risk Factors 
 
 The loss of one or more members of our senior management or key employees may adversely affect our ability to implement our strategy. 
 
 We depend on our experienced management team and the loss of one or more key executives could have a negative impact on our business. In particular, we are dependent on the services of our founder and CEO, William J. Berger. We also depend on our ability to retain and motivate key employees and attract qualified new employees. We have experienced recent changes to our finance organization, including the departure of our prior Chief Financial Officer and the hiring of our new Chief Financial Officer, which could adversely affect our ability to execute our business plan if not properly managed. None of our key executives are bound by employment agreements for any specific term. We may be unable to replace key members of our management team and key employees if we lose their services. Integrating new employees into our team could prove disruptive to our operations, require substantial resources and management attention and ultimately prove unsuccessful. An inability to attract and retain sufficient managerial personnel who have critical industry experience and relationships could limit or delay our strategic efforts, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 10b-5 Trading Plan 
 
 , , a (the "10b5-1 Plan") intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act. The 10b5-1 Plan, which commences on February 3, 2025, and ends on , authorizes an agent to sell such securities as are necessary to satisfy tax withholding obligations, commissions and any fees, arising exclusively from the vesting of up to restricted stock units. 
 
 78 

Table of Contents 

 Amendment to TEPH Credit Agreement 
 
 On October 28, 2024, TEPH entered into that certain Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (the "TEPH Amendment"), which, among other things, amends that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2023 (as previously amended, the "TEPH Credit Agreement"), by and among TEPH, as borrower, Sunnova TE Management, LLC, as facility administrator (the "Facility Administrator"), Atlas Securitized Products Administration, L.P., as administrative agent (the "Administrative Agent"), and the lenders, funding agents and other financial institutions party thereto. 
 
 The TEPH Amendment amended the TEPH Credit Agreement to, among other things, (a) extend the facility maturity date from November 2025 to August 2026 (subject to possible further extension and/or earlier maturation in accordance with the terms of the TEPH Amendment), (b) extend the date upon which the lender commitments terminate (and upon which no further advances are permitted to be drawn under the TEPH Credit Agreement) from May 2024 to May 2025, (c) add a contingent cash reserve requirement that is triggered by the failure of Sunnova Energy Corporation (for purposes of this section, the "Parent") to maintain a specified minimum working capital requirement amount as of quarterly determination dates and that requires funds otherwise distributable by TEPH to be reserved in a WIP reserve account and applied to cause photovoltaic systems and energy storage systems used in connection with photovoltaic systems to achieve placement in service, (d) add a contingent stepdown in advance rates that is triggered by the failure of the Parent to satisfy on a quarterly basis certain working capital requirements beginning with the quarter ending March 31, 2025 through the quarter ending September 30, 2026, with such stepdown in advance rates having the effect of limiting the availability of advances and triggering a potential prepayment under the TEPH Credit Agreement based on the reduced availability caused by the stepdown, (e) add an event of default for the incurrence, restructuring, or refinancing of any indebtedness of the Company or the Parent to the extent such incurrence, restructuring, or refinancing has reduced, or will reduce, TEPH's ability to make principal payments under the TEPH Credit Agreement by reducing cash flows to TEPH, (f) add an event of default triggered by the failure of TEPH to implement, by March 31, 2025 (or a later date with the Administrative Agent's consent), a transition of its management and billing and collection services to an acceptable back-up third-party vendor or to a newly-established Sunnova entity or a restructured Facility Administrator (in either case, with such new entity of the Facility Administrator structured in a way to mitigate its inclusion in a bankruptcy of the Company or the Parent), (g) add the Company to the scope of the definition of "material adverse effect", which, among other things, results in a drawstop under the TEPH Credit Agreement if the Company experiences a "material adverse effect", (h) add certain provisions giving the Administrative Agent the right to enforce certain rights of TEPH and its subsidiaries to cause systems in Financing Funds (as defined in the TEPH Credit Agreement) to be placed into service or to be transferred from such Financing Funds to Sunnova SAP IV, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of TEPH, (i) add certain requirements to use commercially reasonable efforts to complete certain amendments to tax equity finance documents by a specific date, (j) reflect Atlas Securitized Products Administration, L.P. as successor Administrative Agent to Atlas Securitized Products Holdings, L.P., (k) increase the aggregate commitment amount from 1.361 billion to 1.362 billion and (l) make certain other amendments as set forth therein. 
 
 The foregoing description of the TEPH Amendment is qualified in its entirety by reference to the full text of the TEPH Amendment, a copy of which is filed as Exhibit 10.3 to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is incorporated into this Item 5 by reference. 
 79 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 
 Exhibit No. 
 Description 
 2.1 Merger Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2019, by and among Sunnova Energy International Inc., Sunnova Energy Corporation and Sunnova Merger Sub Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2019). 
 2.2 Merger Agreement, by and among Sunnova Energy International Inc., Moonroad LLC, Sunnova Energy Corporation, SunStreet Energy Group, LLC and LEN X, LLC, dated as of February 17, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Form 8-K filed on February 19, 2021). 
 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Sunnova Energy International Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2019). 
 3.2 
 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Sunnova Energy International Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-Q filed on October 26, 2023). 
 4.1 
 Indenture, by and between Sunnova SOL VII Issuer, LLC and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as indenture trustee, dated as of August 7, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 9, 2024). 
 4.2 
 Form of 6.58 Solar Asset-Backed Note, Series 2024-2 Class A, due 2059 (included in Exhibit 4.1). 
 4.3 
 Form of 9.00 Solar Asset-Backed Note, Series 2024-2 Class B, due 2059 (included in Exhibit 4.1). 
 4.4 
 Indenture, by and between Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as indenture trustee, dated as of October 18 , 2024 . 
 4.5 
 Form of 6.45 Solar Asset-Backed Note, Series 2024-3 Class A, due 2059 (included in Exhibit 4. 4 ). 
 4.6 
 Form of 8.78 Solar Asset-Backed Note, Series 2024-3 Class B, due 2059 (included in Exhibit 4. 4 ). 
 10.1 
 Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement, by and among Sunnova Asset Portfolio 8, LLC, as Borrower, Sunnova SLA Management, LLC, as Manager and Servicer, Sunnova Asset Portfolio 8 Holdings, LLC, as Seller (Solar Loans) and Seller (Solar Assets), Banco Popular de Puerto Rico, as Agent, the lenders party thereto, the funding agents party thereto, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Custodian, dated as of June 28, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on July 2, 2024). 
 10.2 
 Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, as borrower, Sunnova TE Management, LLC, as facility administrator, the lenders and funding agents party thereto and Atlas Securitized Products Holdings, L.P., as administrative agent, dated as of August 20, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K filed on August 22, 2024). 
 10.3 
 Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, as borrower, Sunnova TE Management, LLC, as facility administrator, the lenders and funding agents party thereto and Atlas Securitized Products Admi nistration , L.P., as administrative agent, dated as of October 28 , 2024 . 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 101.SCH 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Linkbase Document. 
 101.CAL 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 101.DEF 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 101.LAB 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 101.PRE 
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document). 
 
 __________________ 
 Portions of this exhibit have been omitted in accordance with Items 601(a)(5) and 601(b)(10) of Regulation S-K. We agree to furnish a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request. 
 80 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 SUNNOVA ENERGY INTERNATIONAL INC. Date: October 31, 2024 By: /s/ William J. Berger William J. Berger Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Date: October 31, 2024 By: /s/ Eric M. Williams 
 Eric M. Williams 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 81 

<EX-4.4>
 2
 exhibit44-solviiiindenture.htm
 EX-4.4

Document 
 Exhibit 4.4 Execution Version 

 Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association Indenture Trustee Indenture Dated as of October 18, 2024 308,100,000 Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3 
 Class A Notes and Class B Notes 

Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page Article I Definitions 2 Section 1.01 General Definitions and Rules of Construction 2 Section 1.02 Calculations 2 Article II The Notes Reconveyance 2 Section 2.01 General 2 Section 2.02 Forms of Notes 3 Section 2.03 Payment of Interest 3 Section 2.04 Payments to Noteholders 4 Section 2.05 Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating 4 Section 2.06 Reserved . 5 Section 2.07 Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange 5 Section 2.08 Reserved 12 Section 2.09 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes 12 Section 2.10 Persons Deemed Noteholders 13 Section 2.11 Cancellation of Notes 13 Section 2.12 Conditions to Closing 14 Section 2.13 Reserved 18 Section 2.14 Access to List of Noteholders Names and Addresses 18 Article III Covenants Collateral Representations Warranties 18 Section 3.01 Performance of Obligations 18 Section 3.02 Negative Covenants 20 Section 3.03 Money for Note Payments 21 Section 3.04 Restriction of Issuer Activities 21 Section 3.05 Protection of Trust Estate 22 Section 3.06 Opinions and Officer's Certificates as to Trust Estate 25 Section 3.07 Statement as to Compliance 25 Section 3.08 Schedule of Solar Assets 25 Section 3.09 Recording 26 Section 3.10 Agreements Not to Institute Bankruptcy Proceedings Additional Covenants Covenants with Respect to the Managing Member and Project Company. 26 Section 3.11 Providing of Notice. 30 Section 3.12 Representations and Warranties of the Issuer 31 Section 3.13 Representations and Warranties of the Indenture Trustee 36 Section 3.14 Knowledge 37 Section 3.15 Capital Contributions 37 Section 3.16 Rule 144A Information 37 Article IV Management, Administration and Servicing 37 
 i 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 4.01 Transaction Management Agreement 37 Article V Accounts, Collections, Payments of Interest and Principal, Releases, and Statements to Noteholders 39 Section 5.01 Accounts 39 Section 5.02 Supplemental Reserve Account 42 Section 5.03 Liquidity Reserve Account 44 Section 5.04 Reserved 45 Section 5.05 Collection Account 45 Section 5.06 Distribution of Funds in the Collection Account. 46 Section 5.07 Equity Cure 48 Section 5.08 Early Amortization Period Payments 49 Section 5.09 Note Payments 49 Section 5.10 Statements to Noteholders Tax Returns 50 Section 5.11 Reports by Indenture Trustee 51 Section 5.12 Final Balances 51 Article VI Voluntary Prepayment of Notes and Release of Collateral 51 Section 6.01 Voluntary Prepayment 51 Section 6.02 Notice of Voluntary Prepayment 52 Section 6.03 Cancellation of Notes 53 Section 6.04 Release of Collateral 53 Article VII The Indenture Trustee 54 Section 7.01 Duties of Indenture Trustee 54 Section 7.02 Notice of Default, Transaction Manager Termination Event or Event of Default Delivery of Manager Reports 56 Section 7.03 Rights of Indenture Trustee 56 Section 7.04 Not Responsible for Recitals, Issuance of Notes or Application of Moneys as Directed 59 Section 7.05 May Hold Notes 59 Section 7.06 Money Held in Trust 59 Section 7.07 Compensation and Reimbursement 59 Section 7.08 Eligibility Disqualification 61 Section 7.09 Indenture Trustee s Capital and Surplus 61 Section 7.10 Resignation and Removal Appointment of Successor 61 Section 7.11 Acceptance of Appointment by Successor 62 Section 7.12 Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business of Indenture Trustee 63 Section 7.13 Co-trustees and Separate Indenture Trustees 63 Section 7.14 Books and Records 65 Section 7.15 Control 65 Section 7.16 Suits for Enforcement 65 
 A-ii 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 7.17 Compliance with Applicable Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Regulations 65 Article VIII Reserved 66 Article IX Event of Default 66 Section 9.01 Events of Default 66 Section 9.02 Actions of Indenture Trustee 67 Section 9.03 Indenture Trustee May File Proofs of Claim 68 Section 9.04 Indenture Trustee May Enforce Claim Without Possession of Notes 68 Section 9.05 Knowledge of Indenture Trustee 69 Section 9.06 Limitation on Suits 69 Section 9.07 Unconditional Right of Noteholders to Receive Principal and Interest 69 Section 9.08 Restoration of Rights and Remedies 69 Section 9.09 Rights and Remedies Cumulative 70 Section 9.10 Delay or Omission Not Waiver 70 Section 9.11 Control by Noteholders 70 Section 9.12 Waiver of Certain Events by Less Than All Noteholders 70 Section 9.13 Undertaking for Costs 71 Section 9.14 Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws 71 Section 9.15 Sale of Trust Estate 71 Section 9.16 Action on Notes 72 Article X Supplemental Indentures 73 Section 10.01 Supplemental Indentures Without Noteholder Approval 73 Section 10.02 Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Noteholders 73 Section 10.03 Execution of Amendments and Supplemental Indentures 75 Section 10.04 Effect of Amendments and Supplemental Indentures 75 Section 10.05 Reference in Notes to Amendments and Supplemental Indentures 75 Section 10.06 Indenture Trustee to Act on Instructions 75 Article XI Reserved 76 Article XII Miscellaneous 76 Section 12.01 Compliance Certificates and Opinions Furnishing of Information 76 Section 12.02 Form of Documents Delivered to Indenture Trustee 76 Section 12.03 Acts of Noteholders 77 Section 12.04 Notices, Etc 78 Section 12.05 Notices and Reports to Noteholders Waiver of Notices 79 Section 12.06 Rules by Indenture Trustee 80 Section 12.07 Issuer Obligation 80 Section 12.08 Enforcement of Benefits 80 Section 12.09 Effect of Headings and Table of Contents 81 Section 12.10 Successors and Assigns 81 Section 12.11 Separability Entire Agreement 81 Section 12.12 Benefits of Indenture 81 
 A-iii 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 12.13 Legal Holidays 81 Section 12.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Waiver of Jury Trial 81 Section 12.15 Electronic Signatures and Counterparts 82 Section 12.16 Recording of Indenture 82 Section 12.17 Further Assurances 82 Section 12.18 No Bankruptcy Petition Against the Issuer 82 Section 12.19 Rule 15Ga-1 Compliance. 82 Section 12.20 Multiple Roles 83 Section 12.21 PATRIOT Act 83 Article XIII Termination 84 Section 13.01 Termination of Indenture 84 
 
 Schedule I Schedule of Solar Assets Schedule II Reserved Schedule III Reserved Schedule IV Initial Ownership Interest Percentages of the Notes Schedule V Reserved Schedule VI Scheduled Outstanding Note Balance Schedule VII Projected Tax Equity Investor Distributions Schedule VIII Cumulative Default Trigger Schedule Schedule IX Projected Managing Member Distributions Value 
 Exhibit A 

Form of Class A Note A-1 
 Exhibit A Form of Class B Note A-2 
 Exhibit B Form of Transferor Letter B-1 
 Exhibit B Form of Transferee Letter B-2 
 Exhibit C Form of Notice of Voluntary Prepayment C-1 
 Exhibit D Rule 15Ga-1 Information D-1 
 
 Annex A Standard Definitions 

A-iv 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

This Indenture (as amended or supplemented from time to time, this Indenture is dated as of October 18, 2024 between Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC, a limited liability company organized under the laws of the State of Delaware, as issuer (the Issuer ), and Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking association, not in its individual capacity but solely in its capacity as indenture trustee (together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, the Indenture Trustee ). 
 Preliminary Statement 
 Pursuant to this Indenture, there is hereby duly authorized the execution and delivery of two classes of notes designated as the Issuer's 6.45 Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3, Class A (the Class A Notes and the Issuer's 8.78 Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3, Class B (the Class B Notes and together with the Class A Notes, the Notes ). All covenants and agreements made by the Issuer herein are for the benefit and security of the Holders of the Notes. The Issuer is entering into this Indenture, and the Indenture Trustee is accepting the trusts created hereby, for good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged. 
 Granting Clause 
 The Issuer hereby Grants to the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Holders of the Notes, as their interests may appear, all of the rights, title, interest and benefits of the Issuer (if any) whether now existing or hereafter arising in and to (i) the Managing Member Membership Interest (ii) the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, the Transaction Management Agreement, the Manager Transition Agreement, the Custodial Agreement, the Performance Guaranty, any Letter of Credit and all other Transaction Documents (iii) amounts (including, but not limited to Managing Member Distributions, Host Customer Payments, PBI Payments (if any), TREC Payments, SREC Proceeds (if any), Insurance Proceeds and Equity Cure Payments) deposited from time to time into the Collection Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account and the Supplemental Reserve Account and all Eligible Investments in each such account (iv) the membership interests of the Tax Equity Investor Member in the Project Company, if and when acquired by the Managing Member through the exercise of the Purchase Option, or otherwise, and upon such acquisition, all assets of the Project Company, (v) the membership interests of the Managing Member in the Project Company (vi) any TRECs generated in connection with the PV Systems owned by the Project Company (vii) proceeds of any and all of the foregoing including all proceeds of the conversion, voluntary or involuntary, of any of the foregoing into cash or other property and (viii) all other assets of the Issuer (collectively, the Trust Estate ). For the avoidance of doubt, SRECs, SREC Proceeds (unless deposited into and not otherwise withdrawn from the Collection Account), any Host Customer Security Deposits on deposit in the Host Customer Deposit Account, Grid Services Net Revenue, and any Grid Services Customer Payment Amounts will not constitute part of the Trust Estate. The Issuer may distribute to the Depositor any Grid Services Net Revenue and SREC Proceeds not deposited into the Collection Account or proceeds related to Rebates generated with respect to the Solar Assets. 
 Such Grant is made in trust, to secure payments of amounts due with respect to the Notes ratably and without prejudice, priority or distinction between or among the Notes, and to secure (i) the payment of all amounts on the Notes as such amounts become due in accordance with their terms (ii) the payment of all other sums payable in accordance with the provisions of this 
 A-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Indenture and (iii) compliance with the provisions of this Indenture, all as provided in this Indenture. 
 The Indenture Trustee acknowledges such Grant, accepts the trusts hereunder in accordance with the provisions of this Indenture, and agrees to perform the duties herein required pursuant to the terms and provisions of this Indenture and subject to the conditions hereof. 
 Article I Definitions 
 Section 1.01 General Definitions and Rules of Construction . Except as otherwise specified or as the context may otherwise require, capitalized terms used in this Indenture shall have the respective meanings given to such terms in the Standard Definitions attached hereto as Annex A, which is hereby incorporated by reference into this Indenture as if set forth fully in this Indenture. The rules of construction set forth in Annex A shall apply to this Indenture and are hereby incorporated by reference into this Indenture as if set forth fully in this Indenture. 
 Section 1.02 Calculations . Calculations required to be made pursuant to this Indenture shall be made on the basis of information or accountings as to payments on each Note furnished by the Transaction Manager. Except to the extent they are incorrect on their face, such information or accountings may be conclusively relied upon in making such calculations, but to the extent that it is later determined that any such information or accountings are incorrect, appropriate corrections or adjustments will be made. 
 Article II The Notes Reconveyance 
 Section 2.01 General . 
 (a) The Notes shall be designated as the Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC 6.45 Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3, Class A and the Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC 8.78 Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3, Class B . 
 (b) All payments of principal and interest with respect to the Notes shall be made only from the Trust Estate on the terms and conditions specified herein. Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Note, agrees that, subject to the obligations of the Depositor to pay Liquidated Damages Amounts in respect of Defective Solar Assets, the indemnification obligations provided for herein and in the Managing Member Contribution Agreement and the Transaction Management Agreement, the obligations of the Performance Guarantor under the Performance Guaranty and the obligations of the Managing Member and Project Company under the Pledge and Security Agreement, it will have recourse solely against such Trust Estate and such payment and indemnification obligations included therein. 
 (c) Except as otherwise provided herein, all Notes shall be substantially identical in all respects. Except as specifically provided herein, all Notes issued, authenticated and delivered under this Indenture shall be in all respects equally and ratably entitled to the benefits hereof 
 A-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

without preference, priority or distinction on account of the actual time or times of authentication and delivery, all in accordance with the terms and provisions of this Indenture. 
 (d) The Initial Outstanding Note Balance of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes that may be executed by the Issuer and authenticated and delivered by the Indenture Trustee and Outstanding at any given time under this Indenture is limited to 295,200,000 and 12,900,000 respectively. 
 (e) Holders of the Notes shall be entitled to payments of interest and principal as provided herein. Each Class of Notes shall have a final maturity on the Rated Final Maturity. All Notes of the same Class shall be secured on parity with one another, with no Note of any Class having any priority over any other Note of that same Class. 
 (f) The Notes that are authenticated and delivered to the Noteholders by the Indenture Trustee upon an Issuer Order on the Closing Date shall be dated as of the Closing Date. Any Note issued later in exchange for, or in replacement of, any Note issued on the Closing Date shall be dated the date of its authentication. 
 (g) Each Class of Notes is issuable in the Minimum Denomination and integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof provided that one Note of each Class of Notes may be issued in an additional amount equal to the Minimum Denomination plus any remaining portion of the Initial Outstanding Note Balance of such Class of Notes provided, further, that the foregoing shall not restrict or prevent the transfer in accordance with the last sentence of Section 2.07 hereof of any Note with a remaining Outstanding Note Balance of less than the Minimum Denomination. 
 Section 2.02 Forms of Notes . The Notes shall be issued in definitive form, in substantially the form set forth in Exhibit A-1 , and Exhibit A-2 , as applicable, with such appropriate insertions, omissions, substitutions and other variations as are required or permitted by this Indenture, and may have such letters, numbers or other marks of identification and such legends or endorsements placed thereon as may, consistently herewith, be determined by the Issuer, as evidenced by its execution thereof. 
 The Notes shall be typewritten, printed, lithographed or engraved or produced by any combination of these methods, all as determined by the officers executing such Notes, as evidenced by their execution of such Notes. 
 Each Note shall be dated the date of its authentication. The terms of the Notes are set forth in Exhibit A-1 and Exhibit A-2 and are part of the terms of this Indenture. 
 The Notes are being sold directly by the Issuer to one or more institutional accredited investors (within the meaning of Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3), (7) or (9) of the Securities Act) pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement. Each of the Notes, upon original issuance, shall be issued and held in the form of certificated definitive, fully registered Notes. 
 Section 2.03 Payment of Interest . 
 (a) On each Payment Date, the Note Interest for a Class of Notes will be distributed to the registered Noteholders of such Class of Notes as of the related Record Date to the extent Available Funds are sufficient for such distribution in accordance with the Priority of Payments. 
 A-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Interest on the Notes with respect to any Payment Date will accrue at the applicable Note Rate based on the Interest Accrual Period. 
 (b) If the Outstanding Note Balance of any Class of Notes has not been paid in full on or before the Anticipated Repayment Date, additional interest (the Post-ARD Additional Note Interest will begin to accrue during each Interest Accrual Period on such Class of Notes thereafter at the related Post-ARD Additional Interest Rate. The Post-ARD Additional Note Interest, if any, for a Class of Notes will only be due and payable (i) after the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance has been paid in full or (ii) on the Payment Date on which a Voluntary Prepayment of all outstanding Notes in full is being made. Prior to such time, the Post-ARD Additional Note Interest accruing on a Class of Notes will be deferred and added to any Post-ARD Additional Note Interest previously deferred and remaining unpaid Deferred Post-ARD Additional Note Interest ). Deferred Post-ARD Additional Note Interest will not bear interest. 
 Section 2.04 Payments to Noteholders . 
 (a) Principal payments and interest on a Class of Notes will be made on each Payment Date to the Noteholders of such Class of Notes as of the related Record Date pursuant to the Priority of Payments. The remaining Outstanding Note Balance of each Class of Notes, if any, shall be payable no later than the Rated Final Maturity. Noteholders shall, subject to the priorities and conditions set forth in the Priority of Payments, be entitled to receive payments of interest and principal on each Payment Date. Any payment of interest or principal payable with respect to the Notes on the applicable Payment Date shall be made to the Person in whose name such Note is registered as of the Record Date for such Payment Date in the manner provided in Section 5.09 . 
 (b) All reductions in the principal balance of a Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by payments of principal made on any Payment Date shall be binding upon all Holders of such Note and of any Note issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, whether or not such payment is noted on such Note. 
 Section 2.05 Execution, Authentication, Delivery and Dating . 
 (a) The Notes shall be executed by the Issuer. The signature of such Authorized Officer on the Notes may be manual or facsimile. Notes bearing the manual or facsimile signature of any individual who was, at the time of execution thereof, an Authorized Officer of the Issuer shall bind the Issuer, notwithstanding the fact that such individual ceased to hold such office prior to the authentication and delivery of such Notes or did not hold such office at the date of issuance of such Notes. 
 (b) On the Closing Date, the Issuer shall, and at any time and from time to time after the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Issuer may deliver Notes executed by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee for authentication, and the Indenture Trustee, upon receipt of the Notes and of an Issuer Order, shall authenticate and deliver such Notes provided , however , that the Indenture Trustee shall not authenticate the Notes on the Closing Date unless and until it shall have received the documents listed in Section 2.12 . 
 (c) Each Note authenticated and delivered by the Indenture Trustee to or upon an Issuer Order on or prior to the Closing Date shall be dated the Closing Date. All other Notes that 
 A-4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

are authenticated after the Closing Date for any other purpose under this Indenture shall be dated the date of their authentication. 
 (d) Notes issued upon transfer, exchange or replacement of other Notes shall be issued in authorized denominations reflecting the Outstanding Note Balance so transferred, exchanged or replaced, but shall represent only the Outstanding Note Balance so transferred, exchanged or replaced. In the event that any Note is divided into more than one Note in accordance with this Article II , such Outstanding Note Balance shall be divided among the Notes delivered in exchange therefor. 
 (e) No Note shall be entitled to any benefit under this Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose unless there appears on such Note a certificate of authentication, substantially in the form provided for herein, executed by the Indenture Trustee by the manual signature of a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee, and such executed certificate upon any Note shall be conclusive evidence, and the only evidence, that such Note has been duly authenticated and delivered. 
 Section 2.06 Reserved . 
 Section 2.07 Registration, Registration of Transfer and Exchange . 
 (a) The Indenture Trustee (in such capacity, the Note Registrar shall cause to be kept at its Corporate Trust Office a register (the Note Register ), in which, subject to such reasonable regulations as it may prescribe, the Note Registrar shall provide for the registration of the Notes and the registration of transfers of such Notes. The Notes are intended to be obligations in registered form for purposes of Section 163(f), Section 871(h)(2) and Section 881(c)(2) of the Code. 
 (b) Each Person who has or who acquires any Ownership Interest in a Note shall be deemed by the acceptance or acquisition of such Ownership Interest to have agreed to be bound by the provisions of this Section 2.07 and to have acknowledged, represented and agreed as follows (or, with respect to the Purchasers, as agreed to pursuant to the Note Purchase Agreement) 
 (i) Solely with respect to Notes sold on the Closing Date, the Holder is a qualified purchaser as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the 1940 Act Qualified Purchaser or an institutional accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D of the Securities Act (an Institutional Accredited Investor ), and if any Purchaser is purchasing the Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, such investor is an Institutional Accredited Investor and the Purchaser has sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and has full power to make acknowledgments, representations and agreements contained herein on behalf of such account(s). 
 (ii) With respect to any Holder who acquires any Ownership Interest in a Note on any date after the Closing Date, such Holder (A)(1) is a QIB, (2) is aware that the sale to it is being made in reliance on Rule 144A and (3) is acquiring the Notes or interests therein for its own account (and not for the account of others) or as a fiduciary agent for others (which others are also QIBs and have executed an agreement containing 
 A-5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

substantially the same representations as provided herein), or (B) is not a U.S. Person and is purchasing the Notes or interests therein in an offshore transaction pursuant to Regulation S. Such Holder is aware that it (or any account of a QIB for which it is purchasing) may be required to bear the economic risk of an investment in the Notes for an indefinite period, and it (or such account) is able to bear such risk for an indefinite period. 
 (iii) Each Holder understands that the Notes and interests therein are being offered in a transaction not involving any public offering in the United States within the meaning of the Securities Act, that the Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or any other applicable securities laws and that (A) if in the future it decides to offer, resell, pledge or otherwise transfer any of the Notes or any interests therein, such Notes (or the interests therein) may not be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred in denominations less than the Minimum Denomination, and in each case, in integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof, and only (1) in the United States to a person whom the seller reasonably believes is a QIB in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A (acting for its own account and not for the account of others, or as a fiduciary or agent for other QIBs to whom notice is given that the sale, pledge or transfer is being made in reliance on Rule 144A), (2) outside the United States in a transaction complying with the provisions of Regulation S under the Securities Act or (3) pursuant to another exemption from registration under the Securities Act (if available and evidenced by an opinion of counsel acceptable to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee), in each of cases (1) through (3) in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any state of the United States and any other applicable jurisdiction, and that (B) the Holder will, and each subsequent Transferee is required to, notify any subsequent Holder of such Notes or interests therein of the resale restrictions referred to above. Notwithstanding the foregoing restriction, any Note that has originally been properly issued in an amount no less than the Minimum Denomination, or any interest therein, may be offered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred in a denomination less than the Minimum Denomination if such lesser denomination is solely a result of a reduction of principal due to payments made in accordance with this Indenture. 
 (iv) The Holder acknowledges that none of the Sunnova Entities, the Indenture Trustee, the Purchasers or the Placement Agents or any person representing the Sunnova Entities, the Indenture Trustee, or the Placement Agents has made any representation to it with respect to the Sunnova Entities, or the sale of any Notes, other than the information contained in the Transaction Documents, which Transaction Documents have been delivered to it and upon which it is relying in making its investment decision with respect to the Notes accordingly, it acknowledges that no representation or warranty is made by the Sunnova Entities, the Indenture Trustee, or the Placement Agents as to the accuracy or completeness of such materials and it has had access to such financial and other information concerning the Sunnova Entities and the Notes as it has deemed necessary in connection with its decision to purchase any of the Notes, including an opportunity to ask questions and request information from the Sunnova Entities, the Indenture Trustee, and the Placement Agents. It acknowledges that the delivery of the Transaction Documents at any time does not imply that information herein is correct as of any time subsequent to this date. 
 A-6 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(v) The Holder understands that the Notes will, unless otherwise agreed by the Issuer and the Holder thereof, bear a legend substantially to the following effect 
 NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN HAS BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS OF ANY STATE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM. EACH HOLDER AND TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A THEREUNDER AND BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF AN INTEREST HEREIN (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUIONAL BUYER, AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A, AND HAS ACQUIRED THIS NOTE, OR SUCH INTEREST HEREIN, IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION S AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE, OR SUCH INTEREST HEREIN, IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) OR (C) IT HAS ACQUIRED THIS NOTE, OR SUCH INTEREST HEREIN, PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144 OR PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH OF THE CASES (A) THROUGH (C) ABOVE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. 
 EACH HOLDER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF THE HOLDER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, ITS FIDUCIARY) BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN IS DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACQUIRING THE NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN FOR OR ON BEHALF OF OR WITH THE ASSETS OF, ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYMENT RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR ANY OTHER PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(E)(1) OF THE CODE THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF 
 A-7 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

THE CODE OR ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS (WITHIN THE MEANING OF 29 CFR SECTION 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA) BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY (EACH A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR ), OR ANY PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY LAW SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE SIMILAR LAW ), OR (2) IF HOLDER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR A PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, THE PURCHASE, HOLDING OR DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN DOES NOT RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW AND NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE PURCHASERS, THE PLACEMENT AGENTS OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE PARTNERS, SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES OR AFFILIATES, THE ORIGINATOR, SUNNOVA MANAGEMENT, THE TRANSACTION MANAGER, THE TRANSACTION TRANSITION MANAGER OR THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE HAS PROVIDED OR WILL PROVIDE ANY INVESTMENT ADVICE ON WHICH THE HOLDER OR TRANSFEREE OR ANY FIDUCIARY OF SUCH HOLDER OR TRANSFEREE HAS RELIED AS A PRIMARY BASIS FOR THE DECISION TO INVEST IN THE NOTES, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN. 
 THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT (A) THIS NOTE AND ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN MINIMUM DENOMINATIONS OF 100,000 AND EACH IN INTEGRAL MULTIPLES OF 1,000 IN EXCESS THEREOF, AND ONLY (I) IN THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A (ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS, OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHER QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A), (II) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (III) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE AND EVIDENCED BY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER AND THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE), IN EACH OF CASES (I) THROUGH (III) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY 
 A-8 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION, AND (B) THE PURCHASER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING RESTRICTION, ANY NOTE THAT HAS ORIGINALLY BEEN PROPERLY ISSUED IN AN AMOUNT NO LESS THAN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, MAY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN A DENOMINATION LESS THAN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION IF SUCH LESSER DENOMINATION IS SOLELY A RESULT OF A REDUCTION OF PRINCIPAL DUE TO PAYMENTS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INDENTURE. 
 The Holder understands that the Issuer may receive a list of participants holding positions in the Notes from the Note Registrar. 
 (vi) Each Holder and Transferee (and if the Holder or Transferee is a Benefit Plan Investor or plan subject to Similar Law, its fiduciary) by its purchase of a Note or any Ownership Interest therein will be deemed to have represented and warranted that either (a) it is not, and is not acquiring the Note or any interest therein for or on behalf of or with the assets of, any employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA that is subject to Title I of ERISA or any other plan as defined in Section 4975(e)(1) of the Code that is subject to Section 4975 of the Code or any entity whose underlying assets include plan assets (within the meaning of 29 C.F.R. 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) by reason of an employee benefit plan's or plan's investment in such entity (each a Benefit Plan Investor ), or any plan that is subject to any law substantially similar to ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code Similar Law ), or (b) if the Holder or Transferee is a Benefit Plan Investor or a plan that is subject to Similar Law, the purchase, holding and disposition of the Note or any interest therein will not result in a non-exempt prohibited transaction under ERISA or Section 4975 of the Code or non-exempt violation of Similar Law and none of the Issuer, the Purchasers, the Placement Agents or any of their respective partners, shareholders, directors, officers, employees, representatives or affiliates, the Originator, Sunnova Management, the Transaction Manager, the Transaction Transition Manager or the Indenture Trustee has provided or will provide any investment advice on which the Holder or Transferee or any fiduciary of such Holder or Transferee has relied as a primary basis for the decision to invest in the Notes, or any interest therein or is acting as a fiduciary as defined in Section 3(21) of ERISA or Section 4975(E)(3) of the Code in connection with the acquisition, holding or disposition of the Notes or any interest therein. 
 (vii) Each Holder and Transferee by its purchase of a Note or any interest therein shall be deemed to have agreed to treat such Note as indebtedness and indicate on all federal, state and local income tax and information returns and reports required to be filed with respect to such Note, under any applicable federal, state or local tax statute or 
 A-9 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

any rule or regulation under any of them, that such Note is indebtedness unless otherwise required by Applicable Law as determined by a final determination. 
 (viii) Each Holder and Transferee by its purchase of a Note or any interest therein shall be deemed to have agreed to treat such Note as indebtedness and indicate on all federal, state and local income tax and information returns and reports required to be filed with respect to such Note, under any applicable federal, state or local tax statute or any rule or regulation under any of them, that such Note is indebtedness unless otherwise required by Applicable Law as determined by a final determination. 
 (ix) Each Holder acknowledges that the Sunnova Entities, the Indenture Trustee, the Placement Agents and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations, warranties, and agreements and agrees that, if any of the acknowledgments, representations, warranties and agreements deemed to have been made by its purchase of the Notes are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Placement Agents and the Issuer. If it is acquiring any Notes as a fiduciary or agent for one or more investor accounts, it represents that it has sole investment discretion with respect to each such investor account and that it has full power to make the foregoing acknowledgments, representations and agreements on behalf of each such investor account. 
 (x) Each Holder understands that the Issuer may receive a list of participants holding positions in the Notes from the Note Registrar. 
 (c) The Notes offered on the Closing Date are being offered in a transaction not involving a public offering in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act, Rule 506(b) promulgated under the Securities Act and or Rule 506(c) promulgated under the Securities Act. No Disposition of any Note or interest therein shall be made unless such Disposition is to a qualified institutional buyer (as defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act Rule 144A )) in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A exempt from the registration or qualification requirements of the Securities Act and any applicable state securities laws, or is otherwise made in accordance (or pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of) with the Securities Act and such state securities laws. 
 (d) If a transfer or exchange of any Note is to be made, the Note Registrar shall refuse to register such transfer or exchange unless it receives (and, upon receipt, may conclusively rely upon) a request to register the transfer or exchange of such Note such Note presented or surrendered for register of transfer or exchange, duly endorsed or accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to the Note Registrar duly executed by such Holder or by its attorney, duly authorized in writing and a certificate from the Noteholder desiring to effect such transfer or exchange substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B-1 and a certificate from the prospective Transferee substantially in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B-2 and, if such transfer is to be effective within six months of the issuance date of such Note or in any transaction other than a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A, an Opinion of Counsel reasonably acceptable to the Issuer and to the Note Registrar to the effect that such transfer as proposed may be made without registration under the Securities Act (which Opinion of Counsel shall be at the expense of the Noteholder requesting such transfer), together with the written certification(s) as to the facts surrounding such transfer from the Noteholder 
 A-10 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

desiring to effect such transfer or such Noteholder s prospective Transferee on which such Opinion of Counsel is based. 
 The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or securities laws of any jurisdiction. Consequently, the Notes are not transferable other than pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and satisfaction of provisions set forth in this Indenture. None of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee or the Note Registrar shall be obligated to register or qualify any Notes under the Securities Act or any other securities law or to take any action not otherwise required under this Indenture to permit the transfer of any Note or interest therein without such registration or qualification. 
 (e) No transfer of any Note or any interest therein shall be made to any Plan or to any Person who is directly or indirectly acquiring such Note on behalf of, as fiduciary of, as trustee of, or with the assets of, a Plan, except in each such case, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 2.07 . Any attempted or purported transfer of a Note in violation of this Section 2.07 will be null and void and vest no rights in any purported Transferee. 
 The Note Registrar shall refuse to register the transfer or exchange of a Note, unless it has received from the prospective Transferee a certification that it satisfies the representations in Section 4 of the Note Purchase Agreement. 
 It is hereby acknowledged that the forms of certification attached hereto as Exhibit B-1 and Exhibit B-2 are acceptable for purposes of this clause (e). If a transfer of any interest in a Note is to be made and is permitted without delivering to the Note Registrar a certification as provided in this Section 0, the prospective Transferee of such Note, by its acquisition of such Note (or an interest therein), shall be deemed to have made such representations. 
 (f) Each purchaser and transferee by its purchase of a Note or interest therein acknowledges that the Issuer, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor, the Project Company Manager, the Project Company Servicer, the Project Company Back-Up Servicer, the Transaction Manager, the Transaction Transition Manager, the Depositor, the Indenture Trustee, the Placement Agents and others will rely upon the truth and accuracy of the foregoing acknowledgments, representations, warranties, and agreements and agrees that, if any of the acknowledgments, representations, warranties and agreements deemed to have been made by its purchase of the Notes are no longer accurate, it shall promptly notify the Issuer. If a Person is acquiring a Note as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts, such Person represents that, and shall be required to deliver to the Note Registrar a certificate in the form attached here to as Exhibit B-2 and such other evidence as may be reasonably required by the Issuer to confirm that, it has (i) sole investment discretion with respect to each such account and (ii) full power to make the applicable foregoing acknowledgments, representations, warranties, certifications or agreements with respect to each such account, including without limitation those set forth in subsections (b), (c), (d), or 0, as appropriate, of this Section 2.07 (including those set forth in Exhibit B-1 and Exhibit B-2 , as applicable). 
 (g) Each purchaser and transferee by its purchase of a Note or interest therein shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that at the time of its purchase and throughout the period that it holds such Note or interest therein, that it will not sell or otherwise transfer the 
 A-11 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Note or interest therein to any person without first obtaining the same foregoing representations, warranties and covenants from that person. 
 (h) Subject to the provisions of this Section 2.07 , upon surrender for registration of transfer of any Note at the offices of the Note Registrar maintained for such purpose, one or more new Notes of authorized denominations and of like aggregate principal balance shall be executed, authenticated and delivered, in the name of the designated transferee or transferees, in accordance with this Section 2.07 . 
 (i) At the option of any Noteholder, its Notes may be exchanged for other Notes of the same Class of authorized denominations evidencing a like Outstanding Note Balance, upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at the offices of the Note Registrar maintained for such purpose. Whenever any Notes are so surrendered for exchange, the Notes which the Noteholder making the exchange is entitled to receive shall be executed, authenticated and delivered in accordance with Section 2.07 . 
 (j) Every Note presented or surrendered for transfer or exchange shall (if so required by the Note Registrar) be duly endorsed by, or be accompanied by a written instrument of transfer in form satisfactory to, the Note Registrar duly executed by the Noteholder thereof or his attorney duly authorized in writing. 
 (k) No service charge shall be imposed for any transfer or exchange of Notes, but the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may require payment of a sum sufficient to cover any Tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in connection with any transfer or exchange of Notes. 
 (l) All Notes surrendered for transfer and exchange shall be physically canceled by the Note Registrar, and the Note Registrar shall dispose of such canceled Notes in accordance with its standard procedures. 
 The Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act or the securities laws of any jurisdiction. Consequently, the Notes are not transferable other than pursuant to an exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act and satisfaction of provisions set forth in this Indenture. 
 Section 2.08 Reserved . 
 Section 2.09 Mutilated, Destroyed, Lost or Stolen Notes . 
 (a) If (i) any mutilated Note is surrendered to the Indenture Trustee or the Indenture Trustee receives evidence to its satisfaction of the destruction, loss or theft of any Note, and (ii) there is delivered to the Indenture Trustee such security or indemnity as may be required by the Indenture Trustee to hold each of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee harmless, then, in the absence of actual notice to the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee that such Note has been acquired by a protected purchaser, the Issuer shall execute, and the Indenture Trustee shall authenticate and deliver upon an Issuer Order, in exchange for or in lieu of any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note, a new Note or Notes of the same tenor, and Class and principal balance bearing a number not contemporaneously outstanding provided , however , that if any such mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall have become subject to receipt of payment in full, instead of 
 A-12 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

issuing a new Note, the Indenture Trustee may make a payment with respect to such Note without surrender thereof, except that any mutilated Note shall be surrendered. If, after the delivery of such new Note or payment with respect to a destroyed, lost or stolen Note pursuant to the proviso to the preceding sentence, a protected purchaser of the original Note in lieu of which such new Note was issued presents for receipt of payments such original Note, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to recover such new Note (or such payment) from the Person to whom it was delivered or any Person taking such new Note from such Person, except a protected purchaser, and each of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to recover upon the security or indemnity provided therefor to the extent of any loss, damage or cost incurred by the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee in connection therewith. 
 (b) Upon the issuance of any new Note under this Section 2.09 , the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may require the payment of a sum sufficient to cover any Tax or other governmental charge that may be imposed in relation thereto. 
 (c) Every new Note issued pursuant to this Section 2.09 in lieu of any destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall constitute an original additional contractual obligation of the Issuer, whether or not such destroyed, lost or stolen Note shall be at any time enforceable by anyone, and shall be entitled to all the benefits of this Indenture equally and proportionately with any and all other Notes duly issued hereunder. 
 (d) The provisions of this Section 2.09 are exclusive and shall preclude (to the extent lawful) all other rights and remedies with respect to the replacement or payment with respect to mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes. 
 Section 2.10 Persons Deemed Noteholders . Before due presentment for registration of transfer of any Note, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may treat the Person in whose name any Note is registered as the owner of such Note (a) on the applicable Record Date for the purpose of receiving payments with respect to principal and interest on such Note and (b) on any date for all other purposes whatsoever, whether or not such Note be overdue, and none of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee nor any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee shall be affected by any notice to the contrary. 
 Section 2.11 Cancellation of Notes . All Notes surrendered for payment, registration of transfer, exchange or prepayment shall, if surrendered to any Person other than the Indenture Trustee, be delivered to the Indenture Trustee and shall be promptly canceled by it. The Issuer may at any time deliver to the Indenture Trustee for cancellation any Note previously authenticated and delivered hereunder which the Issuer may have acquired in any manner whatsoever, and all Notes so delivered shall be promptly canceled by the Indenture Trustee. No Notes shall be authenticated in lieu of or in exchange for any Notes canceled as provided in this Section 2.11 except as expressly permitted by this Indenture. All canceled Notes shall be held and disposed of by the Indenture Trustee in accordance with its standard retention and disposal policy. 
 Section 2.12 Conditions to Closing . The Notes shall be executed, authenticated and delivered on the Closing Date in accordance with Section 2.05 and, upon receipt by the Indenture Trustee of the following 
 (a) an Issuer Order authorizing the authentication and delivery of such Notes by the Indenture Trustee 
 A-13 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(b) the original Notes executed by the Issuer and true and correct copies of the Transaction Documents 
 (c) Opinions of Counsel addressed to the Indenture Trustee, the Placement Agents and the Rating Agency in form and substance satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee, the Placement Agents and the Rating Agency addressing corporate, security interest, tax, bankruptcy and other matters 
 (d) an Officer s Certificate of an Authorized Officer of the Issuer, stating that 
 (i) all representations and warranties of the Issuer contained in the Transaction Documents are true and correct, and no defaults exist under the Transaction Documents 
 (ii) the issuance of the Notes will not result in any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under, this Indenture or any other Transaction Document, the Issuer Operating Agreement or any other constituent documents of the Issuer or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which the Issuer is a party or by which it is bound, or any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which the Issuer is a party or by which it may be bound or to which it may be subject, and that all conditions precedent provided in this Indenture relating to the authentication and delivery of the Notes have been fully satisfied and 
 (iii) the conditions precedent described in this Indenture and in the other Transaction Documents, if any, have been satisfied 
 (e) an Officer s Certificate dated as of the Closing Date, of an Authorized Officer of Sunnova Intermediate Holdings that 
 (i) Sunnova Intermediate Holdings is not in default under any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the transfer of the Conveyed Property by it will not result in any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a material default under, its organizational documents or any other constituent documents of it or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which it is a party or by which it may be bound or to which it may be subject 
 (ii) all representations and warranties of it contained in each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date and 
 (iii) all conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.12 and in the other Transaction Documents have been satisfied 
 (f) an Officer s Certificate dated as of the Closing Date, of an Authorized Officer of Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings that 
 A-14 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(i) Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings is not in default under any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the transfer of the Conveyed Property by it will not result in any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a material default under, its organizational documents or any other constituent documents of it or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which it is a party or by which it may be bound or to which it may be subject 
 (ii) all representations and warranties of it contained in each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date and 
 (iii) all conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.12 and in the other Transaction Documents have been satisfied 
 (g) an Officer s Certificate dated as of the Closing Date, of an Authorized Officer of the Depositor that 
 (i) the Depositor is not in default under any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the transfer of the Conveyed Property by it and the simultaneous Grant of the Trust Estate to the Indenture Trustee by the Issuer will not result in any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a material default under, its organizational documents or any other constituent documents of it or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which it is a party or by which it may be bound or to which it may be subject 
 (ii) all representations and warranties of it on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date contained in each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct and 
 (iii) all conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.12 and in the other Transaction Documents have been satisfied 
 (h) an Officer s Certificate dated as of the Closing Date, of an Authorized Officer of Sunnova Management that 
 (i) Sunnova Management is not in default under any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the performance by Sunnova Management under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, will not result in any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a material default under, its organizational documents or any other constituent documents of it or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which it is a party or by which it may be bound or to which it may be subject 
 A-15 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(ii) all representations and warranties of it contained in each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date and 
 (iii) all conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.12 and in the other Transaction Documents have been satisfied 
 (i) an Officer s Certificate dated as of the Closing Date, of an Authorized Officer of Sunnova Energy that 
 (i) Sunnova Energy is not in default under any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the performance by Sunnova Energy under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, will not result in any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a material default under, its organizational documents or any other constituent documents of it or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which it is a party or by which it may be bound or to which it may be subject 
 (ii) all representations and warranties of it contained in each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date and 
 (iii) all conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.12 and in the other Transaction Documents have been satisfied 
 (j) an Officer s Certificate dated as of the Closing Date, of an Authorized Officer of the Managing Member that 
 (i) the Managing Member is not in default under any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the performance by the Managing Member under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party will not result in any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a material default under, its organizational documents or any other constituent documents of it or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which it is a party or by which it may be bound or to which it may be subject 
 (ii) all representations and warranties of it contained in each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date and 
 (iii) all conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.12 and in the other Transaction Documents have been satisfied 
 (k) Reserved 
 (l) an Officer s Certificate dated as of the Closing Date, of an Authorized Officer of Sunnova SOL VIII Investor that 
 A-16 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(i) Sunnova SOL VIII Investor is not in default under any of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, and the performance by Sunnova Management under the Transaction Documents to which it is a party, will not result in any breach of any of the terms, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a material default under, its organizational documents or any other constituent documents of it or any indenture, mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement or instrument to which it is a party or by which it is bound, or any order of any court or administrative agency entered in any Proceeding to which it is a party or by which it may be bound or to which it may be subject 
 (ii) all representations and warranties of it contained in each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct on and as of the Closing Date, as though made on and as of the Closing Date and 
 (iii) all conditions precedent set forth in Section 2.12 and in the other Transaction Documents have been satisfied 
 (m) a Secretary's Certificate dated as of the Closing Date of each Sunnova Entity (other than the Project Company) regarding certain organizational matters and the incumbency of the signatures of such Sunnova Entities 
 (n) the assignment to Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings by Sunnova Intermediate Holdings of its right, title and interest in the Conveyed Property, duly executed by Sunnova Intermediate Holdings and Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, the assignment to Sunnova SOL VIII Investor by Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings of its right, title and interest in the Conveyed Property, duly executed by Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings and Sunnova SOL VIII Investor, the assignment to the Depositor by Sunnova SOL VIII Investor of its right, title and interest in the Conveyed Property, duly executed by Sunnova SOL VIII Investor and the Depositor, and the assignment to the Issuer by the Depositor of its right, title and interest in the Conveyed Property, duly executed by the Depositor and the Issuer 
 (o) presentment of all applicable UCC termination statements or partial releases (collectively, the Termination Statements terminating the Liens of creditors of Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor, the Depositor, the Managing Member, the Original Managing Member Owner or any other Person with respect to any part of the Trust Estate or the assets pledged to the Indenture Trustee under the Pledge and Security Agreement (except as expressly contemplated by the Transaction Documents) and the Financing Statements (which shall constitute all of the Perfection UCCs with respect to the Closing Date) to the proper Person for filing to perfect the Indenture Trustee s first priority Lien on the Trust Estate, subject to Permitted Liens 
 (p) evidence that the Indenture Trustee has established the Collection Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account and the Supplemental Reserve Account 
 (q) evidence that Sunnova Energy has established the Host Customer Deposit Account 
 (r) delivery by the Custodian to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee of an executed Closing Date Certification 
 A-17 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(s) delivery by the Rating Agency to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee of its rating letter assigning a rating to the Class A Notes of at least A- (sf) and to the Class B Notes of at least BBB- (sf) 
 (t) all collections received in respect of the Conveyed Property for any period following the Initial Cut-Off Date have been deposited into the Collection Account on the Closing Date 
 (u) the Issuer shall have deposited the Liquidity Reserve Account Floor Amount into the Liquidity Reserve Account 
 (v) the Issuer shall have deposited into the Supplemental Reserve Account 
 (w) none of the Issuer or the Managing Member shall be insolvent and will become insolvent as a result of the Grant pursuant to this Indenture or the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents and 
 (x) any other certificate, document or instrument reasonably requested by the Placement Agents or the Indenture Trustee. 
 Section 2.13 Reserved . 
 Section 2.14 Access to List of Noteholders Names and Addresses . The Indenture Trustee shall furnish or cause to be furnished to the Transaction Manager within 15 days after receipt by the Indenture Trustee of a request therefor from the Transaction Manager in writing, a list, in such form as the Transaction Manager may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of the Noteholders as of the most recent Record Date. 
 Article III Covenants Collateral Representations Warranties 
 Section 3.01 Performance of Obligations . 
 (a) The Issuer will not take any action or permit any action to be taken by others which would release any Person from any of such Person s covenants or obligations in any Transaction Document or under any instrument or agreement included in the Trust Estate or that would result in the amendment, hypothecation, subordination, termination or discharge of, or impair the validity or effectiveness of, any such instrument or agreement, except as ordered by any bankruptcy or other court or as permitted by, or expressly provided in, this Indenture, the Transaction Documents or such other instrument or agreement. 
 (b) To the extent consistent with the Issuer Operating Agreement, the Issuer may contract with other Persons to assist it in performing its duties hereunder, and any performance of such duties shall be deemed to be action taken by the Issuer. To the extent that the Issuer contracts with other Persons which include or may include the furnishing of reports, notices or correspondence to the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer shall identify such Persons in a written notice to the Indenture Trustee. 
 A-18 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(c) The Issuer shall and shall require that the Depositor, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings and Sunnova SOL VIII Investor characterize (i) the transfer of the Conveyed Property by Sunnova Intermediate Holdings to Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, the transfer of the Conveyed Property by Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings to Sunnova SOL VIII Investor, the transfer of the Conveyed Property by Sunnova SOL VIII Investor to the Depositor and the transfer of the Conveyed Property by the Depositor to the Issuer pursuant to the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, in each case, as an absolute transfer for legal purposes, (ii) the Grant of the Trust Estate by the Issuer under this Indenture as a pledge for financial accounting purposes, and (iii) the Notes as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes and for financial accounting purposes (unless otherwise required by Applicable Law). In this regard, the financial statements of SEI and its consolidated subsidiaries will show the Conveyed Property as owned by the consolidated group and the Notes as indebtedness of the consolidated group (and will contain appropriate footnotes stating that the assets of the Issuer will not be available to creditors of SEI, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings or the Depositor or any other Person), and the U.S. federal income Tax Returns of SEI, Sunnova Energy and its consolidated subsidiaries that are regarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes will indicate that the Notes are indebtedness unless otherwise required by Applicable Law. The Issuer will cause Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor and the Depositor to file all required Tax Returns and associated forms, reports, schedules and supplements thereto in a manner consistent with such characterizations unless otherwise required by Applicable Law. 
 (d) The Issuer covenants to pay, or cause to be paid, all Taxes or other similar charges levied by any governmental authority with regard to the Trust Estate, except to the extent that the validity or amount of such Taxes is contested in good faith, via appropriate Proceedings and with adequate reserves established and maintained therefor in accordance with GAAP. 
 (e) The Issuer hereby assumes liability for all liabilities associated with the Trust Estate or created under this Indenture, including but not limited to any obligation arising from the breach or inaccuracy of any representation, warranty or covenant of the Issuer set forth herein except as provided in the Transaction Documents. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Issuer has and shall have no liability with respect to the payment of principal and interest on the Notes, except as otherwise provided in this Indenture. 
 (f) The Issuer will perform and observe all of its obligations and agreements contained in this Indenture, the Transaction Documents and in the instruments and agreements included in the Trust Estate, including, but not limited to, preparing (or causing to be prepared) and filing (or causing to be filed) all UCC financing statements and continuation statements required to be filed by the terms of this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents in accordance with and within the time periods provided for herein and therein. Except as otherwise expressly provided therein, the Issuer shall not waive, amend, modify, supplement or terminate any Transaction Document or any provision thereof without the consent of the Indenture Trustee (acting at the direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class). 
 (g) If an Event of Default or Transaction Manager Termination Event shall arise from the failure of the Transaction Manager to perform any of its duties or obligations under the Transaction Management Agreement, the Issuer shall take all reasonable steps available to it to 
 A-19 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

remedy such failure, including appointing a Replacement Transaction Manager pursuant to the terms of the Transaction Management Agreement. 
 (h) The Issuer, or the Transaction Manager on behalf of the Issuer, shall supply to the Indenture Trustee, at the time and in the manner required by applicable Treasury Regulations, for further distribution to such persons, and to the extent required by applicable Treasury Regulations, information with respect to any original issue discount accruing on the Notes. 
 (i) 
 (i) No later than February 1, 2025 (or such later date as may be agreed with the written consent of the Approving Noteholders and notified by such parties to the Indenture Trustee), the Issuer shall have, or shall have procured that the Project Company has, engaged a Special O&M Manager pursuant to a Special O&M Manager Agreement in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Approving Noteholders. The failure and continuance (subject to Section 3.01(i)(ii) below) after such date to complete such engagement shall be a Special O&M Manager Event . Subject to the conditions set forth in Section 3.01(i)(ii) below, so long as such Special O&M Manager Event is in effect, the Issuer shall (in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments) pay the applicable Additional Principal Amount set forth in clause (ii) or (iii) of the definition thereof on each Payment Date during the occurrence and continuance of such Special O&M Manager Event. 
 (ii) If at any time after a Special O&M Manager has been appointed Sunnova Management has reorganized itself and its operations in a manner that is reasonably satisfactory to the Approving Noteholders to minimize the impact of a potential future Insolvency Event of Sunnova Energy, then the Issuer shall be entitled to terminate the engagement of the Special O&M Manager and no Special O&M Manager Event shall arise as a result of such termination. 
 Section 3.02 Negative Covenants . In addition to the restrictions and prohibitions set forth in Sections 3.04 , and 3.10 and elsewhere herein, the Issuer will not 
 (a) sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of any portion of its interest in the Trust Estate except as expressly permitted by this Indenture or the other Transaction Documents provided , that at any time the Issuer may distribute to the Depositor (i) SRECs, (ii) any SREC Proceeds (unless deposited into and not otherwise withdrawn from the Collection Account), (iii) any Grid Services Net Revenue and Grid Services Customer Payment Amounts and (iv) any proceeds related to Rebates generated with respect to the Solar Assets 
 (b) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Indenture or any Grant hereunder or under any other Transaction Document to be impaired or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations under this Indenture, except as may be expressly permitted hereby or under any other Transaction Document 
 (c) (i) create, incur or suffer, or permit to be created or incurred or to exist any Lien on any of the Trust Estate or the assets of the Managing Member or any Non-Tax Equity Project Company or (ii) permit the Lien created by this Indenture or any other Transaction Document not to constitute a valid first priority, perfected Lien on the Trust Estate or the assets of the 
 A-20 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Managing Member or any Non-Tax Equity Project Company pledged to the Indenture Trustee under the Pledge and Security Agreement, in each case subject to Permitted Liens 
 (d) take any action or fail to take any action which action or failure to act may cause the Issuer to become classified as an association (or a publicly traded partnership) that is taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes or 
 (e) act in violation of its organization documents. 
 Section 3.03 Money for Note Payments . 
 (a) All payments with respect to any Notes which are to be made from amounts withdrawn from the Collection Account pursuant to the Priority of Payments shall be made on behalf of the Issuer by the Indenture Trustee, and no amounts so withdrawn from an Account for payments with respect to the Notes shall be paid over to the Issuer under any circumstances except as provided in this Section 3.03 and Article V . 
 (b) When the Indenture Trustee is not also the Note Registrar, the Issuer shall furnish, or cause the Note Registrar to furnish, no later than the fifth calendar day after each Record Date, a list, in such form as the Indenture Trustee may reasonably require, of the names and addresses of the Noteholders and of the number of individual Notes and the Outstanding Note Balance held by each such Noteholder. 
 (c) Any money held by the Indenture Trustee in trust for the payment of any amount distributable but unclaimed with respect to any Note shall be held in a non-interest bearing trust account, and if the same remains unclaimed for two years after such amount has become due to such Noteholder, such money shall be discharged from such trust and paid to the Issuer upon an Issuer Order without any further action by any Person and the Holder of such Note shall thereafter, as an unsecured general creditor, look only to the Issuer for payment thereof (but only to the extent of the amounts so paid to the Issuer), and all liability of the Indenture Trustee with respect to such trust money shall thereupon cease. The Indenture Trustee may adopt and employ, at the expense of the Issuer, any reasonable means of notification of such payment (including, but not limited to, mailing notice of such payment to Noteholders whose Notes have been called but have not been surrendered for prepayment or whose right to or interest in moneys due and payable but not claimed is determinable from the records of the Indenture Trustee, at the last address of record for each such Noteholder). 
 Section 3.04 Restriction of Issuer Activities . Until the date that is 365 days after the Termination Date, the Issuer will not on or after the date of execution of this Indenture 
 (a) engage in any business or investment activities other than those necessary for, incident to, connected with or arising out of, owning and Granting the Trust Estate to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, or contemplated hereby, in the Transaction Documents and the Issuer Operating Agreement 
 (b) incur any indebtedness secured in any manner by, or having any claim against, the Trust Estate or the Issuer other than indebtedness arising hereunder and in connection with the Transaction Documents and as otherwise expressly permitted in a Transaction Document 
 A-21 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(c) incur any other indebtedness except as permitted in the Issuer Operating Agreement 
 (d) amend, or propose to the member of the Depositor for their consent any amendment of, the Issuer Operating Agreement (or, if the Issuer shall be a successor to the Person named as the Issuer in the first paragraph of this Indenture, amend, consent to amendment or propose any amendment of, the governing instruments of such successor), without giving notice thereof in writing, 30 days prior to the date on which such amendment is to become effective, to the Rating Agency 
 (e) except as otherwise expressly permitted by this Indenture or the Transaction Documents, sell, transfer, exchange or otherwise dispose of any of the properties or assets of the Issuer, including those included in the Trust Estate provided , that at any time the Issuer may distribute to the Depositor (i) SRECs, (ii) any SREC Proceeds (unless deposited into and not otherwise withdrawn from the Collection Account), (iii) any Grid Services Net Revenue and Grid Services Customer Payment Amounts and (iv) any proceeds related to Rebates generated with respect to the Solar Assets 
 (f) claim any credit on, or make any deduction from the principal or interest payable in respect of, the Notes (other than amounts properly withheld from such payments under the Code) or assert any claim against any present or former Noteholder by reason of the payment of the Taxes levied or assessed upon any part of the Trust Estate 
 (g) permit the validity or effectiveness of this Indenture to be impaired, or permit the Lien in favor of the Indenture Trustee created by this Indenture or any other Transaction Document to be amended, hypothecated, subordinated, terminated or discharged, or permit any Person to be released from any covenants or obligations with respect to the Notes under this Indenture except as may be expressly permitted hereby 
 (h) permit the Lien of this Indenture or any other Transaction Document not to constitute a valid perfected first priority (other than with respect to a Permitted Lien) Lien on the Trust Estate or 
 (i) dissolve, liquidate, merge or consolidate with any other Person, other than in compliance with Section 3.10 if any Notes are Outstanding. 
 Section 3.05 Protection of Trust Estate . 
 (a) The Issuer intends the Lien Granted pursuant to this Indenture or any other Transaction Document in favor of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders to be prior to all other Liens in respect of the Trust Estate or the pledged assets of the Managing Member and any Non-Tax Equity Project Company, subject to Permitted Liens, and the Issuer shall take all actions necessary to obtain and maintain, in favor of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders, a first priority, perfected Lien on the Trust Estate and the pledged assets of the Managing Member and any Non-Tax Equity Project Company, subject to Permitted Liens. The Issuer will from time to time prepare, execute (or authorize the filing of) and deliver all such supplements and amendments hereto and all such financing statements, continuation statements, instruments of further assurance, and other instruments, and will take such other action as may be necessary or advisable to 
 A-22 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(i) provide further assurance with respect to such Grant and or Grant more effectively all or any portion of the Trust Estate 
 (ii) (A) maintain and preserve the Lien (and the priority thereof) in favor of the Indenture Trustee created by this Indenture and any other Transaction Document and (B) enforce the terms and provisions of this Indenture or carry out more effectively the purposes hereof 
 (iii) perfect or protect the validity of any Grant made or to be made by this Indenture and any other Transaction Document 
 (iv) enforce its rights under the Transaction Documents or 
 (v) preserve and defend title to any asset included in the Trust Estate and the pledged assets of the Managing Member and any Non-Tax Equity Project Company and the rights of the Indenture Trustee and of the Noteholders in the Trust Estate and the pledged assets of the Managing Member and any Non-Tax Equity Project Company against the claims of all Persons. 
 The Issuer shall deliver or cause to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee file stamped copies of, or filing receipts for, any document recorded, registered or filed as provided above, as soon as available following such recording, registration or filing. The Issuer shall cooperate fully with the Indenture Trustee in connection with the obligations set forth above and will execute (or authorize the filing of) any and all documents reasonably required to fulfill the intent of this Section 3.05 . 
 (b) The Issuer hereby irrevocably appoints the Indenture Trustee as its agent and attorney-in-fact (such appointment being coupled with an interest) to execute, or authorize the filing of, upon the Issuer s failure to do so, any financing statement or continuation statement required pursuant to this Section 3.05 provided, however , that such designation shall not be deemed to create any duty in the Indenture Trustee to monitor the compliance of the Issuer with the foregoing covenants and provided further , that the Indenture Trustee shall only be obligated to execute or authorize such financing statement or continuation statement upon written direction of the Transaction Manager and upon written notice to a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee of the failure of the Issuer to comply with the provisions of Section 3.05(a) shall not be required to pay any fees, Taxes or other governmental charges in connection therewith and shall not be required to prepare any financing statement or continuation statement required pursuant to this Section 3.05 (which shall in each case be prepared by the Issuer or the Transaction Manager). The Issuer shall cooperate with the Transaction Manager and provide to the Transaction Manager any information, documents or instruments with respect to such financing statement or continuation statement that the Transaction Manager may reasonably require. Neither the Indenture Trustee nor any of its officers, directors, employees, attorneys or agents will be responsible or liable for the existence, genuineness, value or protection of any collateral securing the Notes, for the legality, enforceability, effectiveness or sufficiency of the Transaction Documents or any financing statement or continuation statement for the creation, perfection, continuation, priority, sufficiency or protection of any of the liens, or for any defect or deficiency as to any such matters, for monitoring the status of any lien or performance of the collateral or for the accuracy or sufficiency of any financing statement or continuation statement prepared for its execution or authorization hereunder. 
 A-23 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(c) Except as necessary or advisable in connection with the fulfillment by the Indenture Trustee of its duties and obligations described herein or in any other Transaction Document, the Indenture Trustee shall not remove any portion of the Trust Estate that consists of money or is evidenced by an instrument, certificate or other writing from the jurisdiction in which it was held as described in the most recent Opinion of Counsel that was delivered pursuant to Section 3.06 (or from the jurisdiction in which it was held as described in the Opinion of Counsel delivered at the Closing Date pursuant to Section 2.12(c) , if no Opinion of Counsel has yet been delivered pursuant to Section 3.06 unless the Indenture Trustee shall have first received an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that the Lien created by this Indenture with respect to such property will continue to be maintained after giving effect to such action or actions. 
 (d) No later than 30 days prior to any Sunnova Entity making any change in its or their name, identity, jurisdiction of organization or structure which would make any financing statement or continuation statement filed in accordance with Section 3.05(a) above seriously misleading within the meaning of Section 9-506 of the UCC as in effect in New York or wherever else necessary or appropriate under Applicable Law, or otherwise impair the perfection of the Lien on the Trust Estate or the pledged assets of the Managing Member and any Non-Tax Equity Project Company, the Issuer shall give or cause to be given to the Indenture Trustee written notice of any such change and shall file such financing statements or amendments as may be necessary to continue the perfection of the Indenture Trustee's Lien on the Trust Estate or the pledged assets of the Managing Member and any Non-Tax Equity Project Company. None of Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor, the Depositor or the Issuer shall become or seek to become organized under the laws of more than one jurisdiction. 
 (e) The Issuer shall give the Indenture Trustee written notice at least 30 days prior to any relocation of any Sunnova Entity's respective principal executive office or jurisdiction of organization and whether, as a result of such relocation, the applicable provisions of relevant law or the UCC would require the filing of any amendment of any previously filed financing or continuation statement or of any new financing statement and shall file such financing statements or amendments as may be necessary to continue the perfection of the Indenture Trustee's Lien on the Trust Estate. The Issuer shall at all times maintain its principal executive office and jurisdiction of organization within the United States of America. 
 Section 3.06 Opinions and Officer's Certificates as to Trust Estate . 
 (a) On the Closing Date and, if requested by the Indenture Trustee on the date of each supplemental indenture hereto, the Issuer shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that, in the opinion of such counsel, either (i) such action has been taken with respect to the recording and filing of the requisite documents (and assuming the filing of any required financing statements and continuation statements) as are necessary to perfect and make effective the Lien on the Trust Estate in favor of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, created by this Indenture, subject to Permitted Liens, and reciting the details of such action or (ii) no such action is necessary to make such Lien effective. 
 (b) On or before the thirtieth day prior to the fifth anniversary of the Closing Date and every five years thereafter until the earlier of the Rated Final Maturity or the Termination Date, the Issuer shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee an Officer's Certificate either stating that (i) such action has been taken with respect to the recording, filing, re-recording and re-filing of the 
 A-24 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

requisite documents including the filing of any financing statements and continuation statements as is necessary to maintain the Lien created by this Indenture with respect to the Trust Estate and reciting the details of such action or (ii) no such action is necessary to maintain such Lien. The Issuer shall also provide the Indenture Trustee with a file stamped copy of any document or instrument filed as described in such Officer's Certificate contemporaneously with the delivery of such Officer's Certificate. Such Officer's Certificate shall also describe the recording, filing, re-recording and re-filing of the requisite documents, including the filing of any financing statements and continuation statements that will be required to maintain the Lien of this Indenture with respect to the Trust Estate. If the Officer's Certificate delivered to the Indenture Trustee hereunder specifies future action to be taken by the Issuer, the Issuer shall furnish a further Officer's Certificate no later than the time so specified in such former Officer's Certificate to the extent required by this Section 3.06 . 
 Section 3.07 Statement as to Compliance . The Issuer will deliver to the Indenture Trustee and the Rating Agency, within 120 days after the end of each calendar year (beginning with calendar year 2025), an Officer's Certificate of the Issuer stating, as to the signer thereof, that, (a) a review of the activities of the Issuer during the preceding calendar year and of its performance under this Indenture has been made under such officer's supervision, (b) to the best of such officer's knowledge, based on such review, the Issuer has fulfilled all its obligations under this Indenture throughout such year, or, if there has been a default in the fulfillment of any such obligation, specifying each such default known to such officer and the nature and status thereof and remedies therefor being pursued, and (c) to the best of such officer's knowledge, based on such review, no event has occurred and has been waived which is, or after notice or lapse of time or both would become, an Event of Default hereunder or, if such an event has occurred and has not been waived, specifying each such event known to him or her and the nature and status thereof and remedies therefor being pursued. 
 Section 3.08 Schedule of Solar Assets . Upon any acquisition of Qualified Substitute Solar Assets, the Issuer shall cause the Transaction Manager to update the Schedule of Solar Assets to add such Qualified Substitute Solar Assets to the Schedule of Solar Assets and deliver such updated Schedule of Solar Assets to the Indenture Trustee. 
 Section 3.09 Recording . The Issuer will, upon the Closing Date and thereafter from time to time, prepare and cause financing statements and such other instruments as may be required with respect thereto, including without limitation, the Financing Statements to be filed, registered and recorded as may be required by present or future law (with file stamped copies thereof delivered to the Indenture Trustee) to create, perfect and protect the Lien hereof upon the Trust Estate and the pledged assets of the Managing Member and any Non-Tax Equity Project Company, and protect the validity of this Indenture. The Issuer shall, from time to time, perform or cause to be performed any other act as required by law and shall execute (or authorize, as applicable) or cause to be executed (or authorized, as applicable) any and all further instruments (including financing statements, continuation statements and similar statements with respect to any of said documents with file stamped copies thereof delivered to the Indenture Trustee) that are necessary or reasonably requested by the Indenture Trustee for such creation, perfection and protection. The Issuer shall pay, or shall cause to be paid, all filing, registration and recording taxes and fees incident thereto, and all expenses, Taxes and other governmental charges incident to or in connection with the preparation, execution, authorization, delivery or acknowledgment of the recordable documents, any instruments of further assurance, and the Notes. 
 Section 3.10 Agreements Not to Institute Bankruptcy Proceedings Additional Covenants Covenants with Respect to the Managing Member and Project Company. 
 A-25 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(a) The Issuer shall only voluntarily institute any Proceedings to adjudicate the Issuer, the Managing Member or the Project Company as bankrupt or insolvent, consent to the institution of bankruptcy or Insolvency Proceedings against the Issuer, the Managing Member or the Project Company, file a petition seeking or consenting to reorganization or relief under any applicable federal or State law relating to bankruptcy, consent to the appointment of a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, sequestrator (or other similar official) of the Issuer or a substantial part of its property or admit its inability to pay its debts generally as they become due or authorize any of the foregoing to be done or taken on behalf of the Issuer, in accordance with the terms of the Issuer Operating Agreement. 
 (b) So long as any of the Notes are Outstanding 
 (i) The Issuer will keep in full effect its existence, rights and franchises as a limited liability company under the laws of the State of Delaware and will obtain and preserve its qualification to do business in each jurisdiction in which such qualification is or shall be necessary to protect the validity and enforceability of this Indenture, the Notes and each asset included in the Trust Estate. 
 (ii) The Issuer shall not consolidate or merge with or into any other entity or convey or transfer its properties and assets substantially as an entirety to any entity unless (A) the entity (if other than the Issuer) formed or surviving such consolidation or merger, or that acquires by conveyance or transfer the properties and assets of the Issuer substantially as an entirety, shall be organized and existing under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof as a special purpose bankruptcy remote entity, and shall expressly assume in form satisfactory to the Rating Agency the obligation to make due and punctual payments of principal and interest on the Notes then Outstanding and the performance of every covenant on the part of the Issuer to be performed or observed pursuant to this Indenture, (B) immediately after giving effect to such transaction, no Default or Event of Default under this Indenture shall have occurred and be continuing, (C) such consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer would not violate any applicable Designated Transfer Restriction, (D) the Issuer shall have delivered to the Rating Agency and the Indenture Trustee an Officer s Certificate of the Issuer and an Opinion of Counsel, each stating that such consolidation, merger, conveyance or transfer complies with this Indenture and (E) the Issuer shall have given prior written notice of such consolidation or merger to the Rating Agency. 
 (iii) The funds and other assets of the Issuer shall not be commingled with those of any other Person except to the extent expressly permitted under the Transaction Documents. 
 (iv) The Issuer shall not be, become or hold itself out as being liable for the debts of any other Person. 
 (v) The Issuer shall not form, or cause to be formed, any subsidiaries. 
 (vi) The Issuer shall act solely in its own name and through its Authorized Officers or duly authorized agents in the conduct of its business, and shall conduct its business so as not to mislead others as to the identity of the entity with which they are 
 A-26 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

concerned. The Issuer shall not have any employees other than the Authorized Officers of the Issuer. 
 (vii) The Issuer shall maintain its records and books of account and shall not commingle its records and books of account with the records and books of account of any other Person. The books of the Issuer may be kept (subject to any provision contained in the applicable statutes) inside or outside the State of Delaware at such place or places as may be designated from time to time by the Issuer Operating Agreement. 
 (viii) All actions of the Issuer shall be taken by an Authorized Officer of the Issuer (or any Person acting on behalf of the Issuer). 
 (ix) The Issuer shall not amend its certificate of formation (except as required under Delaware law) or the Issuer Operating Agreement, without first giving prior written notice of such amendment to the Rating Agency (a copy of which shall be provided to the Indenture Trustee). 
 (x) The Issuer maintains and will maintain the formalities of the form of its organization. 
 (xi) The annual financial statements of SEI and its consolidated subsidiaries will disclose the effects of the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents in accordance with GAAP. Any consolidated financial statements which consolidate the assets and earnings of SEI, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor or the Depositor with those of the Issuer will contain a footnote to the effect that the assets of the Issuer will not be available to creditors of SEI, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor or the Depositor or any other Person other than creditors of the Issuer. The financial statements of the Issuer, if any, will disclose that the assets of SEI, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor and the Depositor are not available to pay creditors of the Issuer. 
 (xii) Other than certain costs and expenses related to the issuance of the Notes and pursuant to the Performance Guaranty or the Transaction Management Agreement, none of Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor, Sunnova Management or the Depositor shall pay the Issuer's expenses, guarantee the Issuer's obligations or advance funds to the Issuer for payment of expenses except for costs and expenses for which Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor, Sunnova Management or Depositor is required to make payments, in which case the Issuer will reimburse such Person for such payment. 
 (xiii) All business correspondences of the Issuer are and will be conducted in the Issuer s own name. 
 (xiv) Other than as contemplated by the Transaction Documents, no Sunnova Entity acts or will act as agent of the Issuer and the Issuer does not and will not act as agent of any Sunnova Entity. 
 A-27 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(xv) Reserved . 
 (xvi) The Issuer shall not make any expenditure (by long-term or operating lease or otherwise) to acquire capital assets (either realty or personalty) other than pursuant to the Managing Member Contribution Agreement. 
 (xvii) The Issuer shall comply with the requirements of all Applicable Laws, the non-compliance with which would have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Issuer. 
 (xviii) The Issuer shall not, directly or indirectly, (A) pay any dividend or make any distribution (by reduction of capital or otherwise), whether in cash, property, securities or a combination thereof, to any owner of a beneficial interest in the Issuer or otherwise with respect to any ownership or equity interest or security in or of the Issuer or to the Transaction Manager, (B) redeem, purchase, retire or otherwise acquire for value any such ownership or equity interest or security or (C) set aside or otherwise segregate any amounts for any such purpose provided , however , that the Issuer may make, or cause to be made, distributions to its beneficial owners, the Transaction Manager, and the Indenture Trustee as permitted by, and to the extent funds are available for such purpose under, this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents (including distributions of any Grid Services Net Revenue, SRECs, SREC Proceeds or proceeds related to Rebates generated with respect to the Solar Assets). The Issuer will not, directly or indirectly, make payments to or distributions from the Collection Account or any other Account except in accordance with this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents. 
 (c) So long as any of the Notes remain Outstanding, the Issuer agrees, as the sole member of the Managing Member, that it will 
 (i) determine whether or not to exercise the Purchase Option in accordance with the Project Company LLCA. The Issuer will make such determination, and if it determines to do so, will exercise the Purchase Option no later than six (6) months following the Call Date in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Project Company LLCA. Such determination will take into account whether sufficient funds are available in the Supplemental Reserve Account to pay the Purchase Option Price, and if such funds are not then available in the Supplemental Reserve Account, the Issuer shall make a determination, in accordance with the Project Company LLCA and the Transaction Documents, whether to exercise the Purchase Option as soon thereafter as such funds are available in the Supplemental Reserve Account. Upon the Issuer's exercise and completion of the Purchase Option, the Issuer shall (i) instruct the Project Company to pay all distributions to be made by the Project Company to the Issuer in respect of the membership interests of the Managing Member and the membership interest of the Tax Equity Investor Member directly to the Collection Account, (ii) deliver to the Indenture Trustee the original certificate of membership interests of the Managing Member and the membership interests of the Tax Equity Investor Member together with instruments of transfer executed in blank, and (iii) cause the Managing Member to amend the Project Company LLCA to require the Project Company to have at all times an Independent Director 
 A-28 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(ii) cause the Managing Member to comply with the provisions of its operating agreement and not to take any action that would cause the Managing Member to violate the provisions of its operating agreement 
 (iii) cause the Managing Member to maintain all material licenses and permits required to carry on its business as now conducted and in accordance with the provisions of the Transaction Documents, except to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders 
 (iv) not permit or consent to the admission of any new member of the Managing Member other than an independent member in accordance with the provisions of the limited liability company agreement of the Managing Member 
 (v) cause the Managing Member not to make any material amendment to the Project Company LLCA that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders except to conform the provisions of the Project Company LLCA to (or that are not materially less favorable to the interest of Noteholders than) the other Transaction Documents and cause the Managing Member not to make any material amendment to its operating agreement that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders 
 (vi) if applicable, cause the Managing Member (a) to comply with and enforce the provisions of the Tax Loss Insurance Policy and (b) not to consent to any amendment to the Tax Loss Insurance Policy to the extent that such amendment would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders 
 (vii) if applicable, so long as the Managing Member is the managing member of the Project Company, cause the Project Company to comply with and enforce the provisions of the Tax Loss Insurance Policy 
 (viii) cause the Managing Member to cause the Project Company to (a) comply with the provisions of each Project Company Document and (b) not take any action that would violate the provisions of the Project Company Documents, and cause the Managing Member to not to make any material amendment to its operating agreement that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders 
 (ix) cause the Managing Member to cause the Project Company and cause the Managing Member to maintain all material licenses and permits required to carry on its business as now conducted and in accordance with the provisions of the Project Company Documents, except to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the interests of the Noteholders 
 (x) not consent to the admission of any new member of the Project Company other than pursuant to the exercise of the Purchase Option, or otherwise in connection with any transfer by the Tax Equity Investor Member pursuant to the Project Company Documents 
 A-29 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(xi) not consent to or approve any material amendment to the Project Company LLCA or other Project Company Document that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the interests of Noteholders except (A) to the extent that any such consent is expressly required pursuant to the terms of the Project Company LLCA or (B) to conform the provisions of the Project Company LLCA or other Project Company Document to the other Transaction Documents and 
 (xii) to the extent the Managing Member acquires the membership interest of the Tax Equity Investor Member of the Project Company, as a result of any exercise of the Purchase Option, or otherwise, cause the Managing Member to cause the Project Company to execute and deliver to Indenture Trustee a joinder to the Pledge and Security Agreement, duly executed by the Project Company, pursuant to which the Project Company becomes a Grantor under the Pledge and Security Agreement thereunder. 
 Section 3.11 Providing of Notice. 
 (a) The Issuer, upon learning of any failure on the part of any Sunnova Entity to observe or perform in any material respect any covenant, representation or warranty set forth in any Transaction Document to which it is a party, as applicable, or upon learning of any Default, Event of Default, Transaction Manager Termination Event, Project Company Manager Termination Event or Project Company Servicer Termination Event, proposed amendment of any Project Company Document which could reasonably be expected to be materially adverse to the Noteholders or resignation or removal of the Project Company Manager or Project Company Servicer, shall promptly, and in any event within two (2) Business Days of becoming aware thereof, notify, in writing, the Indenture Trustee and the applicable Sunnova Entities of such failure or Default, Event of Default, Transaction Manager Termination Event, Project Company Manager Termination Event or Project Company Servicer Termination Event, proposed material amendment of any Project Company Document or resignation or removal of the Project Company Manager or Project Company Servicer. The Indenture Trustee, upon receiving such written notice, shall act in accordance with Section 7.02(a) hereof. 
 (b) The Indenture Trustee, upon receiving written notice from the Issuer of the Performance Guarantor's failure to perform any covenant or obligation of the Performance Guarantor set forth in the Performance Guaranty, shall promptly notify, in writing, the Performance Guarantor of such failure. 
 Section 3.12 Representations and Warranties of the Issuer . The Issuer hereby represents and warrants to the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders that as of the Closing Date and each Transfer Date 
 (a) The Issuer is duly formed and is validly existing as a limited liability company in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware with full power and authority to execute and deliver this Indenture, the Transaction Management Agreement, the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, the Custodial Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party and to perform the terms and provisions hereof and thereof the Issuer is duly qualified to do business as a foreign business entity in good standing, and has obtained all required licenses and approvals, if any, in all jurisdictions in which the ownership or lease of property or the conduct of its business requires such qualifications except those jurisdictions in 
 A-30 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

which failure to be so qualified would not have a material adverse effect on the business or operations of the Issuer, the Trust Estate, the Noteholders or the Conveyed Property. 
 (b) All necessary action has been taken by the Issuer to authorize the Issuer, and the Issuer has full power and authority, to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Indenture, the Transaction Management Agreement, the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, the Custodial Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party, and no consent or approval of any Person is required for the execution, delivery or performance by the Issuer of this Indenture, the Transaction Management Agreement, the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, the Custodial Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party except for any consent or approval that has previously been obtained. 
 (c) This Indenture, the Transaction Management Agreement, the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, the Custodial Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party have been duly executed and delivered, and the execution and delivery of this Indenture, the Transaction Management Agreement, the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, the Custodial Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party by the Issuer and its performance and compliance with the terms hereof and thereof will not violate its certificate of formation or the Issuer Operating Agreement or constitute a default (or an event which, with notice or lapse of time, or both, would constitute a default) under, or result in the breach of, any material contract or any other material agreement or instrument (including, without limitation, the Transaction Documents) to which the Issuer is a party or which may be applicable to the Issuer or any of its assets. 
 (d) This Indenture, the Transaction Management Agreement, the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, the Custodial Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party constitute valid, legal and binding obligations of the Issuer, enforceable against it in accordance with their respective terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium and other similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a Proceeding at law or in equity). 
 (e) The Issuer is not in violation of, and the execution, delivery and performance of this Indenture, the Transaction Management Agreement, the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, the Custodial Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party by the Issuer will not constitute a violation with respect to, any order or decree of any court or any order, regulation or demand of any federal, State, municipal or governmental agency, which violation might have consequences that would have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Issuer. 
 (f) No Proceeding of any kind, including but not limited to litigation, arbitration, judicial or administrative, is pending or, to the Issuer's knowledge, threatened in writing against or contemplated by the Issuer which would have a Material Adverse Effect with respect to the Issuer. 
 (g) Each of the representations and warranties of the Issuer set forth in the Transaction Management Agreement, the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, the Issuer 
 A-31 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Operating Agreement and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party is, as of the Closing Date, true and correct in all material respects. 
 (h) There are no ongoing material breaches or defaults under the Transaction Documents or any of the Project Company Documents by the Issuer or any of its affiliates or, to its knowledge, as of the Closing Date, any of the other parties to the Transaction Documents or Project Company Documents. 
 (i) The Issuer has not incurred debt or engaged in activities not related to the transactions contemplated hereunder or under the Transaction Documents except as permitted by the Issuer Operating Agreement or Section 3.04 . 
 (j) The Issuer is not insolvent and did not become insolvent as a result of the Grant pursuant to this Indenture the Issuer is not engaged and is not about to engage in any business or transaction for which any property remaining with the Issuer is unreasonably small capital or for which the remaining assets of the Issuer are unreasonably small in relation to the business of the Issuer or the transaction the Issuer does not intend to incur, and does not believe or reasonably should not have believed that it would incur, debts beyond its ability to pay as they become due and the Issuer has not made a transfer or incurred an obligation and does not intend to make such a transfer or incur such an obligation with actual intent to hinder, delay or defraud any entity to which the Issuer was or became, on or after the date that such transfer was made or such obligation was incurred, indebted. 
 (k) The proceeds from the issuance of the Notes will be used by the Issuer to (i) pay the Depositor the purchase price for the Conveyed Property pursuant to the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, (ii) pay certain expenses incurred in connection with the issuance of the Notes and (iii) make the required deposits into the Liquidity Reserve Account and Supplemental Reserve Account. The Depositor will distribute the portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Notes received from the Issuer under clause (i) above to Sunnova SOL VIII Investor, who will distribute such proceeds to Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, who will distribute such proceeds to Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, who will distribute such proceeds to Sunnova Energy, which will use such proceeds to simultaneously prepay prior financing arrangements of its subsidiaries and to obtain releases of all assets securing such financing arrangements that will form part of the Trust Estate. 
 (l) (i) The transfer of the Conveyed Property by the Depositor to the Issuer pursuant to the Managing Member Contribution Agreement is an absolute transfer for legal purposes, (ii) the Grant of the Trust Estate by the Issuer pursuant to the terms of this Indenture is a pledge for financial accounting purposes, and (iii) the Notes will be treated by the Issuer as indebtedness for U.S. federal income tax purposes. In this regard, (i) the financial statements of SEI and its consolidated subsidiaries will show (A) that the Conveyed Property is owned by such consolidated group and (B) that the Notes are indebtedness of the consolidated group (and will contain appropriate footnotes describing that the assets of the Issuer will not be available to creditors of SEI, Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor or the Depositor or any other Person other than creditors of the Issuer), and (ii) the U.S. federal income tax returns of SEI and its consolidated subsidiaries that are regarded entities for U.S. federal income tax purposes will indicate that the Notes are indebtedness. 
 A-32 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(m) As of the Initial Cut-Off Date, the Aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance is at least and the Securitization Share of DSAB of all Solar Assets is approximately . 
 (n) The legal name of the Issuer is as set forth in this Indenture the Issuer has no trade names, fictitious names, assumed names or doing business as names. 
 (o) No item comprising the Trust Estate has been sold, transferred, assigned or pledged by the Issuer to any Person other than the Indenture Trustee or as otherwise permitted under the Transaction Documents immediately prior to the pledge of the Trust Estate on the Closing Date to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Indenture, the Issuer was the sole owner thereof and had good and indefeasible title thereto, free of any Lien other than Permitted Liens. 
 (p) Upon (i) the filing of the Perfection UCCs in accordance with Applicable Law and (ii) the delivery to the Indenture Trustee of the certificates evidencing the Managing Member Membership Interest and the membership interests of the Managing Member in the Project Company, together with instruments of transfer, the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, shall have a first priority perfected Lien on the Conveyed Property and the other items comprising the Trust Estate and in the proceeds thereof, limited with respect to proceeds to the extent set forth in Section 9-315 of the UCC as in effect in the applicable jurisdiction, subject to Permitted Liens. All filings (including, without limitation, UCC filings) and other actions as are necessary in any jurisdiction to provide third parties with notice of and to document the transfer and assignment of the Trust Estate and the pledged assets of the Managing Member and to give the Indenture Trustee a first priority perfected Lien on the Trust Estate and the pledged assets of the Managing Member (subject to Permitted Liens), including delivery of the Custodian Files to the Custodian and the payment of any fees, have been made or, with respect to Termination Statements, will be made within one Business Day of the Closing Date. 
 (q) None of (i) the absolute transfer of the Conveyed Property by Sunnova Intermediate Holdings to Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings pursuant to the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, the absolute transfer of the Conveyed Property by Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings to the Sunnova SOL VIII Investor pursuant to the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, the absolute transfer of the Conveyed Property by Sunnova SOL VIII Investor to the Depositor pursuant to the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, the absolute transfer of the Conveyed Property by the Depositor to the Issuer pursuant to the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, or (ii) the Grant by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Indenture is subject to the bulk transfer or any similar statutory provisions in effect in any applicable jurisdiction. 
 (r) The Issuer is not, and after giving effect to the offering and sale of the Notes and the application of the proceeds thereof, will not be required to register as an investment company as such term is defined in the 1940 Act. In making this determination, the Issuer is relying on an exclusion or exemption from the definition of investment company contained in Section 3(a)(1) of the 1940 Act, although additional exclusions or exemptions may be available to the Issuer at the Closing Date or in the future. 
 (s) The Issuer is being structured so as not to constitute a covered fund for purposes of Section 619 of the Dodd Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, based on its current interpretations. In determining that the Issuer is not a covered fund , the Issuer will not be relying solely on an exclusion or exemption from the definition of investment 
 A-33 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

company under the 1940 Act contained in Section 3(c)(1) and or Section 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act. 
 (t) The principal place of business and the chief executive office of the Issuer are located in the State of Texas and the jurisdiction of organization of the Issuer is the State of Delaware, and there are no other such locations. 
 (u) None of the Sunnova Entities is or as of the Closing Date will be, and, to the knowledge of such Sunnova Entity, no director, officer, agent, employee or affiliate of such Sunnova Entity is or as of the Closing Date will be, the target of any economic sanctions administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the United States Department of the Treasury OFAC and no Sunnova Entity will, in violation of applicable sanctions, use, directly or indirectly, any of the proceeds of the offering of the Notes contemplated hereby, or lend, contribute or otherwise make available such proceeds to any subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person or entity, for the purpose of conducting business in or with, engaging in any transaction in or with, or financing the activities of, any country, person, or entity that is the target of any U.S. economic sanctions administered by OFAC. 
 (v) None of the Sunnova Entities or any of their affiliates nor, to the knowledge of the Sunnova Entities, any of their respective directors, officers, employees or agents, shall use any of the proceeds of the sale of the Notes (i) for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity, (ii) to make any act in furtherance of an offer, promise or authorization of any direct or indirect unlawful payment or benefit to any foreign or domestic government or regulatory official or employee, including of any government-owned or controlled entity or of a public international organization, or any person acting in an official capacity for or on behalf of any of the foregoing, or any political party or party official or candidate for political office, (iii) to violate any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or similar anti-corruption law to which they are lawfully subject, or (iv) to make, offer, agree, request or take an act in furtherance of any unlawful bribe, or other unlawful benefit, including, without limitation, any unlawful rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful or improper payment or benefit. 
 (w) Representations and warranties regarding the Lien and Custodian Files, in each case, made as of the Closing Date and each Transfer Date 
 (i) The Grant contained in the Granting Clause of this Indenture creates a valid and continuing Lien on the Conveyed Property in favor of the Indenture Trustee, which Lien is prior to all other Liens arising under the UCC (other than Permitted Liens), and is enforceable as such against creditors of the Issuer, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, fraudulent conveyance, reorganization, moratorium and similar laws affecting creditors rights and remedies generally, and to general principles of equity (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in a Proceeding at law or in equity). 
 (ii) Reserved . 
 (iii) The Managing Member Membership Interest constitutes investment property within the meaning of the UCC. 
 A-34 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(iv) The rights to Managing Member Distributions constitute general intangibles , accounts or chattel paper within the meaning of the UCC. 
 (v) The Issuer owns and has good and marketable title to the Trust Estate free and clear of any Lien, claim or encumbrance of any Person, other than Permitted Liens. 
 (vi) The Issuer has caused or will have caused, within ten days of the Closing Date, the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing office in the appropriate jurisdictions under Applicable Law in order to perfect the Lien on the Trust Estate granted to the Indenture Trustee hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents. 
 (vii) The Issuer has received a Closing Date Certification from the Custodian which certifies that the Custodian is holding the Custodian Files that evidence the Solar Assets solely on behalf and for the benefit of the Indenture Trustee. 
 (viii) Other than Permitted Liens or sales or conveyances permitted by the Transaction Documents, none of the Issuer or the Managing Member has pledged, assigned, sold, granted a Lien on, or otherwise conveyed any portion of the Trust Estate or any Collateral (as defined in the Pledge and Security Agreement) pledged pursuant to the Pledge and Security Agreement. The Issuer, the Managing Member or the Project Company has not authorized the filing of and is not aware of any financing statements against the Issuer that include a description of collateral covering any portion of the Trust Estate or any Collateral pledged pursuant to the Pledge and Security Agreement other than any financing statement relating to the security interest granted to the Indenture Trustee hereunder or that have been terminated. The Issuer is not aware of any judgment or tax lien filings against the Issuer. 
 (ix) The Issuer has taken all action required on its part for control (as defined in Section 8-106 of the UCC) to have been obtained by the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders over the Managing Member Membership Interest with respect to which such control may be obtained pursuant to the UCC. No person other than the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders has control or possession of all or any part of the Managing Member Membership Interest. Without limiting the foregoing, all certificates evidencing the Managing Member Membership Interest in existence on the date hereof have been delivered to the Indenture Trustee on behalf of the Noteholders. 
 The foregoing representations and warranties in Section 3.12(w)(i)-3.12(w)(ix) shall remain in full force and effect and shall not be waived or amended until the Notes are paid in full or otherwise released or discharged except in accordance with this Indenture. 
 Section 3.13 Representations and Warranties of the Indenture Trustee . The Indenture Trustee hereby represents and warrants to the Rating Agency and the Noteholders that as of the Closing Date 
 (a) The Indenture Trustee has been duly organized and is validly existing as a national banking association 
 A-35 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(b) The Indenture Trustee has full power and authority and legal right to execute, deliver and perform its obligations under this Indenture and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party and has taken all necessary action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Indenture and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party 
 (c) This Indenture and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party have been duly executed and delivered by the Indenture Trustee and constitute the legal, valid, and binding obligations of the Indenture Trustee, enforceable against the Indenture Trustee in accordance with their respective terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, liquidation, moratorium, fraudulent conveyance, or similar laws affecting creditors or creditors of banks rights and or remedies generally or by general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforcement is sought in a Proceeding in equity or at law) 
 (d) The execution, delivery and performance of this Indenture and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party by the Indenture Trustee will not constitute a violation with respect to any order or decree of any court or any order, regulation or demand of any federal, State, municipal or governmental agency binding on the Indenture Trustee or such of its property which is material to it, which violation might have consequences that would materially and adversely affect the performance of its duties under this Indenture 
 (e) The execution, delivery and performance of this Indenture and each other Transaction Document to which it is a party by the Indenture Trustee do not require any approval or consent of any Person, do not conflict with the Articles of Association and Bylaws of the Indenture Trustee, and do not and will not conflict with or result in a breach which would constitute a material default under any agreement applicable to it or such of its property which is material to it and 
 (f) No Proceeding of any kind, including but not limited to litigation, arbitration, judicial or administrative, is pending or, to the Indenture Trustee s knowledge, threatened against or contemplated by the Indenture Trustee which would have a reasonable likelihood of having an adverse effect on the execution, delivery, performance or enforceability of this Indenture or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party by or against the Indenture Trustee. 
 Section 3.14 Knowledge . Any references herein to the knowledge, discovery or learning of the Issuer or the Transaction Manager shall mean and refer to an Authorized Officer of the Issuer or the Transaction Manager, as applicable. 
 Section 3.15 Capital Contributions . Nothing herein shall prevent any direct or indirect member of the Issuer from making capital contributions to the Issuer, the Managing Member or the Project Company, which capital contribution shall be effected directly by such direct or indirect member to the Issuer, the Managing Member or the Project Company, and the Lien of this Indenture shall not attach to any such capital contribution. 
 Section 3.16 Rule 144A Information. So long as any of the Notes are outstanding, and the Issuer is not subject to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, upon the request of a Noteholder, the Issuer shall promptly furnish at such Noteholder s expense to such Noteholder, and the prospective purchasers designated by such Noteholder, the information required to be delivered pursuant to Rule 
 A-36 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

144A(d)(4)(i) under the Securities Act in order to permit compliance with Rule 144A under the Securities Act in connection with the resale of such Notes by such Noteholder. 
 Article IV Management, Administration and Servicing 
 Section 4.01 Transaction Management Agreement . 
 (a) The Transaction Management Agreement, duly executed counterparts of which have been received by the Indenture Trustee, sets forth the covenants and obligations of the Transaction Manager with respect to the Trust Estate and other matters addressed in the Transaction Management Agreement, and reference is hereby made to the Transaction Management Agreement for a detailed statement of said covenants and obligations of the Transaction Manager thereunder. The Issuer agrees that the Indenture Trustee, in its name or (to the extent required by law) in the name of the Issuer, may (but is not, unless so directed and indemnified by the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, required to) enforce all rights of the Issuer under the Transaction Management Agreement for and on behalf of the Noteholders whether or not a Default has occurred and has not been waived. 
 (b) Promptly following a request from the Indenture Trustee (acting at the direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class) to do so, the Issuer shall take all such commercially reasonable lawful action as the Indenture Trustee may request to compel or secure the performance and observance by the Transaction Manager of each of its obligations to the Issuer and with respect to the Trust Estate under or in connection with the Transaction Management Agreement, in accordance with the terms thereof, and in effecting such request shall exercise any and all rights, remedies, powers and privileges lawfully available to the Issuer under or in connection with the Transaction Management Agreement to the extent and in the manner directed by the Indenture Trustee, including, without limitation, the transmission of notices of default on the part of the Transaction Manager thereunder and the institution of Proceedings to compel or secure performance by the Transaction Manager of each of its obligations under the Transaction Management Agreement. 
 (c) The Issuer shall not waive any default by the Transaction Manager under the Transaction Management Agreement without the written consent of the Indenture Trustee (which shall be given at the written direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class). 
 (d) The Indenture Trustee does not assume any duty or obligation of the Issuer under the Transaction Management Agreement, and the rights given to the Indenture Trustee thereunder are subject to the provisions of Article VII . 
 (e) None of the Issuer, the Managing Member or the Project Company has or will provide any payment instructions to any Host Customer, PBI Obligor or TREC Obligor that are inconsistent with the Transaction Documents or Project Company Documents. 
 (f) With respect to the Transaction Manager s obligations under Section 4.3 of the Transaction Management Agreement, the Indenture Trustee shall not have any responsibility to the Issuer, the Transaction Manager or any party hereunder to make any inquiry or investigation as to, and shall have no obligation in respect of, the terms of any engagement of the Independent 
 A-37 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Accountant or any Qualified Service Provider by the Transaction Manager provided, however , that the Indenture Trustee shall be authorized, upon receipt of written direction from the Transaction Manager directing the Indenture Trustee, to execute any acknowledgment or other agreement with the Independent Accountant and any Qualified Service Provider required for the Indenture Trustee to receive any of the reports or instructions provided for herein, which acknowledgment or agreement may include, among other things, (i) acknowledgement that the Transaction Manager has agreed that the procedures to be performed by the Independent Accountant and any Qualified Service Provider are sufficient for the Issuer's purposes, (ii) acknowledgment that the Indenture Trustee has agreed that the procedures to be performed by the Independent Accountant and any Qualified Service Provider are sufficient for the Indenture Trustee's purposes and that the Indenture Trustee's purposes is limited solely to receipt of the report, (iii) releases by the Indenture Trustee (on behalf of itself and the Noteholders) of claims against the Independent Accountant and any Qualified Service Provider and acknowledgement of other limitations of liability in favor of the Independent Accountant and any Qualified Service Provider, and (iv) restrictions or prohibitions on the disclosure of information or documents provided to it by the Independent Accountant or any Qualified Service Provider (including to the Noteholders). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Indenture Trustee be required to execute any agreement in respect of the Independent Accountant or any Qualified Service Provider that the Indenture Trustee determines adversely affects it in its individual capacity or which is in a form that is not reasonably acceptable to the Indenture Trustee. 
 (g) In the event such Independent Accountant or any Qualified Service Provider require the Indenture Trustee, the Transaction Manager or the Transaction Transition Manager to agree to the procedures to be performed by such firm in any of the reports required to be prepared pursuant to Section 4.01(f) , the Transaction Manager shall direct the Indenture Trustee or the Transaction Transition Manager in writing to so agree it being understood and agreed that the Indenture Trustee or the Transaction Transition Manager will deliver such letter of agreement in conclusive reliance upon the direction of the Transaction Manager, and the Indenture Trustee or the Transaction Transition Manager has not made any independent inquiry or investigation as to, and shall have no obligation or liability in respect of, the sufficiency, validity or correctness of such procedures. The Indenture Trustee or the Transaction Transition Manager shall not be liable for any claims, liabilities or expenses relating to such accountants' engagement or any report issued in connection with such engagement, and the dissemination of any such report is subject to the written consent of the accountants. 
 Article V Accounts, Collections, Payments of Interest and Principal, Releases, and Statements to Noteholders 
 Section 5.01 Accounts . 
 (a) (i) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Issuer shall cause the Indenture Trustee to open and maintain in the name of the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, an Eligible Account (the Collection Account ), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Noteholders. The Collection Account shall initially be established with the Indenture Trustee. 
 A-38 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(ii) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Issuer shall cause the Indenture Trustee to open and maintain in the name of the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, an Eligible Account (the Supplemental Reserve Account ), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Noteholders. The Supplemental Reserve Account shall initially be established with the Indenture Trustee. 
 (iii) On or prior to the Closing Date, the Issuer shall cause the Indenture Trustee to open and maintain in the name of the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders, an Eligible Account (the Liquidity Reserve Account and together with the Collection Account and the Supplemental Reserve Account, the Accounts ), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Noteholders. The Liquidity Reserve Account shall initially be established with the Indenture Trustee. 
 (iv) Sunnova Energy has established and maintains an Eligible Account (the Host Customer Deposit Account ). 
 (b) Funds on deposit in the Collection Account, the Supplemental Reserve Account and the Liquidity Reserve Account shall be invested by the Indenture Trustee (or any custodian with respect to funds on deposit in any such account) in Eligible Investments selected in writing by the Transaction Manager (pursuant to standing instructions or otherwise). All such Eligible Investments shall be held by or on behalf of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders. 
 (c) All investment earnings of moneys pursuant to Section 5.01(b) deposited into the Collection Account, the Supplemental Reserve Account and the Liquidity Reserve Account shall be deposited (or caused to be deposited) by the Indenture Trustee into the Collection Account, and any loss resulting from such investments shall be charged to such Account. No investment of any amount held in any of the Collection Account, the Supplemental Reserve Account and the Liquidity Reserve Account shall mature later than the Business Day immediately preceding the Payment Date which is scheduled to occur immediately following the date of investment. The Transaction Manager, on behalf of the Issuer, will not direct the Indenture Trustee to make any investment of any funds held in any of the Accounts unless the security interest Granted and perfected in such account will continue to be perfected in such investment, in either case without any further action by any Person. 
 (d) The Indenture Trustee shall not in any way be held liable by reason of any insufficiency in any of the Accounts resulting from any loss on any Eligible Investment included therein except for losses attributable to the Indenture Trustee s negligence or bad faith, or its failure to make payments on such Eligible Investments issued by the Indenture Trustee, in its commercial capacity as principal obligor and not as Indenture Trustee, in accordance with their terms. 
 (e) The Indenture Trustee may purchase from or sell to itself or an Affiliate, as principal or agent, the Eligible Investments. With respect to clause (v) of the definition of Eligible Investments , Wilmington Trust, or an Affiliate thereof may charge and collect such fees from such funds as are collected customarily for services rendered to such funds (but not to exceed investments earnings thereon). 
 A-39 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(f) Funds on deposit in any Account shall remain uninvested if (i) the Transaction Manager shall have failed to give investment directions in writing for any funds on deposit in any Account to the Indenture Trustee by 1 00 p.m. Eastern time (or such other time as may be agreed by the Transaction Manager and the Indenture Trustee) on the Business Day on which such investment is to be made or (ii) based on the actual knowledge of, or receipt of written notice by, a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee, a Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing with respect to the Notes but the Notes shall not have been declared due and payable, or, if such Notes shall have been declared due and payable following an Event of Default, amounts collected or receivable from the Trust Estate are being applied as if there had not been such a declaration. 
 (g) Reserved . 
 (h) (i) The Indenture Trustee shall possess all right, title and interest in all funds on deposit from time to time in the Accounts and in all proceeds thereof (including, without limitation, all investment earnings on the Accounts) and all such funds, investments, proceeds and income shall be part of the Trust Estate. Except as otherwise provided herein, the Accounts shall be under the control (as defined in Section 9-104 of the UCC to the extent such account is a deposit account and Section 8-106 of the UCC to the extent such account is a securities account) of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders. If, at any time, any of the Accounts ceases to be an Eligible Account, the Indenture Trustee (or the Transaction Manager on its behalf) shall within five Business Days (or such longer period as to which the Rating Agency may consent) establish a new Account as an Eligible Account and shall transfer any cash and or any investments to such new Account. The Transaction Manager agrees that, in the event that any of the Accounts or the Host Customer Deposit Account are not accounts with the Indenture Trustee, the Transaction Manager shall notify the Indenture Trustee in writing promptly upon any of such Accounts or the Host Customer Deposit Account ceasing to be an Eligible Account. 
 (ii) With respect to the Account Property, the Indenture Trustee agrees that 
 (A) any Account Property that is held in deposit accounts shall be held solely in Eligible Accounts and, except as otherwise provided herein, each such Eligible Account shall be subject to the exclusive custody and control of the Indenture Trustee, and the Indenture Trustee shall have sole signature authority with respect thereto 
 (B) any Account Property that constitutes physical property shall be delivered to the Indenture Trustee in accordance with paragraph (i)(A) or (i)(B), as applicable, of the definition of Delivery and shall be held, pending maturity or disposition, solely by the Indenture Trustee 
 (C) any Account Property that is a book-entry security held through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to federal book-entry regulations shall be delivered in accordance with paragraph (i)(C) or (i)(E), as applicable, of the definition of Delivery and shall be maintained by the Indenture Trustee, pending maturity or disposition, through continued book-entry registration of such Account Property as described in such paragraph 
 A-40 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(D) any Account Property that is an uncertificated security under Article 8 of the UCC and that is not governed by clause (C) above shall be delivered to the Indenture Trustee in accordance with paragraph (i)(D) of the definition of Delivery and shall be maintained by the Indenture Trustee, pending maturity or disposition, through continued registration of the Indenture Trustee s (or its nominee s) ownership of such security 
 (E) the Transaction Manager shall have the power, revocable by the Indenture Trustee upon the occurrence of a Transaction Manager Termination Event, to instruct the Indenture Trustee to make withdrawals and payments from the Accounts for the purpose of permitting the Transaction Manager and the Indenture Trustee to carry out their respective duties hereunder and 
 (F) any Account held by it hereunder shall be maintained as a securities account as defined in the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect in New York (the New York UCC ), and that it shall be acting as a securities intermediary for the Indenture Trustee itself as the entitlement holder (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(7) of the New York UCC) with respect to each such Account. The parties hereto agree that each Account shall be governed by the laws of the State of New York, and regardless of any provision in any other agreement, the securities intermediary s jurisdiction (within the meaning of Section 8-110 of the New York UCC) shall be the State of New York. The Indenture Trustee acknowledges and agrees that (1) each item of property (whether investment property, financial asset, security, instrument or cash) credited to the Accounts shall be treated as a financial asset within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(9) of the New York UCC and (2) notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if at any time the Indenture Trustee (in its capacity as securities intermediary) shall receive any order from the Indenture Trustee (in its capacity as secured party) directing transfer or redemption of any financial asset relating to the Accounts, it shall comply with such entitlement order without further consent by the Issuer, or any other Person. In the event of any conflict of any provision of this Section 5.01(h)(i)(F) with any other provision of this Indenture or any other agreement or document, the provisions of this Section 5.01(h)(i)(F) shall prevail. 
 Section 5.02 Supplemental Reserve Account . 
 (a) (i) On the Closing Date, the Issuer will deliver to the Indenture Trustee an amount equal to for deposit into the Supplemental Reserve Account. On each Payment Date, to the extent of Available Funds and in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments, the Indenture Trustee shall, based on the Quarterly Transaction Report, deposit into the Supplemental Reserve Account an amount equal to the Supplemental Reserve Account Deposit until the amount on deposit equals the Supplemental Reserve Required Amount. 
 (ii) The Indenture Trustee shall release funds from the Supplemental Reserve Account to pay the following amounts as directed by the Transaction Manager set forth in an Officer s Certificate in a form reasonably satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee (no more than once per calendar month and, in each case with a reasonable volume of payment instructions delivered to the Indenture Trustee) at least two (2) Business Days in advance 
 A-41 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(A) to pay the costs (inclusive of labor costs, if applicable) of replacement of (x) any Inverter or Energy Storage System that no longer has the benefit of a Manufacturer Warranty or (y) any communication device for which the Project Company Manager is not obligated under the Project Company Management Agreement to cover the replacement costs of such communication device, Inverter or Energy Storage System (or if so obligated, fails to pay such costs), for the purpose of funding a loan by the Managing Member to the Project Company to pay for the replacement of such communication device, Inverter or Energy Storage System (or, if such a loan would not be permitted under the Project Company LLCA, the Managing Member shall provide such amount in the form of an additional capital contribution to the Project Company) and 
 (B) if the Project Company Purchase Option is exercised on or after the Call Date, for the payment of all or a portion of the Purchase Option Price when due and payable under the terms of the Project Company LLCA. 
 (iii) On each Payment Date, if the amount of Available Funds (after giving effect to all amounts deposited into the Collection Account from the Liquidity Reserve Account) is less than the amount necessary to make the distributions described in clauses (i) through (vi) of the Priority of Payments, an amount equal to the lesser of (i) the amount on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account and (ii) the amount of such insufficiency, will be withdrawn from the Supplemental Reserve Account and deposited into the Collection Account to be used as Available Funds. 
 (iv) If, the amount on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account exceeds the Supplemental Reserve Required Amount, the amount of such excess shall be transferred to the Collection Account for distribution as part of Available Funds pursuant to the Priority of Payments. 
 (v) All amounts on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account will be withdrawn and deposited into the Collection Account on the earlier of (i) the Rated Final Maturity and (ii) a Voluntary Prepayment Date in connection with a Voluntary Prepayment of each Class of Notes in whole. 
 (b) Notwithstanding Section 5.02(a)(i) , in lieu of or in substitution for moneys otherwise required to be deposited to the Supplemental Reserve Account, the Issuer (or the Transaction Manager on behalf of the Issuer) may deliver or cause to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee a Letter of Credit issued by an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank in an amount equal to the Supplemental Reserve Required Amount provided that any Supplemental Reserve Account Deposit required to be made after the replacement of amounts on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account with the Letter of Credit shall be made in deposits to the Supplemental Reserve Account as provided in the Priority of Payments or pursuant to an increase in the Letter of Credit, or addition of another Letter of Credit. The Letter of Credit shall be held as an asset of the Supplemental Reserve Account and valued for purposes of determining the amount on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account as the amount then available to be drawn on such Letter of Credit. Any references in the Transaction Documents to amounts on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account shall include the value of the Letter of Credit unless specifically excluded. If the amounts on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account are represented by a Letter of Credit, the Indenture Trustee shall be required to submit the drawing 
 A-42 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

documents to the Eligible Letter of Credit Bank to draw the full stated amount of the Letter of Credit and deposit the proceeds therefrom in the Supplemental Reserve Account in the following circumstances (i) if the Indenture Trustee is directed by the Transaction Manager on behalf of the Issuer, pursuant to an Officer s Certificate, to withdraw funds from the Supplemental Reserve Account for any reason (ii) if the Letter of Credit is scheduled to expire in accordance with its terms and has not been extended or replaced with a Letter of Credit issued by an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank by the date that is ten days prior to the expiration date or (iii) if the Indenture Trustee is directed by the Issuer, the Transaction Manager or the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, pursuant to an Officer s Certificate stating that the financial institution issuing the Letter of Credit ceases to be an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank. Any drawing on the Letter of Credit may be reimbursed by the Issuer only from amounts remitted to the Issuer pursuant to clause (xviii) of the Priority of Payments. The delivery of any original Letter of Credit or documents related thereto shall be made to the Indenture Trustee at its address set forth in Section 12.04 . 
 Section 5.03 Liquidity Reserve Account . 
 (a) On the Closing Date, the Issuer shall deposit or cause to be deposited an amount equal to the Liquidity Reserve Account Floor Amount into the Liquidity Reserve Account. 
 (b) As described in the Priority of Payments, to the extent of Available Funds, the Indenture Trustee shall, on each Payment Date, deposit Available Funds into the Liquidity Reserve Account until the amount on deposit therein shall equal the Liquidity Reserve Account Floor Amount. 
 (c) On the Business Date prior to each Payment Date, the Indenture Trustee shall, based on the Quarterly Transaction Report, transfer funds on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account into the Collection Account to the extent the amount on deposit in the Collection Account as of such Payment Date is less than the amount necessary to make the distributions described in clauses (i) through (vi) of the Priority of Payments. Based on the Quarterly Transaction Report, if the amount on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account exceeds the Liquidity Reserve Account Floor Amount on any Payment Date during a Regular Amortization Period, the amount of such excess will be transferred into the Supplemental Reserve Account. Based on the Quarterly Transaction Report, if the amount on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account exceeds the Liquidity Reserve Account Floor Amount on any Payment Date during an Early Amortization Period or Sequential Interest Amortization Period, the amount of such excess will be transferred to the Collection Account and will be part of the Available Funds distributed pursuant to the Priority of Payments. 
 (d) All amounts on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account will be withdrawn and deposited into the Collection Account on the earliest of (i) the Rated Final Maturity, (ii) the acceleration of the Notes following an Event of Default, (iii) a Voluntary Prepayment Date in connection with a Voluntary Prepayment of each Class of Notes in whole and (iv) the Payment Date on which the sum of Available Funds and the amount on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account is greater than or equal to the sum of (a) the payments and distributions required under clauses (i) through (vi) in the Priority of Payments, (b) all accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes (including any Class B Deferred Interest, Post-ARD Additional Note Interest or Deferred Post-ARD Additional Note Interest) and (c) the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance as of such 
 A-43 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Payment Date prior to any distributions made on such Payment Date and in any event not later than the Business Day prior to such Payment Date. 
 (e) Notwithstanding Section 5.03(a) , in lieu of or in substitution for moneys otherwise required to be deposited to the Liquidity Reserve Account, the Issuer (or the Transaction Manager on behalf of the Issuer) may deliver or cause to be delivered to the Indenture Trustee a Letter of Credit issued by an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank in an amount equal to the Liquidity Reserve Account Floor Amount provided that any deposit into the Liquidity Reserve Account required to be made after the replacement of amounts on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account with the Letter of Credit shall be made in deposits to the Liquidity Reserve Account as provided in the Priority of Payments or pursuant to an increase in the Letter of Credit, or addition of another Letter of Credit. The Letter of Credit shall be held as an asset of the Liquidity Reserve Account and valued for purposes of determining the amount on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account as the amount then available to be drawn on such Letter of Credit. Any references in the Transaction Documents to amounts on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account shall include the value of the Letter of Credit unless specifically excluded. If the amounts on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account are represented by a Letter of Credit, the Indenture Trustee shall be required to submit the drawing documents to the Eligible Letter of Credit Bank to draw the full stated amount of the Letter of Credit and deposit the proceeds therefrom in the Liquidity Reserve Account in the following circumstances (i) if the Indenture Trustee is directed by the Transaction Manager on behalf of the Issuer, pursuant to an Officer s Certificate, to withdraw funds from the Liquidity Reserve Account for any reason (ii) if the Letter of Credit is scheduled to expire in accordance with its terms and has not been extended or replaced with a Letter of Credit issued by an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank by the date that is ten days prior to the expiration date or (iii) if the Indenture Trustee is directed by the Issuer, the Transaction Manager or the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, pursuant to an Officer s Certificate stating that the financial institution issuing the Letter of Credit ceases to be an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank. Any drawing on the Letter of Credit may be reimbursed by the Issuer only from amounts remitted to the Issuer pursuant to clause (xviii) of the Priority of Payments. The delivery of any original Letter of Credit or documents related thereto shall be made to the Indenture Trustee at its address set forth in Section 12.04 . 
 Section 5.04 Reserved . 
 Section 5.05 Collection Account . 
 (a) On the Closing Date, the Transaction Manager, on behalf of the Issuer as owner of the Managing Member, shall have instructed the Managing Member to direct the Project Company to pay all Managing Member Distributions to the Collection Account. The Issuer shall cause all other amounts required to be deposited therein pursuant to the Transaction Documents, to be deposited within one Business Day of receipt thereof. The Indenture Trustee shall provide or make available electronically (or upon written request, by first class mail or facsimile) monthly statements on all amounts received in the Collection Account to the Issuer and the Transaction Manager. 
 (b) The Transaction Manager will be entitled to be reimbursed from amounts on deposit in the Collection Account with respect to a Collection Period for amounts previously deposited in the Collection Account but later determined by the Transaction Manager to have resulted from mistaken deposits or postings or checks returned for insufficient funds. The 
 A-44 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

amount to be reimbursed hereunder shall be paid to the Transaction Manager on the related Payment Date upon certification by the Transaction Manager of such amounts provided , however , that the Transaction Manager must provide such certification prior to the Determination Date immediately following such mistaken deposit, posting or returned check or costs and expenses, as applicable. 
 (c) The Indenture Trustee shall make distributions from the Collection Account as directed by the Transaction Manager in accordance with the Transaction Management Agreement. 
 (d) In accordance with Section 6.01(b) hereof, upon written direction from the Transaction Manager, the Indenture Trustee shall withdraw the partial Voluntary Prepayment from the Collection Account on the related Voluntary Prepayment Date and distribute the same in accordance with such written direction. 
 (e) The Issuer may direct the Indenture Trustee to withdraw proceeds from Grid Services Net Revenue, Rebates and SREC Proceeds from the Collection Account for distribution to the Depositor and the Indenture Trustee shall distribute such amounts to the Depositor on or prior to the next Determination Date (without requiring an Opinion of Counsel). To the extent proceeds from Grid Services Net Revenue, Rebates or SREC Proceeds on deposit in the Collection Account are not withdrawn by the next Determination Date succeeding their deposit therein, such amounts shall constitute Available Funds on the related Payment Date. 
 (f) Reserved 
 Section 5.06 Distribution of Funds in the Collection Account. 
 (a) On each Payment Date or Voluntary Prepayment Date with respect to payment of the Notes in full, Available Funds on deposit in the Collection Account shall be distributed by the Indenture Trustee, based solely on the information set forth in the related Quarterly Transaction Report or Voluntary Prepayment Transaction Manager Report, as applicable, in the following order and priority of payments (the Priority of Payments 
 (i) (A) to the Indenture Trustee, (1) the Indenture Trustee Fee for such Payment Date and (2)(x) any accrued and unpaid Indenture Trustee Fees with respect to prior Payment Dates plus (y) out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities of the Indenture Trustee incurred and not reimbursed in connection with its obligations and duties under this Indenture and (B) to the Transaction Transition Manager (1) the Transaction Transition Manager Fee and any accrued and unpaid Transaction Transition Manager Fees with respect to prior Payment Dates, (2) Transaction Transition Manager Expenses and (3) any accrued and unpaid transition costs payable to the Transaction Transition Manager provided that unless an Event of Default of the type described in clauses (a), (b), (c) or (k) of the definition thereof has occurred and is continuing, payments to the Indenture Trustee as reimbursement for clause (A)(2)(y) and to the Transaction Transition Manager as reimbursement for clause (B)(2) will be limited to in the aggregate per calendar year provided, further, that the payments to the Transaction Transition Manager as reimbursement for clause (B)(3) will be limited to per transition occurrence and in the aggregate 
 A-45 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(ii) to the Transaction Manager, the Transaction Manager Fee, plus any accrued and unpaid Transaction Manager Fees with respect to prior Payment Dates 
 (iii) to the Special O&M Manager, the Special O&M Manager Standby Fee (if applicable) plus any accrued and unpaid Special O&M Manager Standby Fees with respect to prior Payment Dates, which shall be limited to per Payment Date (or, for the Payment Date occurring in January 2025, plus certain extraordinary out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities of the Special O&M Manager incurred and not reimbursed in connection with its obligations and duties under the Transaction Documents, provided, that payments to the Special O&M Manager as reimbursement for such extraordinary out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities will be limited to per calendar year 
 (iv) to the Custodian, the Custodian Fee, plus any accrued and unpaid Custodian Fees with respect to prior Payment Dates plus certain extraordinary out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities of the Custodian incurred and not reimbursed in connection with its obligations and duties under the Custodial Agreement, provided, that payments to the Custodian as reimbursement for any such expenses and indemnities will be limited to per calendar year as long as no Event of Default has occurred, and the Notes have not been accelerated, or the Trust Estate sold, pursuant to this Indenture 
 (v) to the Class A Noteholders, the Note Interest with respect to the Class A Notes for such Payment Date 
 (vi) to the Class B Noteholders, the Note Interest with respect to the Class B Notes for such Payment Date 
 (vii) to the Liquidity Reserve Account, any amount greater than zero equal (A) the Liquidity Reserve Account Floor Amount minus (B) the amount on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account on such Payment Date 
 (viii) to the Supplemental Reserve Account, the Supplemental Reserve Account Deposit 
 (ix) to the Noteholders 
 (A) during a Regular Amortization Period, in the following order (1) to the Class A Noteholders, the related Scheduled Note Principal Payment for such Payment Date, (2) to the Class B Noteholders, the related Scheduled Note Principal Payment for such Payment Date, (3) to the Class A Noteholders, the Unscheduled Note Principal Payment for such Payment Date until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class A Notes has been reduced to zero, (4) to the Class B Noteholders, any Unscheduled Note Principal Payment for such Payment Date remaining after payment to the Class A Noteholders until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class B Notes has been reduced to zero and (5) to the Class B Noteholders, any unpaid Class B Deferred Interest. 
 (B) during an Early Amortization Period or Sequential Interest Amortization Period, all remaining Available Funds will be distributed in the 
 A-46 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

following order (1) to the Class A Noteholders until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class A Notes has been reduced to zero and (2) to the Class B Noteholders in the following order (A) to reduce the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class B Notes to zero and (B) to pay any unpaid Class B Deferred Interest 
 (x) (a) 95.81 of the Additional Principal Amount for such Payment Date (1) to the Class A Noteholders until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class A Notes has been reduced to zero and (2) then to the Class B Noteholders until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class B Notes has been reduced to zero (b) 4.19 of the Additional Principal Amount for such Payment Date (1) to the Class B Noteholders until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class B Notes has been reduced to zero and (2) then to the Class A Noteholders until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class A Notes has been reduced to zero 
 (xi) to the Indenture Trustee, the Transaction Transition Manager and the Special O&M Manager, pro rata, any incurred and not reimbursed out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities of the Indenture Trustee, the Transaction Transition Manager Expenses and transition costs and the Special O&M Manager Standby Fees, in each case to the extent not paid in accordance with clause (i) to clause (iii) above 
 (xii) to the Custodian, any extraordinary out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities of the Custodian incurred and not reimbursed in connection with the obligations and duties under the Custodial Agreement, to the extent not paid in accordance with clause (iv) above 
 (xiii) first, to the Class A Noteholders and second, to the Class B Noteholders, their respective Make Whole Amount, if any 
 (xiv) first, to the Class A Noteholders and second, to the Class B Noteholders, their respective Post-ARD Additional Note Interest and Deferred Post-ARD Additional Note Interest due on such Payment Date, if any 
 (xv) to the Noteholders, any Voluntary Prepayment 
 (A) if no Sequential Interest Amortization Period is then in effect, to the Class A Noteholders and the Class B Noteholders on a pro rata basis and 
 (B) if a Sequential Interest Amortization Period is then in effect, first to the Class A Noteholders until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class A Notes has been reduced to zero and second to the Class B Noteholders until the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class B Notes has been reduced to zero 
 (xvi) to the Eligible Letter of Credit Bank or other party as directed by the Transaction Manager (A) any fees and expenses related to the Letter of Credit and (B) any amounts which have been drawn under the Letter of Credit and any interest due thereon and 
 (xvii) to or at the direction of the Issuer, any remaining Available Funds on deposit in the Collection Account. 
 A-47 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 5.07 Equity Cure. 
 (a) In the event that the sum of the amounts received in clause (i)(A) of the definition of DSCR results in the DSCR for any Collection Period to be less than 1.25 (any such event, a Potential Equity Cure Event ), then on or prior to the date that is one Business Day prior to the related Determination Date, Sunnova Energy may, in its sole and absolute discretion, make a payment to the Issuer (as an indirect cash equity capital contribution through the Depositor, to be immediately deposited into the Collection Account and be part of Available Funds) in an amount equal to the amount in cash that, if deemed added to the sum specified in clause (i)(A) of the definition of DSCR, would cause the DSCR to be greater than 1.25 (each such payment by Sunnova Energy, an Equity Cure Payment ). 
 (b) In the event that Sunnova Energy elects to make an Equity Cure Payment, Sunnova Energy shall notify the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Transaction Manager of such election on or prior to the date that is not later than three Business Days prior to the related Determination Date. Upon timely payment and deposit of the Equity Cure Payment into the Collection Account, the Equity Cure Payment shall be added to the sum specified in clause (i)(A) of the definition of DSCR for purposes of calculating the DSCR as of the applicable Determination Date. 
 (c) Sunnova Energy shall not be permitted to make an Equity Cure Payment more frequently than one (1) time with respect to any three consecutive Collection Periods and more than three times prior to the Rated Final Maturity. For avoidance of doubt, Sunnova Energy shall not be permitted to make an Equity Cure Payment during an Early Amortization Period or a Sequential Interest Amortization Period. 
 Section 5.08 Early Amortization Period Payments and Sequential Interest Amortization Period Payments. Any distributions of principal made during an Early Amortization Period or a Sequential Interest Amortization Period will be allocated in the following manner to determine any unpaid amounts on future Payment Dates first, to the Scheduled Note Principal Payment amount calculated for such Class of Notes for such Payment Date and second, to the Unscheduled Note Principal Payment amount calculated for such Class of Notes for such Payment Date. Any principal payments made in excess of the amounts allocated to the Scheduled Note Principal Payment and Unscheduled Note Principal Payment for such Payment Date will be considered an additional paydown of principal. 
 Section 5.09 Note Payments . 
 (a) The Indenture Trustee shall pay from amounts on deposit in the Collection Account in accordance with the Quarterly Transaction Report and the Priority of Payments to each Noteholder of record as of the related Record Date either (i) by wire transfer, in immediately available funds to the account of such Noteholder at a bank or other entity having appropriate facilities therefor, if such Noteholder shall have provided to the Indenture Trustee appropriate written instructions at least five Business Days prior to the related Payment Date (which instructions may remain in effect for subsequent Payment Dates unless revoked by such Noteholder), or (ii) if not, by check mailed to such Noteholder at the address of such Noteholder appearing in the Note Register, the amounts to be paid to such Noteholder pursuant to such Noteholder s Notes. 
 A-48 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(b) In the event that any withholding Tax is imposed on the Issuer's payment (or allocations of income) to a Noteholder, such withholding Tax shall reduce the amount otherwise distributable to the Noteholder in accordance with this Indenture. The Indenture Trustee is hereby authorized and directed to retain from amounts otherwise distributable to the Noteholders sufficient funds for the payment of any withholding Tax that is legally owed by the Issuer as instructed by the Transaction Manager, in writing in a Quarterly Transaction Report (but such authorization shall not prevent the Indenture Trustee from contesting at the expense of the applicable Noteholder any such withholding Tax in appropriate Proceedings, and withholding payment of such withholding Tax, if permitted by law, pending the outcome of such Proceedings). The amount of any withholding Tax imposed with respect to a Noteholder shall be treated as cash distributed to such Noteholder at the time it is withheld by the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee (at the direction of the Transaction Manager or the Issuer) and remitted to the appropriate taxing authority. If there is a possibility that withholding Tax is payable with respect to a distribution (such as a distribution to a non-U.S. Noteholder), the Indenture Trustee may in its sole discretion withhold such amounts in accordance with this clause (b). In the event that a Noteholder wishes to apply for a refund of any such withholding Tax, the Indenture Trustee shall reasonably cooperate with such Noteholder in making such claim so long as such Noteholder agrees to reimburse the Indenture Trustee for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred. 
 (c) Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of its Note, will be deemed to have consented to the provisions of the Priority of Payments. 
 (d) For all Tax purposes, each Noteholder, by its acceptance of a Note, will be deemed to have agreed to, and hereby instructs the Indenture Trustee to, (i) treat the Notes as indebtedness for all tax purposes and (ii) take no action or fail to take any action, which could reasonably be expected to prevent the Notes from being treated as indebtedness for any applicable tax purposes, unless otherwise required by applicable law. 
 (e) Each Noteholder by its acceptance of a Note or an interest in a Note, will be deemed to have agreed to provide the Indenture Trustee or the Issuer, upon request, with the Noteholder Tax Identification Information and, to the extent FATCA Withholding Tax is applicable, the Noteholder FATCA Information. Each Noteholder shall update or replace its previously provided Noteholder Tax Identification Information and Noteholder FATCA Information promptly if requested by the Indenture Trustee provided that nothing herein shall require the Indenture Trustee to make such request. In addition, each Noteholder will be deemed to agree that the Indenture Trustee has the right to withhold from any amount of interest or other amounts (without any corresponding gross-up) payable to a Noteholder that fails to comply with the foregoing requirements. The Issuer hereby covenants with the Indenture Trustee that the Issuer will cooperate with the Indenture Trustee in obtaining sufficient information so as to enable the Indenture Trustee to (i) determine whether or not the Indenture Trustee is obliged to make any withholding, including FATCA Withholding Tax, in respect of any payments with respect to a Note and (ii) to effectuate any such withholding. The parties agree that the Indenture Trustee shall be released of any liability arising from properly complying with this Section 5.09 and FATCA. The Issuer agrees to provide to the Indenture Trustee copies of any Noteholder Tax Identification Information and any Noteholder FATCA Information received by the Issuer from any Noteholder. Upon reasonable request from the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer will provide such additional information that it may have to assist the Indenture Trustee in making any withholdings or informational reports. 
 A-49 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 5.10 Statements to Noteholders Tax Returns . Within the time period required by Applicable Law after the end of each calendar year, the Issuer shall cause the Indenture Trustee to furnish to each Person who at any time during such calendar year was a Noteholder of record and received any payment thereon any information required by the Code to enable such Noteholders to prepare their U.S. federal and state income Tax Returns. The obligation of the Indenture Trustee set forth in this paragraph shall be deemed to have been satisfied to the extent that information shall be provided by the Indenture Trustee, in the form of Form 1099 or other comparable form, pursuant to any requirements of the Code. 
 The Issuer shall cause the Transaction Manager, at the Transaction Manager s expense, to cause a firm of Independent Accountants to prepare any Tax Returns required to be filed by the Issuer. The Indenture Trustee, upon reasonable written request, shall furnish the Issuer with all such information in the possession of the Indenture Trustee as may be reasonably required in connection with the preparation of any Tax Return of the Issuer. 
 Section 5.11 Reports by Indenture Trustee . Within five Business Days after the end of each Collection Period, the Indenture Trustee shall provide or make available electronically (or upon written request, by first class mail or facsimile) to the Transaction Manager a written report (electronic means shall be sufficient) setting forth the amounts in the Collection Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account and the Supplemental Reserve Account, and the identity of the investments included therein, as applicable. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Indenture Trustee shall, upon the written request of the Transaction Manager, promptly transmit or make available electronically to the Transaction Manager, copies of all accountings of, and information with respect to, the Collection Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account and the Supplemental Reserve Account, investments thereof, as applicable, and payments thereto and therefrom. 
 Section 5.12 Final Balances . On the Termination Date, all moneys remaining in all Accounts, shall be, subject to applicable escheatment laws, remitted to, or at the direction of, the Issuer and after the return of such funds (or disposition thereof pursuant to applicable escheatment laws), the Indenture Trustee will have no liability with respect to such funds, and Holders shall look solely only to the Issuer for such amounts. 
 Article VI Voluntary Prepayment of Notes and Release of Collateral 
 Section 6.01 Voluntary Prepayment . 
 (a) Prior to the Rated Final Maturity, the Issuer may, in its sole discretion, prepay one or more Class(es) of Notes, including by portion of a Class (such prepayment, a Voluntary Prepayment ), in whole or in part on any Business Day (such date, the Voluntary Prepayment Date ). Any Voluntary Prepayment is required to be made on no less than fifteen (15) days' prior notice (or such shorter period, but not less than two Business Days, as is necessary to cure an Event of Default) by the Issuer sending the Notice of Prepayment to the Indenture Trustee, the Transaction Manager and the Rating Agency describing the Issuer's election to prepay the Notes or portion thereof in the form attached hereto as Exhibit C . 
 (b) With respect to any Voluntary Prepayment in part or Voluntary Prepayment of one Class of Notes in full, on or prior to the related Voluntary Prepayment Date, the Issuer shall 
 A-50 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

be required to deposit into the Collection Account an amount equal to the sum of (i) the amount of outstanding principal of the Notes being prepaid, (ii) all accrued and unpaid interest thereon (including any Class B Deferred Interest, Post-ARD Additional Note Interest or Deferred Post-ARD Additional Note Interest), (iii) the related Make Whole Amount, if applicable and (iv) any other amounts owed under the Transaction Documents (the Prepayment Amount ). Such partial Voluntary Prepayment will be distributed by the Indenture Trustee on the related Voluntary Prepayment Date in accordance with the written direction of the Transaction Manager (at the direction of the Issuer) to the holders of the Class(es) of Notes identified by the Issuer in the Notice of Prepayment. 
 (c) With respect to a Voluntary Prepayment of all outstanding Notes in full, on or prior to the related Voluntary Prepayment Date, the Issuer shall be required to deposit into the Collection Account an amount equal to (i) the sum of (A) the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance, (B) all accrued and unpaid interest thereon (including any Class B Deferred Interest, Post-ARD Additional Note Interest or Deferred Post-ARD Additional Note Interest), (C) the related Make Whole Amounts, if any, and (D) all amounts owed to the Indenture Trustee, the Transaction Manager, the Transaction Transition Manager and any other parties to the Transaction Documents, minus (ii) the sum of the amounts then on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account and the Supplemental Reserve Account. In accordance with this Indenture, the Indenture Trustee will make distributions on the related Voluntary Prepayment Date in accordance with the Priority of Payments (without giving effect to clauses (vii) through (x) thereof) and solely as specified in the related Voluntary Prepayment Transaction Manager Report and to the extent the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance is prepaid and all other obligations of the Issuer under the Transaction Documents have been paid, release any remaining assets in the Trust Estate to, or at the direction of, the Issuer. 
 (d) If a Voluntary Prepayment Date occurs prior to the Make Whole Determination Date for a Class of Notes, the Issuer will be required to pay the Noteholders the applicable Make Whole Amount. No Make Whole Amount will be due to the Noteholders if a Voluntary Prepayment is made on or after the Make Whole Determination Date for the related Class of Notes. 
 (e) If the Issuer elects to rescind the Voluntary Prepayment, it must give written notice to the Indenture Trustee of such determination at least two Business Days prior to the Voluntary Prepayment Date. If a Voluntary Prepayment of the Notes has been rescinded pursuant to this Section 6.01(e) , the Indenture Trustee shall provide notice of such rescission to the registered owner of each Note which had been subject to the rescinded redemption at the address shown on the Note Register maintained by the Note Registrar with copies to the Issuer, Sunnova Energy, the Depositor and the Rating Agency. 
 Section 6.02 Notice of Voluntary Prepayment . 
 (a) Any Notice of Voluntary Prepayment received by the Indenture Trustee from the Issuer shall be made available by the Indenture Trustee not less than fifteen (15) days (or such shorter period, but not less than two Business Days, as is necessary to cure an Event of Default) and not more than thirty (30) days prior to the date fixed for prepayment to the registered owner of each Note to be prepaid with copies to the Issuer, Sunnova Energy, the Transaction Manager and the Rating Agency. Failure to make such Notice of Prepayment available to any Noteholder, or any defect therein, shall not affect the validity of any Proceedings for the prepayment of other 
 A-51 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Notes. If a Voluntary Prepayment has been rescinded pursuant to Section 6.01(e) , and to the extent the Indenture Trustee had made notice of the Voluntary Prepayment available, the Indenture Trustee shall make available notice of such rescission to the registered owner of each Note which had been subject to the rescinded Voluntary Prepayment with copies to the Issuer, Sunnova Energy, the Transaction Manager and the Rating Agency. 
 (b) Any notice made available as provided in this Section 6.02 shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given, whether or not the registered owner of such Notes receives the notice. 
 Section 6.03 Cancellation of Notes . All Notes which have been paid in full or retired or received by the Indenture Trustee for exchange shall not be reissued but shall be canceled and destroyed in accordance with its customary procedures. 
 Section 6.04 Release of Collateral . 
 (a) The Indenture Trustee shall, on or promptly after the Termination Date, release any remaining portion of the Trust Estate and the pledged assets of the Managing Member and any Non-Tax Equity Project Company from the Lien created by this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents and shall deposit into the Collection Account any funds then on deposit in any other Account. The Indenture Trustee shall release property from the Lien created by this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents pursuant to this Section 6.04(a) only upon receipt by the Indenture Trustee of an Issuer Order accompanied by an Officer s Certificate and an Opinion of Counsel described in Section 314(c)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, and meeting the applicable requirements of Section 12.02 . 
 (b) With respect to any Non-Tax Equity Project Company, upon (i) the deposit into the Collection Account of Insurance Proceeds or the payment in full of the Unscheduled Note Principal Payment related to a Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset, (ii) the deposit into the Collection Account of the Repurchase Price for a Defective Solar Asset, Defaulted Solar Asset or a Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset, (iii) the substitution of a Qualified Substitute Solar Asset and the deposit into the Collection Account of the Substitution Shortfall Amount, if any, for a Defective Solar Asset, a Defaulted Solar Asset or a Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset or (iv) the deposit into the Collection Account of the purchase price paid by a Host Customer with respect to a Host Customer Purchased Solar Asset and upon written direction and receipt of an Issuer order, an Opinion of Counsel and an Officer s Certificate, as applicable, the Indenture Trustee shall release such Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset, Defaulted Solar Asset, Defective Solar Asset or Host Customer Purchased Solar Asset from the lien of this Indenture or any other Transaction Document, the Project Company Manager may release or may cause to be released any UCC Fixture Filing (or, in Guam, its jurisdictional equivalent) made against the PV System and, if applicable, Energy Storage System related to a Host Customer Purchased Solar Asset and the Issuer will cause the Managing Member to direct such Non-Tax Equity Project Company to cause a distribution in-kind of such Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset, Defaulted Solar Asset or Defective Solar Asset to its Managing Member and from the Managing Member to the Issuer, who will then cause a distribution in-kind of such Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset, Defaulted Solar Asset or Defective Solar Asset to be made to the Depositor who will cause a distribution in-kind of such Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset, Defaulted Solar Asset or Defective Solar Asset to be made to Sunnova SOL VIII Investor, who 
 A-52 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

will in turn cause a distribution in-kind of such Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset, Defaulted Solar Asset or Defective Solar Asset to be made to Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings. 
 (c) If any proceeds from Grid Services Net Revenue, Rebates or SREC Proceeds are distributed by the Issuer to the Depositor in a distribution permitted by the Transaction Documents, the Indenture Trustee s Lien on such proceeds from Grid Services Net Revenue, Rebates or SREC Proceeds shall be released upon such distribution. In connection therewith, upon receipt of an Officer s Certificate, the Indenture Trustee, at the request of the Issuer and at the sole expense of the Issuer, shall execute and deliver to the Issuer such documents as the Issuer shall reasonably request to evidence such release. 
 Article VII The Indenture Trustee 
 Section 7.01 Duties of Indenture Trustee . 
 (a) If a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee has received notice pursuant to Section 7.02(a) , or a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee shall otherwise have actual knowledge that an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee shall exercise such of the rights and powers vested in it by this Indenture, and use the same degree of care and skill in its exercise, as a prudent person would exercise or use under the circumstances in the conduct of his own affairs. 
 (b) Except during the occurrence and continuance of such an Event of Default 
 (i) The Indenture Trustee need perform only those duties that are specifically set forth in this Indenture and any other Transaction Document to which it is a party and no others and no implied covenants or obligations of the Indenture Trustee shall be read into this Indenture or any other Transaction Document. 
 (ii) In the absence of negligence or bad faith on its part, the Indenture Trustee may conclusively rely, as to the truth of the statements and the correctness of the opinions expressed therein, upon certificates or opinions furnished to the Indenture Trustee and conforming to the requirements of this Indenture or any other Transaction Document. The Indenture Trustee shall, however, examine such certificates and opinions to determine whether they conform on their face to the requirements of this Indenture or any other Transaction Document but the Indenture Trustee shall not be required to determine, confirm or recalculate information contained in such certificates or opinions. 
 (c) No provision of this Indenture shall be construed to relieve the Indenture Trustee from liability for its own negligent action, its own negligent failure to act, or its own willful misconduct, except that 
 (i) This paragraph does not limit the effect of subsection (b) of this Section 7.01 . 
 (ii) The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable in its individual capacity for any action taken or error of judgment made in good faith by a Responsible Officer or other 
 A-53 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

officers of the Indenture Trustee, unless it is proved that the Indenture Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts. 
 (iii) The Indenture Trustee shall not be personally liable with respect to any action it takes, suffers or omits to take in good faith in accordance with a direction received by it from the Noteholders in accordance with this Indenture or any other Transaction Document or for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it in good faith and believed by it to be authorized or within the discretion or rights or powers conferred upon it by this Indenture or any other Transaction Document, in each case unless it is proved that the Indenture Trustee was negligent in ascertaining the pertinent facts. 
 (iv) The Indenture Trustee shall have no responsibility for filing any financing or continuation statement in any public office at any time or otherwise to perfect or to maintain the perfection of any Lien on the Trust Estate or in any item comprising the Conveyed Property. 
 (d) No provision of this Indenture or any other Transaction Document shall require the Indenture Trustee to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise incur any financial or other liability in the performance of any of its duties hereunder or thereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers, if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or adequate indemnity against such risk or liability is not assured to it. 
 (e) The provisions of subsections (a), (b), (c) and (d) of this Section 7.01 shall apply to any co-trustee or separate trustee appointed by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 7.13 . 
 (f) The Indenture Trustee shall not in any way be held liable by reason of any insufficiency in any Account held by the Indenture Trustee resulting from any loss experienced on any item comprising the Conveyed Property except as a result of the Indenture Trustee's gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 (g) In no event shall the Indenture Trustee be required to take any action that conflicts with Applicable Law, any of the provisions of this Indenture or any other Transaction Document or with the Indenture Trustee s duties hereunder or that adversely affect its rights and immunities hereunder. 
 (h) In no event shall the Indenture Trustee have any obligations or duties under or have any liabilities whatsoever to Noteholders under ERISA. 
 (i) The Indenture Trustee shall not make any direct or indirect transfer of the Managing Member Membership Interest except in compliance with the Designated Transfer Restrictions and the Acknowledgement (as determined by the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class). 
 (j) In no event shall the Indenture Trustee be responsible or liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations hereunder arising out of or caused by, directly or indirectly, forces beyond its control, including, without limitation, strikes, work stoppages, acts of war or terrorism, civil or military disturbances, nuclear or natural catastrophes or acts of God, 
 A-54 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

and interruptions, loss or malfunctions of utilities it being understood that the Indenture Trustee shall resume performance as soon as practicable under the circumstances. 
 (k) With respect to any part of the Trust Estate released from the Lien of this Indenture or other Transaction Document, the Indenture Trustee shall assign, without recourse, representation or warranty, to the appropriate Person as directed by the Issuer in writing, prior to the Termination Date, all the Indenture Trustee's right, title and interest in and to such assets, such assignment being in the form as prepared by the Servicer or the Issuer and acceptable to the Indenture Trustee. Such Person will thereupon own such portion of the Trust Estate and related rights appurtenant thereto free of any further obligation to the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders with respect thereto. The Transaction Manager or the Issuer will also prepare and the Indenture Trustee shall, upon written direction of the Issuer, also execute and deliver all such other instruments or documents as shall be reasonably requested by any such Person to be required or appropriate to effect a valid transfer of title to such portion of the Trust Estate and the related assets. 
 Section 7.02 Notice of Default, Transaction Manager Termination Event or Event of Default Delivery of Manager Reports . 
 (a) The Indenture Trustee shall not be required to take notice of or be deemed to have notice or knowledge of any default, Default, Transaction Manager Termination Event, Event of Default event or information, or be required to act upon any default, Default, Transaction Manager Termination Event, Event of Default, event or information (including the sending of any notice) unless a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee is specifically notified in writing at the address set forth in Section 12.04 or until a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee shall have acquired actual knowledge of a default, a Default, a Transaction Manager Termination Event, an Event of Default, an event or information and shall have no duty to take any action to determine whether any such default, Default, Transaction Manager Termination Event, Event of Default, or event has occurred. In the absence of receipt of such notice or actual knowledge, the Indenture Trustee may conclusively assume that there is no such default, Default, Event of Default, Transaction Manager Termination Event or event. If written notice of the existence of a default, a Default, an Event of Default, a Transaction Manager Termination Event, an event or information has been delivered to a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee or a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee has actual knowledge thereof, the Indenture Trustee shall promptly provide paper or electronic notice thereof to the Issuer, the Transaction Transition Manager, the Rating Agency, each Tax Equity Investor Member, as applicable, pursuant to the terms of the related Acknowledgment and each Noteholder, but in any event, no later than five days after such knowledge or notice occurs. 
 (b) In the event the Transaction Manager does not make available to the Rating Agency all reports of the Transaction Manager and all reports to the Noteholders, upon request of the Rating Agency, the Indenture Trustee shall make available promptly after such request, copies of such Transaction Manager reports as are in the Indenture Trustee s possession to the Rating Agency and the Noteholders. 
 Section 7.03 Rights of Indenture Trustee . 
 (a) The Indenture Trustee may rely and shall be protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by 
 A-55 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

the proper Person. The Indenture Trustee need not investigate any fact or matter stated in any document. The Indenture Trustee need not investigate or re-calculate, evaluate, certify, verify or independently determine the accuracy of any numerical information, report, certificate, information, statement, representation or warranty or any fact or matter stated in any such document and may conclusively rely as to the truth of the statements and the accuracy of the information therein. 
 (b) Before the Indenture Trustee takes any action or refrains from taking any action under this Indenture or any other Transaction Document, it may require an Officer s Certificate or an Opinion of Counsel, the costs of which (including the Indenture Trustee s reasonable and documented attorney s fees and expenses) shall be paid by the party requesting that the Indenture Trustee act or refrain from acting. The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officer s Certificate or Opinion of Counsel. 
 (c) The Indenture Trustee shall not be personally liable for any action it takes or omits to take or any action or inaction it believes in good faith to be authorized or within its rights or powers other than as a result of gross negligence or willful misconduct. 
 (d) The Indenture Trustee shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts of matters stated in any reports, certificates, payment instructions, opinion, notice, order or other paper or document unless requested in writing by 25 or more of the Noteholders, and such Noteholders have provided to the Indenture Trustee indemnity satisfactory to it. 
 (e) The Indenture Trustee may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents or attorneys or a custodian or nominee or affiliates, and the Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for any misconduct or negligence on the part of any such agent, attorney, custodian, nominee or affiliate appointed by it hereunder with due care. The Indenture Trustee may consult with counsel, accountants and other experts and the advice or opinion of counsel, accountants and other experts with respect to legal and other matters relating to any Transaction Document shall be full and complete authorization and protection from liability with respect to any action taken, omitted or suffered by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with such advice or opinion of counsel. 
 (f) The Indenture Trustee shall not be required to give any bond or surety with respect to the execution of this Indenture or the powers granted hereunder. 
 (g) The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for any action or inaction of the Issuer, the Transaction Manager, the Transaction Transition Manager, the Custodian or any other party (or agent thereof) to this Indenture or any Transaction Document and may assume compliance by such parties with their obligations under this Indenture or any other Transaction Document, unless a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee shall have received written notice to the contrary at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee. 
 (h) The Indenture Trustee shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the trusts or powers vested in it by this Indenture or to institute, conduct or defend any litigation hereunder or in relation hereto at the request, order or direction of any of the Noteholders, pursuant to the provisions of this Indenture, unless such Noteholders shall have offered to the Indenture Trustee security or indemnity satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee against the costs, expenses and 
 A-56 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

liabilities (including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of the Indenture Trustee s counsel and agents) which may be incurred therein or thereby. 
 (i) The Indenture Trustee shall have no duty (i) to maintain or monitor any insurance or (ii) to see to the payment or discharge of any tax, assessment, or other governmental charge or any lien or encumbrance of any kind owing with respect to, assessed or levied against, any part of the Trust Estate. 
 (j) Delivery of any reports, information and documents to the Indenture Trustee provided for herein or any other Transaction Document is for informational purposes only (unless otherwise expressly stated), and the Indenture Trustee s receipt of such or otherwise publicly available information shall not constitute actual or constructive knowledge or notice of any information contained therein or determinable from information contained therein, including the Transaction Manager s or the Issuer s compliance with any of its representations, warranties or covenants hereunder (as to which the Indenture Trustee is entitled to rely exclusively on Officer s Certificates). The Indenture Trustee shall not have actual notice of any default or any other matter unless a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee receives actual written notice of such default or other matter. 
 (k) The Indenture Trustee does not have any obligation to investigate any matter or exercise any powers vested under this Indenture unless requested in writing by 25 or more of the Noteholders, and such Noteholders have provided to the Indenture Trustee indemnity satisfactory to it. 
 (l) Knowledge of the Indenture Trustee shall not be attributed or imputed to Wilmington Trust's other roles in the transaction, and knowledge of the Transaction Transition Manager shall not be attributed or imputed to each other or to the Indenture Trustee (other than those where the roles are performed by the same group or division within Wilmington Trust or otherwise share the same Responsible Officers), or any affiliate, line of business, or other division of Wilmington Trust (and vice versa). 
 (m) The right of the Indenture Trustee to perform any permissive or discretionary act enumerated in this Indenture or any related document shall not be construed as a duty. 
 (n) None of the Indenture Trustee or the Transaction Transition Manager shall have a duty to conduct any investigation as to an actual or alleged breach of any representation or warranty, the occurrence of any condition requiring the repurchase of any Solar Asset by any Person pursuant to the Transaction Documents, or the eligibility of any Solar Asset for purposes of the Transaction Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, none of the Indenture Trustee or the Transaction Transition Manager shall be responsible for determining whether a breach of the representations or warranties made by Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor or the Depositor relating to the eligibility criteria of the Solar Assets has occurred or whether any such breach materially and adversely affects the value of such Solar Assets or the interests therein of the Noteholders provided, however, that upon actual knowledge or receiving notice of a breach of any of the representations and warranties relating to the eligibility criteria of the Solar Assets by a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee or the Transaction Transition Manager, the Indenture Trustee or the Transaction Transition Manager, as applicable, shall give prompt written notice thereof to Sunnova 
 A-57 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor or the Depositor. 
 (o) The rights, benefits, protections, immunities and indemnities afforded to the Indenture Trustee hereunder shall extend to the Indenture Trustee (in any of its capacities) under any other Transaction Document or related agreement as though set forth therein in their entirety mutatis mutandis. 
 (p) In no event shall the Indenture Trustee or the Transaction Transition Manager have any obligation to oversee or any liability or responsibility to monitor compliance with or enforce compliance with U.S. risk retention rules or other rules or regulations relating to risk retention. In no event shall that Indenture Trustee or the Transaction Transition Manager be charged with knowledge of such rules or regulations, nor shall it be liable to any investor or other party for violation of such rules or regulations now or hereafter in effect. 
 Section 7.04 Not Responsible for Recitals, Issuance of Notes or Application of Moneys as Directed . The recitals contained herein and in the Notes, except the certificates of authentication on the Notes, shall be taken as the statements of the Issuer, and the Indenture Trustee assumes no responsibility for their correctness. The Indenture Trustee makes no representations with respect to the Trust Estate or as to the validity or sufficiency of the Trust Estate or this Indenture or any other Transaction Document or of the Notes. The Indenture Trustee shall not be accountable for the use or application by the Issuer of the proceeds of the Notes. Subject to Section 7.01(b) , the Indenture Trustee shall not be liable to any Person for any money paid to the Issuer upon an Issuer Order, Transaction Manager instruction or order or direction provided in a Quarterly Transaction Report contemplated by this Indenture or any other Transaction Document. 
 Section 7.05 May Hold Notes . The Indenture Trustee or any agent of the Issuer, in its individual or any other capacity, may become the owner or pledgee of Notes and may otherwise deal with the Issuer or Sunnova Energy or any Affiliate of the Issuer or Sunnova Energy with the same rights it would have if it were not the Indenture Trustee or other agent. 
 Section 7.06 Money Held in Trust . The Indenture Trustee shall be under no liability for interest on any money received by it hereunder except as otherwise agreed with the Issuer and except to the extent of income or other gain on investments which are obligations of the Indenture Trustee hereunder. 
 Section 7.07 Compensation and Reimbursement . 
 (a) The Issuer agrees 
 (i) to pay the Indenture Trustee, in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments, the Indenture Trustee Fee. The Indenture Trustee s compensation shall not be limited by any law with respect to compensation of a trustee of an express trust and the payments to the Indenture Trustee provided by Article V hereto shall constitute payments due with respect to the applicable fee agreement or letter 
 (ii) in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments, to reimburse the Indenture Trustee upon request for all reasonable and documented expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Indenture Trustee and the 
 A-58 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Transaction Transition Manager in accordance with any provision of this Indenture (including, but not limited to, the reasonable compensation, expenses and disbursements of its agents and counsel and allocable costs of in house counsel) provided , however , in no event shall the Issuer pay or reimburse the Indenture Trustee or the agents or counsel, including in house counsel of either, for any expenses, disbursements and advances incurred or made by the Indenture Trustee in connection with any negligent action or negligent inaction on the part of the Indenture Trustee provided, further, that payments to the Indenture Trustee for reimbursement for any such expenses will be as set forth in Section 5.06(a)(i) hereof 
 (iii) to indemnify the Indenture Trustee and its officers, directors, employees and agents for, and to hold them harmless against, any fee, loss, liability, damage, cost or expense (including reasonable and documented attorneys' fees, costs and expenses and court costs) incurred without negligence or bad faith on the part of the Indenture Trustee, to the extent such matters have been determined by a court of competent jurisdiction, arising out of, or in connection with, the acceptance or administration of this trust and its obligations under the Transaction Documents including, without limitation, the costs and expenses of defending itself against any claim, action or suit in connection with the exercise or performance of any of its powers or duties hereunder and defending itself against any claim, action or suit (including a successful defense, in whole or in part, of a breach of its standard of care) or bringing any claim, action or suit to enforce the indemnification or other obligations of the relevant transaction parties provided, however , that 
 (A) with respect to any such claim the Indenture Trustee shall have given the Issuer, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, the Depositor and the Transaction Manager written notice thereof promptly after the Indenture Trustee shall have actual knowledge thereof, provided , that failure to notify shall not relieve the parties of their obligations hereunder 
 (B) notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 7.07(a)(iii) , none of the Issuer, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor, the Depositor or the Transaction Manager shall be liable for settlement of any such claim by the Indenture Trustee entered into without the prior consent of the Issuer, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor, the Depositor or the Transaction Manager, as the case may be, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and 
 (C) the Indenture Trustee, its officers, directors, employees and agents, as a group, shall be entitled to counsel separate from the Issuer, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor, the Depositor and the Transaction Manager to the extent the Issuer s, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings , Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings', Sunnova SOL VIII Investor s, the Depositor s and the Transaction Manager s interests are not adverse to the interests of the Indenture Trustee, its officers, directors, employees or agents, the Indenture Trustee may agree to be represented by the same counsel as the Issuer, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings Sunnova SOL VIII Investor, the Depositor and the Transaction Manager. 
 A-59 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Such payment obligations and indemnification shall survive the resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee as well as the discharge, termination or assignment hereof. The Indenture Trustee s expenses are intended as expenses of administration. 
 Anything in this Indenture to the contrary notwithstanding, in no event shall the Indenture Trustee be liable for special, indirect, punitive or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including but not limited to lost profits), even if the Indenture Trustee has been advised of the likelihood of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 
 (b) The Indenture Trustee shall, on each Payment Date, in accordance with the Priority of Payments, deduct payment of its fees, expenses and indemnities hereunder from moneys in the Collection Account. 
 (c) The Issuer agrees to assume and to pay, and to indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders from any Taxes which may at any time be asserted with respect to, and as of the date of, the Grant of the Trust Estate to the Indenture Trustee, including, without limitation, any sales, gross receipts, general corporation, personal property, privilege or license taxes (but with respect to the Noteholders only, not including any Taxes arising out of the creation or the issuance of the Notes or payments with respect thereto) and costs (including court costs), expenses and reasonable counsel fees and expenses in defending against the same. 
 Section 7.08 Eligibility Disqualification . The Indenture Trustee shall always have a combined capital and surplus as stated in Section 7.09 , and shall always be a bank or trust company with corporate trust powers organized under the laws of the United States or any State thereof which is a member of the Federal Reserve System and shall be rated at least investment grade by S&P. 
 Section 7.09 Indenture Trustee s Capital and Surplus . The Indenture Trustee and or its parent shall at all times have a combined capital and surplus of at least . If the Indenture Trustee publishes annual reports of condition of the type described in Section 310(a)(2) of the Trust Indenture Act of 1939, as amended, its combined capital and surplus for purposes of this Section 7.09 shall be as set forth in the latest such report. 
 Section 7.10 Resignation and Removal Appointment of Successor . 
 (a) No resignation or removal of the Indenture Trustee and no appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Section 7.10 shall become effective until the acceptance of appointment by the successor Indenture Trustee under Section 7.11 . 
 (b) The Indenture Trustee may resign at any time by giving 30 days' prior written notice thereof to the Issuer and the Transaction Manager. If an instrument of acceptance by a successor Indenture Trustee shall not have been delivered to the Indenture Trustee within 30 days after the giving of such notice of resignation, the resigning Indenture Trustee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for the appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee. 
 (c) The Indenture Trustee may be removed at any time by the Super-Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class upon 30 days prior written notice, delivered to the Indenture Trustee, with copies to the Transaction Manager and the Issuer. 
 A-60 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(d) (i) If at any time the Indenture Trustee shall cease to be eligible under Section 7.08 or 7.09 , the Indenture Trustee shall be automatically removed. If at any time the Indenture Trustee shall become incapable of acting or shall be adjudged bankrupt or insolvent, or a receiver of the Indenture Trustee or of its property shall be appointed, or any public officer shall take charge or control of the Indenture Trustee or of its property or affairs for the purpose of rehabilitation, conservation or liquidation, then, in any such case, with 30 days prior written notice, the Issuer with the prior written consent of the Super-Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, by an Issuer Order, may remove the Indenture Trustee. 
 (ii) If the Indenture Trustee shall be removed pursuant to Sections 7.10(c) or (d) and no successor Indenture Trustee shall have been appointed pursuant to Section 7.10(e) and accepted such appointment within 30 days of the date of removal, the removed Indenture Trustee may petition any court of competent jurisdiction for appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee acceptable to the Issuer. 
 (e) If the Indenture Trustee shall resign, be removed or become incapable of acting, or if a vacancy shall occur in the office of the Indenture Trustee for any cause, the Issuer, with the prior written consent of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, by an Issuer Order shall promptly appoint a successor Indenture Trustee. 
 (f) The Issuer shall give to the Rating Agency and the Noteholders notice of each resignation and each removal of the Indenture Trustee and each appointment of a successor Indenture Trustee. Each notice shall include the name of the successor Indenture Trustee and the address of its Corporate Trust Office. 
 (g) The provisions of this Section 7.10 shall apply to any co-trustee or separate trustee appointed by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee pursuant to Section 7.13 . 
 Section 7.11 Acceptance of Appointment by Successor . 
 (a) Every successor Indenture Trustee appointed hereunder shall execute, acknowledge and deliver to the Issuer and the retiring Indenture Trustee an instrument accepting such appointment, and thereupon the resignation or removal of the retiring Indenture Trustee shall become effective and such successor Indenture Trustee, without any further act, deed or conveyance, shall become vested with all the rights, powers, trusts and duties of the retiring Indenture Trustee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, on request of the Issuer or the successor Indenture Trustee, such retiring Indenture Trustee shall, upon payment of its fees, expenses and other charges, execute and deliver an instrument transferring to such successor Indenture Trustee all the rights, powers and trusts of the retiring Indenture Trustee and shall duly assign, transfer and deliver to such successor Indenture Trustee all property and money held by such retiring Indenture Trustee hereunder. Upon request of any such successor Indenture Trustee, the Issuer shall execute and deliver any and all instruments for more fully and certainly vesting in and confirming to such successor Indenture Trustee all such rights, powers and trusts. 
 (b) No successor Indenture Trustee shall accept its appointment unless at the time of such acceptance such successor Indenture Trustee shall be qualified and eligible under Sections 7.08 and 7.09 . 
 A-61 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(c) Notwithstanding the replacement of the Indenture Trustee, the obligations of the Issuer pursuant to Section 7.07(a)(iii) and (c) and the Indenture Trustee s protections under this Article VII shall continue for the benefit of the retiring Indenture Trustee. 
 Section 7.12 Merger, Conversion, Consolidation or Succession to Business of Indenture Trustee . Any corporation or national banking association into which the Indenture Trustee may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation, bank, trust company or national banking association resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Indenture Trustee shall be a party, or any corporation, bank, trust company or national banking association succeeding to all or substantially all of the corporate trust business of the Indenture Trustee, shall be the successor of the Indenture Trustee hereunder if such corporation, bank, trust company or national banking association shall be otherwise qualified and eligible under Section 7.08 and 7.09 , without the execution or filing of any paper or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto. The Indenture Trustee shall provide the Rating Agency written notice of any such transaction. In case any Notes have been authenticated, but not delivered, by the Indenture Trustee then in office, any successor by merger, conversion or consolidation to such authenticating Indenture Trustee may adopt such authentication and deliver the Notes so authenticated with the same effect as if such successor Indenture Trustee had authenticated such Notes. 
 Section 7.13 Co-trustees and Separate Indenture Trustees . 
 (a) At any time or times, for the purpose of meeting the legal requirements of any jurisdiction in which any part of the Trust Estate may at the time be located, for enforcement actions, and where a conflict of interest exists, the Indenture Trustee shall have power to appoint and, upon the written request of the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer shall for such purpose join with the Indenture Trustee in the execution, delivery and performance of all instruments and agreements necessary or proper to appoint, one or more Persons that are approved by the Indenture Trustee either to act as co-trustee, jointly with the Indenture Trustee, of such part of the Trust Estate, or to act as separate trustee of any such property, in either case with such powers as may be provided in the instrument of appointment, and to vest in such Person or Persons in the capacity aforesaid, any property, title, right or power of the Indenture Trustee deemed necessary or desirable, in all respects subject to the other provisions of this Section 7.13 . If the Issuer does not join in such appointment within 15 days after the receipt by it of a request so to do, or in case an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Indenture Trustee alone shall have power to make such appointment. No notice to the Noteholders of the appointment of any co-trustee or separate trustee shall be required under this Indenture. Notice of any such appointments shall be promptly given to the Rating Agency by the Indenture Trustee. 
 (b) Should any written instrument from the Issuer be required by any co-trustee or separate trustee so appointed for more fully confirming to such co-trustee or separate trustee such property, title, right or power, any and all such instruments shall, on request, be executed, acknowledged and delivered by the Issuer. 
 (c) Every co-trustee or separate trustee shall, to the extent permitted by law, but to such extent only, be appointed subject to the following terms 
 (i) The Notes shall be authenticated and delivered and all rights, powers, duties and obligations hereunder with respect to the custody of securities, cash and other 
 A-62 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

personal property held by, or required to be deposited or pledged with, the Indenture Trustee hereunder, shall be exercised solely by the Indenture Trustee. 
 (ii) The rights, powers, duties and obligations hereby conferred or imposed upon the Indenture Trustee with respect to any property covered by such appointment shall be conferred or imposed upon and exercised or performed by the Indenture Trustee and such co-trustee or separate trustee jointly, except to the extent that under any law of any jurisdiction in which any particular act is to be performed, the Indenture Trustee shall be incompetent or unqualified to perform such act, in which event such rights, powers, duties and obligations shall be exercised and performed solely by such co-trustee or separate trustee. 
 (iii) The Indenture Trustee at any time, by an instrument in writing executed by it, may accept the resignation of, or remove, any co-trustee or separate trustee appointed under this Section 7.13 . Upon the written request of the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer shall join with the Indenture Trustee in the execution, delivery and performance of all instruments and agreements necessary or proper to effectuate such resignation or removal. A successor to any co-trustee or separate trustee so resigned or removed may be appointed in the manner provided in this Section 7.13 . 
 (iv) No co-trustee or separate trustee appointed in accordance with this Section 7.13 hereunder shall be financially or otherwise liable by reason of any act or omission of the Indenture Trustee, or any other such trustee hereunder, and the Indenture Trustee shall not be financially or otherwise liable by reason of any act or omission of any co-trustee or other such separate trustee hereunder. 
 (v) Any notice, request or other writing delivered to the Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to have been delivered to each such co-trustee and separate trustee. 
 (vi) Any separate trustee or co-trustee may, at any time, constitute the Indenture Trustee, its agent or attorney-in-fact, with full power and authority, to the extent not prohibited by law, to do any lawful act under or with respect to this Indenture on its behalf and in its name. The Indenture Trustee shall not be responsible for any action or inaction of any such separate trustee or co-trustee appointed in accordance with this Section 7.13 . The Indenture Trustee shall not have any responsibility or liability relating to the appointment of any separate or co-trustee. Any such separate or co-trustee shall not be deemed to be an agent of the Indenture Trustee. If any separate trustee or co-trustee shall die, become incapable of acting, resign or be removed, all of its estate, properties, rights, remedies and trusts shall vest in and be exercised by the Indenture Trustee, to the extent permitted by law, without the appointment of a new or successor trustee. 
 Section 7.14 Books and Records . The Indenture Trustee agrees to provide to the Noteholders the right during normal business hours upon two days prior notice in writing to inspect its books and records insofar as the books and records relate to the functions and duties of the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Indenture. 
 Section 7.15 Control . Upon the Indenture Trustee being adequately indemnified in writing to its satisfaction, the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class shall have the right to direct the 
 A-63 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Indenture Trustee with respect to any action or inaction by the Indenture Trustee hereunder, the exercise of any trust or power conferred on the Indenture Trustee, or the conduct of any Proceeding for any remedy available to the Indenture Trustee with respect to the Notes or the Trust Estate provided that 
 (a) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture or expose the Indenture Trustee to financial or other liability (for which it has not been adequately indemnified) or be unduly prejudicial to the Noteholders not approving such direction including, but not limited to and without intending to narrow the scope of this limitation, direction to the Indenture Trustee to act or omit to act, directly or indirectly, to amend, hypothecate, subordinate, terminate or discharge any Lien benefiting the Noteholders in the Trust Estate 
 (b) the Indenture Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Indenture Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction and 
 (c) except as expressly provided otherwise herein (but only with the prior written consent of or at the direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class), the Indenture Trustee shall have the authority to take any enforcement action which it reasonably deems to be necessary to enforce the provisions of this Indenture. 
 Section 7.16 Suits for Enforcement . If an Event of Default of which a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee shall have actual knowledge, shall occur and be continuing, the Indenture Trustee may, in its discretion and shall, at the direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class (provided that the Indenture Trustee is adequately indemnified in writing to its satisfaction), proceed to protect and enforce its rights and the rights of any Noteholders under this Indenture by a Proceeding, whether for the specific performance of any covenant or agreement contained in this Indenture or in aid of the execution of any power granted in this Indenture or for the enforcement of any other legal, equitable or other remedy as the Indenture Trustee, being advised by counsel, shall deem most effectual to protect and enforce any of the rights of the Indenture Trustee or any Noteholders, but in no event shall the Indenture Trustee be liable for any failure to act in the absence of direction the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class. 
 Section 7.17 Compliance with Applicable Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Regulations . In order to comply with Applicable Laws, including those relating to the funding of terrorist activities and money laundering, the Indenture Trustee is required to obtain, verify and record certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with Indenture Trustee. Accordingly, each of the parties agrees to provide to Indenture Trustee upon its request from time to time such identifying information and documentation as may be available to such party in order to enable Indenture Trustee to comply with Applicable Law. 
 A-64 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Article VIII Reserved 
 Article IX Event of Default 
 Section 9.01 Events of Default . The occurrence of any of the following events shall constitute an Event of Default hereunder 
 (a) a default in the payment of any Note Interest (which, for the avoidance of doubt, does not include any Class B Deferred Interest, Post-ARD Additional Note Interest or Deferred Post-ARD Additional Note Interest) on a Payment Date, which default shall not have been cured after three Business Days 
 (b) the failure to reduce the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance to zero or pay in full the Class B Deferred Interest, Post-ARD Additional Note Interest and Deferred Post-ARD Additional Note Interest, in each case, at the Rated Final Maturity 
 (c) an Insolvency Event shall have occurred with respect to the Issuer, the Project Company or the Managing Member 
 (d) the failure of the Issuer to observe or perform in any material respect any covenant or obligation of the Issuer set forth in this Indenture (other than the failure to make any required payment with respect to the Notes), which has not been cured within 30 days from the date of receipt by the Issuer of written notice from the Indenture Trustee (to the extent a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee has received written notice or has actual knowledge thereof) of such breach or default, or the failure of the Issuer to deposit into the Collection Account all amounts required to be deposited therein by the required deposit date 
 (e) any representation, warranty or statement of the Issuer (other than representations and warranties as to whether a Designated Solar Asset is an Eligible Solar Asset) contained in the Transaction Documents or any report, document or certificate delivered by the Issuer pursuant to the foregoing agreements shall prove to have been incorrect in any material respect as of the time when the same shall have been made and, within 30 days after written notice thereof shall have been given to the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer by the Transaction Manager, the Indenture Trustee (to the extent a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee has received written notice or has actual knowledge thereof) or by the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, the circumstances or condition in respect of which such representation, warranty or statement was incorrect shall not have been eliminated or otherwise cured (which cure may be effected by payment of an indemnity claim) or waived by the Indenture Trustee, acting at the direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class 
 (f) the failure for any reason of the Indenture Trustee, on behalf of the Noteholders, to have a first priority perfected security interest in the Trust Estate in favor of the Indenture Trustee (subject to Permitted Liens) which is not stayed, released or otherwise cured within ten days of receipt of notice or the Transaction Manager's or the Issuer's knowledge thereof 
 A-65 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(g) the Issuer, the Project Company or the Managing Member becomes subject to registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act 
 (h) the Issuer, the Project Company or the Managing Member becomes classified as an association or a publicly traded partnership, in each case taxable as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes 
 (i) a failure by the Depositor to pay the Liquidated Damages Amount or Substitution Shortfall Amount for a Defective Solar Asset in accordance with the Managing Member Contribution Agreement (except to the extent cured by the Performance Guarantor in accordance with the Performance Guaranty) 
 (j) any default in the payment of any Liquidated Damages Amount or Substitution Shortfall Amount for a Defective Solar Asset in accordance with the Managing Member Contribution Agreement or due by the Performance Guarantor under the Performance Guaranty or 
 (k) there shall remain in force, undischarged, unsatisfied, and unstayed for more than 30 consecutive days, any final non-appealable judgment in the amount of 100,000 or more against the Issuer not covered by insurance or bond. 
 Section 9.02 Actions of Indenture Trustee . If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing hereunder, the Indenture Trustee shall, at the direction of the Super-Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, do one of the following 
 (a) declare the entire unpaid principal amount of the Notes, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon and all other amounts payable under this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents to become immediately due and payable 
 (b) either on its own or through an agent, take possession of and sell the Trust Estate pursuant to Section 9.15 , provided , however , that neither the Indenture Trustee nor any collateral agent may sell or otherwise liquidate the Trust Estate unless either (i) the proceeds of such sale or liquidation are sufficient to discharge in full the amounts then due and unpaid upon the Notes for principal and accrued interest and the fees and all other amounts required to be paid pursuant to the Priority of Payments or (ii) other than as a result of an Event of Default of the type described in clauses (i) or (j) of the definition thereof, the Noteholders representing 100 of the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance consent thereto 
 (c) institute Proceedings for collection of amounts due on the Notes or under this Indenture by automatic acceleration or otherwise, or if no such acceleration or collection efforts have been made, or if such acceleration or collection efforts have been made, but have been annulled or rescinded, the Indenture Trustee may elect to take possession of the Trust Estate and collect or cause the collection of the proceeds thereof and apply such proceeds in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Indenture 
 (d) enforce any judgment obtained and collect any amounts adjudged from the Issuer 
 (e) institute any Proceedings for the complete or partial foreclosure of the Lien created by the Indenture with respect to the Trust Estate and 
 A-66 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(f) protect the rights of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders by taking any appropriate action including exercising any remedy of a secured party under the UCC or any other Applicable Law. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, upon the occurrence of an Event of Default of the type described in clause (c) of the definition thereof, the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance, all interest accrued and unpaid thereon and all other amounts payable under this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents shall automatically become immediately due and payable. 
 Section 9.03 Indenture Trustee May File Proofs of Claim . In case of the pendency of any Insolvency Proceeding relative to the Issuer or any other obligor upon the Notes or the property of the Issuer or of such other obligor or their creditors, the Indenture Trustee (irrespective of whether the Notes shall then be due and payable as therein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Indenture Trustee shall have made any demand on the Issuer for the payment of overdue principal or any interest or other amounts) shall, at the written direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, by intervention in such Insolvency Proceeding or otherwise 
 (a) file and prove a claim for the whole amount owing and unpaid with respect to the Notes issued hereunder and file such other papers or documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Indenture Trustee (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Indenture Trustee, its agents and counsel) and of the Noteholders allowed in such Insolvency Proceeding and 
 (b) collect and receive any moneys or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same and any receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, or sequestrator (or other similar official) in any such Insolvency Proceeding is hereby authorized by each Noteholder to make such payments to the Indenture Trustee and, in the event that the Indenture Trustee shall, upon written direction from the Noteholders, consent to the making of such payments directly to the Noteholders, to pay to the Indenture Trustee any amount due to it for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Indenture Trustee, its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Indenture Trustee under Section 7.07 . 
 Nothing herein contained shall be deemed to authorize the Indenture Trustee to authorize and consent to or accept or adopt on behalf of any Noteholder any plan of reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, or composition affecting any of the Notes or the rights of any Noteholder thereof, or to authorize the Indenture Trustee to vote with respect to the claim of any Noteholder in any such Insolvency Proceeding. 
 Section 9.04 Indenture Trustee May Enforce Claim Without Possession of Notes . All rights of action and claims under this Indenture or the Notes may be prosecuted and enforced by the Indenture Trustee without the possession of any of the Notes or the production thereof in any Proceeding relating thereto, and any such Proceeding instituted by the Indenture Trustee shall be brought in its own name as trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, and any recovery of judgment shall be applied first, to the payment of the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Indenture Trustee, its agents and counsel and any other amounts due the Indenture Trustee under Section 7.07 provided that, any indemnification by the Issuer under Section 7.07 shall be paid only in the priority set forth in the Priority of Payments) and second, for the ratable benefit of the Noteholders for all amounts due to such Noteholders. 
 A-67 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 9.05 Knowledge of Indenture Trustee . Any references herein to the knowledge of the Indenture Trustee shall mean and refer to actual knowledge of a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee. 
 Section 9.06 Limitation on Suits . No Holder of any Note shall have any right to institute any Proceeding, judicial or otherwise, with respect to this Indenture, or for the appointment of a receiver or trustee, or for any other remedy hereunder unless 
 (a) such Holder has previously given written notice to the Indenture Trustee of a continuing Event of Default 
 (b) the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class shall have made written request to the Indenture Trustee to institute Proceedings with respect to such Event of Default in its own name as Indenture Trustee hereunder 
 (c) such Holder or Holders have offered to the Indenture Trustee reasonable indemnity against the costs, expenses and liabilities to be incurred in compliance with such request 
 (d) the Indenture Trustee for 30 days after its receipt of such notice, request and offer of security or indemnity has failed to institute any such Proceedings and 
 (e) no direction inconsistent with such written request has been given to the Indenture Trustee during such 30-day period by the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class 
 it being understood and intended that no one or more Holders of Notes shall have any right in any manner whatever by virtue of, or by availing of, any provision of this Indenture to affect, disturb or prejudice the rights of any other Holders of Notes, or to obtain or to seek to obtain priority or preference over any other Holders or to enforce any right under this Indenture, except in the manner herein provided. 
 Section 9.07 Unconditional Right of Noteholders to Receive Principal and Interest . The Holders of the Notes shall have the right, which is absolute and unconditional, subject to the express terms of this Indenture, to receive payment of principal and interest on such Notes, subject to the respective relative priorities provided for in this Indenture, as such principal and interest becomes due and payable from the Trust Estate and, subject to Section 9.06 to institute Proceedings for the enforcement of any such payment, and such right shall not be impaired except as expressly permitted herein without the consent of such Holders. 
 Section 9.08 Restoration of Rights and Remedies . If the Indenture Trustee or any Noteholder has instituted any Proceeding to enforce any right or remedy under this Indenture and such Proceeding has been discontinued or abandoned for any reason, or has been determined adversely to the Indenture Trustee or to such Noteholder, then, and in every case, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders shall, subject to any determination in such Proceeding, be restored severally and respectively to their former positions hereunder, and thereafter all rights and remedies of the Indenture Trustee and the Noteholders shall continue as though no such Proceeding had been instituted. 
 Section 9.09 Rights and Remedies Cumulative . Except as otherwise provided with respect to the replacement or payment of mutilated, destroyed, lost or stolen Notes in Section 2.09 , no right or remedy herein conferred upon or reserved to the Indenture Trustee or to the Noteholders is intended to 
 A-68 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

be exclusive of any other right or remedy, and every right and remedy shall, to the extent permitted by law, be cumulative and in addition to every other right and remedy given hereunder or now or hereafter existing at law or in equity or otherwise. The assertion or employment of any right or remedy hereunder, or otherwise, shall not prevent the concurrent assertion or employment of any other appropriate right or remedy. 
 Section 9.10 Delay or Omission Not Waiver . No delay or omission of the Indenture Trustee or of any Holder of any Note to exercise any right or remedy accruing upon any Event of Default shall impair any such right or remedy or constitute a waiver of any such Event of Default or any acquiescence therein. Every right and remedy given by this Article IX or by law to the Indenture Trustee or to the Noteholders may be exercised from time to time, and as often as may be deemed expedient, by the Indenture Trustee or by the Noteholders, as the case may be. 
 Section 9.11 Control by Noteholders . Other than as set forth herein, the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class shall have the right to direct the time, method and place of conducting any Proceeding for any remedy available to the Indenture Trustee or exercising any trust or power conferred on the Indenture Trustee provided that 
 (a) such direction shall not be in conflict with any rule of law or with this Indenture including, without limitation, any provision hereof which expressly provides for approval by a greater percentage of the aggregate principal amount of all Outstanding Notes 
 (b) the Indenture Trustee may take any other action deemed proper by the Indenture Trustee which is not inconsistent with such direction provided , however , that, subject to Section 7.01 , the Indenture Trustee need not take any action which a Responsible Officer or Officers of the Indenture Trustee in good faith determines might involve it in liability (unless the Indenture Trustee is furnished with the reasonable indemnity referred to in Section 9.11(c) and 
 (c) the Indenture Trustee has been furnished reasonable indemnity against costs, expenses and liabilities which it might incur in connection therewith. 
 Section 9.12 Waiver of Certain Events by Less Than All Noteholders . The Super-Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class may, on behalf of the Holders of all the Notes, waive any past Default, Event of Default or Transaction Manager Termination Event, and its consequences, except 
 (a) a Default in the payment of the principal of or interest on any Note, or a Default caused by the Issuer becoming subject to registration as an investment company under the 1940 Act, or 
 (b) with respect to a covenant or provision hereof which under Article X cannot be modified or amended without the consent of the Holder of each Outstanding Note affected. 
 Upon any such waiver, such Default, Event of Default or Transaction Manager Termination Event shall cease to exist, and any Default, Event of Default or Transaction Manager Termination Event or other consequence arising therefrom shall be deemed to have been cured for every purpose of this Indenture but no such waiver shall extend to any subsequent or other Default, Event of Default or Transaction Manager Termination Event or impair any right consequent thereon. 
 A-69 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 9.13 Undertaking for Costs . All parties to this Indenture agree, and each Noteholder by its acceptance of a Note, shall be deemed to have agreed, that any court may in its discretion require, in any suit for the enforcement of any right or remedy under this Indenture, or in any suit against the Indenture Trustee for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it as Indenture Trustee, the filing by any party litigant in such suit of an undertaking to pay the costs of such suit, and that such court may in its discretion assess reasonable costs, including reasonable attorneys fees, against any party litigant in such suit, having due regard to the merits and good faith of the claims or defenses made by such party litigant but the provisions of this Section 9.13 shall not apply to any suit instituted by the Indenture Trustee or to any suit instituted by any Noteholder for the enforcement of the payment of the principal of or interest on any Note on or after the Rated Final Maturity expressed in such Note. 
 Section 9.14 Waiver of Stay or Extension Laws . The Issuer covenants (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) that it will not, at any time, insist upon, or plead, or in any manner whatsoever claim or take the benefit or advantage of, any stay or extension law wherever enacted, now or at any time hereafter in force, which may affect the covenants or the performance of this Indenture and the Issuer (to the extent that it may lawfully do so) hereby expressly waives all benefit or advantage of any such law, and covenants that it will not hinder, delay or impede the execution of any power herein granted to the Indenture Trustee, but will suffer and permit the execution of every such power as though no such law had been enacted. 
 Section 9.15 Sale of Trust Estate . 
 (a) The power to effect any sale of any portion of the Trust Estate pursuant to this Article IX shall not be exhausted by any one or more sales as to any portion of the Trust Estate remaining unsold, but shall continue unimpaired until the entire Trust Estate securing the Notes shall have been sold or all amounts payable on the Notes and under this Indenture with respect thereto shall have been paid. The Indenture Trustee, acting on its own or through an agent, may from time to time postpone any sale by public announcement made at the time and place of such sale. 
 (b) The Indenture Trustee shall not, in any private sale, sell to a third party the Trust Estate, or any portion thereof unless (1) the Super-Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class direct the Indenture Trustee, in writing, to make such sale and (2) either (i) the proceeds of such sale or liquidation are sufficient to discharge in full the amounts then due and unpaid upon the Notes for principal and accrued interest and the fees and all other amounts required to be paid pursuant the Priority of Payments or (ii) the Holders of 100 of the principal amount of each Class of Notes then Outstanding consent thereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, prior to the consummation of any sale of the Trust Estate (either private or public), the Indenture Trustee shall first offer the Originator the opportunity to purchase the Trust Estate for a purchase price equal to the greater of (x) the fair market value of the Trust Estate and (y) the aggregate outstanding note balance of the Notes, plus accrued interest thereon and fees owed thereto (such right, the Right of First Refusal ). If the Originator does not exercise its Right of First Refusal within two Business Days of receipt thereof, then the Indenture Trustee shall sell the Trust Estate as otherwise set forth in this Section 9.15 provided , further , that if the Originator does not exercise its Right of First Refusal and the Indenture Trustee elects to sell the Trust Estate in a private sale to a third party, then prior to the sale thereof, the Indenture Trustee shall offer the Originator the opportunity to purchase the Trust Estate for the purchase price being offered by such third party, and the Originator shall have two Business Days to accept such offer. 
 A-70 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(c) The Indenture Trustee or any Noteholder may bid for and acquire any portion of the Trust Estate in connection with a public or private sale thereof, and in lieu of paying cash therefor, any Noteholder may make settlement for the purchase price by crediting against amounts owing on the Notes of such Holder or other amounts owing to such Holder secured by this Indenture, that portion of the net proceeds of such sale to which such Holder would be entitled, after deducting the reasonable costs, charges and expenses incurred by the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders in connection with such sale. The Notes need not be produced in order to complete any such sale, or in order for the net proceeds of such sale to be credited against the Notes. The Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders may hold, lease, operate, manage or otherwise deal with any property so acquired in any manner permitted by law. 
 (d) The Indenture Trustee shall execute and deliver an appropriate instrument of conveyance transferring its interest in any portion of the Trust Estate in connection with a sale thereof. In addition, the Indenture Trustee is hereby irrevocably appointed the agent and attorney-in-fact of the Issuer to transfer and convey its interest in any portion of the Trust Estate in connection with a sale thereof, pursuant to this Section 9.15 , and to take all action necessary to effect such sale. No purchaser or transferee at such a sale shall be bound to ascertain the Indenture Trustee s authority, inquire into the satisfaction of any conditions precedent or see to the application of any monies. 
 (e) The method, manner, time, place and terms of any sale of all or any portion of the Trust Estate shall be commercially reasonable. 
 (f) This Section 9.15 is subject to Section 7.01(i) . 
 Section 9.16 Action on Notes . The Indenture Trustee s right to seek and recover judgment on the Notes or under this Indenture shall not be affected by the seeking, obtaining or application of any other relief under or with respect to this Indenture. Neither the Lien of this Indenture nor any rights or remedies of the Indenture Trustee or the Noteholders shall be impaired by the recovery of any judgment by the Indenture Trustee against the Issuer or by the levy of any execution under such judgment upon any portion of the Trust Estate or upon any of the assets of the Issuer. 
 Article X Supplemental Indentures 
 Section 10.01 Supplemental Indentures Without Noteholder Approval . 
 (a) Without the consent of the Noteholders, provided that (w) the Issuer shall have provided ten (10) Business Days prior written notice to the Rating Agency of such modification (or such shorter period as the Issuer may reasonably request from the Rating Agency), (x) the Indenture Trustee shall have received an Opinion of Counsel that such modification is permitted under the terms of this Indenture and that all conditions precedent to the execution of such modification have been satisfied and (y) the Indenture Trustee shall have received a Tax Opinion, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, when authorized and directed by an Issuer Order, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more amendments or indentures supplemental hereto, in form satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee, for any of the following purposes 
 A-71 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(i) to correct, amplify or add to the description of any property at any time subject to the Lien of this Indenture, or better to assure, convey and confirm unto the Indenture Trustee any property subject or required to be subjected to the Lien of this Indenture, or to subject to the Lien of this Indenture additional property provided that such action pursuant to this clause (i) shall not adversely affect the interests of the Noteholders in any respect 
 (ii) to evidence the succession of another Person to either the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee in accordance with the terms of this Indenture, and the assumption by any such successor of the covenants of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee contained herein and in the Notes 
 (iii) to cure any ambiguity, to correct or supplement any provision herein which may be defective or inconsistent with any other provision herein or to conform the provisions herein to the descriptions set forth in the other Transaction Documents 
 (iv) to add to the covenants of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee, for the benefit of the Noteholders or to surrender any right or power herein conferred upon the Issuer or 
 (v) to effect any matter specified in Section 10.06 . 
 (b) Promptly after the execution by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee of any amendment or supplemental indenture pursuant to this Section 10.01 , the Indenture Trustee shall make available to the Noteholders and the Rating Agency a copy of such supplemental indenture. Any failure of the Indenture Trustee to make available such copy shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such amendment or supplemental indenture. 
 Section 10.02 Supplemental Indentures with Consent of Noteholders . 
 (a) With the prior written consent of each Noteholder affected thereby, at least ten (10) Business Days (or a shorter period, if agreed to or waived by the Rating Agency) prior written notice to the Rating Agency and receipt by the Indenture Trustee of a Tax Opinion, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, when authorized and directed by an Issuer Order, at any time and from time to time, may enter into an amendment or a supplemental indenture for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, this Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders under this Indenture for the following purposes 
 (i) to change the Rated Final Maturity of any Note, or the due date of any payment of interest on any Note, or reduce the principal amount thereof, or the interest rate thereon, change the place of payment where, or the coin or currency in which any Note or any interest thereon is payable, or impair the right to institute suit for the enforcement of the payment of interest due on any Note on or after the due date thereof or for the enforcement of the payment of the entire remaining unpaid principal amount of any Note on or after the Rated Final Maturity thereof or change any provision of Article VI regarding the amounts payable upon any Voluntary Prepayment of the Notes 
 A-72 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(ii) to reduce the percentage of the Outstanding Note Balance of any Class of Notes, the consent of the Noteholders of which is required to approve any such supplemental indenture or the consent of the Noteholders of which is required for any waiver of compliance with provisions of this Indenture, Events of Default or Transaction Manager Termination Events under this Indenture or under the Transaction Management Agreement and their consequences provided for in this Indenture or for any other purpose hereunder 
 (iii) to modify any of the provisions of this Section 10.02 
 (iv) to modify or alter the provisions of the proviso to the definition of the term Outstanding or 
 (v) to permit the creation of any other Lien with respect to any part of the Trust Estate or terminate the Lien of this Indenture on any property at any time subject hereto or, except with respect to any action which would not have a material adverse effect on any Noteholder (as certified by the Issuer), deprive the Noteholder of the security afforded by the Lien of this Indenture. 
 (b) With the prior written consent of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class, and receipt by the Indenture Trustee of a Tax Opinion, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, when authorized by an Issuer Order, at any time and from time to time, may enter into one or more amendments or indentures supplemental hereto, in form and substance satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee (acting at the direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class) for the purpose of modifying, eliminating or adding to the provisions of this Indenture provided, that such supplemental indentures shall not have any of the effects described in paragraphs (i) through (v) of Section 10.02(a) . 
 (c) Promptly after the execution by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee of any amendment or supplemental indenture pursuant to this Section 10.02 , the Indenture Trustee shall make available to the Noteholders and the Rating Agency a copy of such supplemental indenture. Any failure of the Indenture Trustee to make available such copy shall not, however, in any way impair or affect the validity of any such supplemental indenture. 
 (d) Whenever the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee solicits a consent to any amendment or supplement to this Indenture, the Issuer shall fix a record date in advance of the solicitation of such consent for the purpose of determining the Noteholders entitled to consent to such amendment or supplement. Only those Noteholders at such record date shall be entitled to consent to such amendment or supplement whether or not such Noteholders continue to be Holders after such record date. 
 Section 10.03 Execution of Amendments and Supplemental Indentures . In executing, or accepting the additional trusts created by, any amendment or supplemental indenture permitted by this Article X or the modifications thereby of the trusts created by this Indenture, the Indenture Trustee shall be entitled to receive, and (subject to Section 7.01 shall be fully protected in relying upon, an Opinion of Counsel (i) describing that the execution of such supplemental indenture is authorized or permitted by this Indenture and (ii) in accordance with Section 3.06(a) hereof. The Indenture Trustee may, but shall not be obligated to, enter into any such supplemental indenture which affects the Indenture Trustee s own rights, duties or immunities under this Indenture or otherwise. 
 A-73 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 10.04 Effect of Amendments and Supplemental Indentures . Upon the execution of any amendment or supplemental indenture under this Article X , this Indenture shall be modified in accordance therewith, and such supplemental indenture shall form a part of this Indenture for all purposes and every Holder of Notes which have theretofore been or thereafter are authenticated and delivered hereunder shall be bound thereby. 
 Section 10.05 Reference in Notes to Amendments and Supplemental Indentures . Notes authenticated and delivered after the execution of any amendment or supplemental indenture pursuant to this Article X may, and if required by the Issuer shall, bear a notation as to any matter provided for in such supplemental indenture. If the Issuer shall so determine, new Notes so modified as to conform to any such supplemental indenture may be prepared and executed by the Issuer and authenticated and delivered by the Indenture Trustee in exchange for Outstanding Notes. 
 Section 10.06 Indenture Trustee to Act on Instructions . Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary (other than Section 10.02 ), in the event the Indenture Trustee is uncertain as to the intention or application of any provision of this Indenture or any other agreement to which it is a party, or such intention or application is ambiguous as to its purpose or application, or is, or appears to be, in conflict with any other applicable provision thereof, or if this Indenture or any other agreement to which it is a party permits or does not prohibit any determination by the Indenture Trustee, or is silent or incomplete as to the course of action which the Indenture Trustee is required or is permitted or may be permitted to take with respect to a particular set of facts or circumstances, the Indenture Trustee shall, at the expense of the Issuer, be entitled to request and rely upon the following (a) written instructions of the Issuer directing the Indenture Trustee to take certain actions or refrain from taking certain actions, which written instructions shall contain a certification that the taking of such actions or refraining from taking certain actions is in the best interest of the Noteholders and (b) prior written consent of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class. In such case, the Indenture Trustee shall have no liability to the Issuer or the Noteholders for, and the Issuer shall hold harmless the Indenture Trustee from, any liability, costs or expenses arising from or relating to any action taken by the Indenture Trustee acting upon such instructions, and the Indenture Trustee shall have no responsibility to the Noteholders with respect to any such liability, costs or expenses. The Issuer shall provide a copy of such written instructions to the Rating Agency. 
 Article XI Reserved 
 Article XII Miscellaneous 
 Section 12.01 Compliance Certificates and Opinions Furnishing of Information . Upon any application or request by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee to take any action under any provision of this Indenture (except with respect to ordinary course actions under this Indenture and except as otherwise specifically provided in this Indenture), the Issuer, at the request of the Indenture Trustee, shall furnish to the Indenture Trustee a certificate describing that all conditions precedent, if any, provided for in this Indenture relating to the proposed action have been complied with and an Opinion of Counsel describing that, in the opinion of such counsel, all such conditions precedent, if any, have been complied with, except that in the case of any such application or request as to which the furnishing of certificates and Opinions of Counsel are specifically required by any provision of this Indenture relating 
 A-74 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

to such particular application or request, no additional certificate or Opinion of Counsel need be furnished. 
 Section 12.02 Form of Documents Delivered to Indenture Trustee . 
 (a) If several matters are required to be certified by, or covered by an opinion of, any specified Person, it is not necessary that all such matters be certified by, or covered by the opinion of, only one such Person, or that they be so certified or covered by only one document, but one such Person may certify or give an opinion with respect to some matters and one or more other such Persons as to other matters, and any such Person may certify or give an opinion as to such matters in one or several documents. 
 (b) Any certificate or opinion of an Authorized Officer of the Issuer may be based, insofar as it relates to legal matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by outside counsel, unless such Authorized Officer knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to the matters upon which his certificate or opinion is based are erroneous. Any such certificate or opinion or any Opinion of Counsel may be based, insofar as it relates to factual matters, upon a certificate or opinion of, or representations by, an Authorized Officer of any relevant Person, describing that the information with respect to such factual matters is in the possession of such Person, unless such officer or counsel knows, or in the exercise of reasonable care should know, that the certificate or opinion or representations with respect to such matters are erroneous. Any Opinion of Counsel may be based on the written opinion of other counsel, in which event such Opinion of Counsel shall be accompanied by a copy of such other counsel s opinion and shall include a statement to the effect that such counsel believes that such counsel and the Indenture Trustee may reasonably rely upon the opinion of such other counsel. 
 (c) Where any Person is required to make, give or execute two or more applications, requests, consents, notices, statements, opinions or other instruments under this Indenture, they may, but need not, be consolidated and form one instrument. 
 (d) Wherever in this Indenture, in connection with any application or certificate or report to the Indenture Trustee, it is provided that the Issuer or the Transaction Manager shall deliver any document as a condition of the granting of such application, or as evidence of the Issuer s or the Transaction Manager s compliance with any term hereof, it is intended that the truth and accuracy, at the time of the granting of such application or at the effective date of such notice or report (as the case may be), of the facts and opinions stated in such document shall in such case be conditions precedent to the right of the Issuer to have such application granted or to the sufficiency of such notice or report. The foregoing shall not, however, be construed to affect the Indenture Trustee s right to rely upon the truth and accuracy of any statement or opinion contained in any such document as provided in Section 7.01(b)(ii) . 
 (e) Wherever in this Indenture it is provided that the absence of the occurrence and continuation of a Default, an Event of Default or a Transaction Manager Termination Event is a condition precedent to the taking of any action by the Indenture Trustee at the request or direction of the Issuer, then notwithstanding that the satisfaction of such condition is a condition precedent to the Issuer s or the Indenture Trustee s right to make such request or direction, the Indenture Trustee shall be protected in acting in accordance with such request or direction if a 
 A-75 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee does not have actual knowledge of the occurrence and continuation of such Default, Event of Default or Transaction Manager Termination Event. 
 Section 12.03 Acts of Noteholders . 
 (a) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action provided by this Indenture to be given or taken by Noteholders may be embodied in and evidenced by one or more instruments of substantially similar tenor signed by such Noteholders in person or by an agent duly appointed in writing and, except as herein otherwise expressly provided, such action shall become effective when such instrument or instruments are delivered to the Indenture Trustee, and, where it is hereby expressly required, to the Issuer. Such instrument or instruments (and the action embodied therein and evidenced thereby) are herein sometimes referred to as the Act of the Noteholders signing such instrument or instruments. Proof of execution of any such instrument or of a writing appointing any such agent shall be sufficient for any purpose of this Indenture and (subject to Section 7.01 conclusive in favor of the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer, if made in the manner provided in this Section 12.03 . 
 (b) The fact and date of the execution by any Person of any such instrument or writing may be proved by the affidavit of a witness of such execution or by the certificate of any notary public or other officer authorized by law to take acknowledgments of deeds, certifying that the individual signing such instrument or writing acknowledged to him the execution thereof. Whenever such execution is by an officer of a corporation or a member of a limited liability company or a partnership on behalf of such corporation, limited liability company or partnership, such certificate or affidavit shall also constitute sufficient proof of his authority. 
 (c) The ownership of Notes shall be proved by the Note Register. 
 (d) Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or other action by the Holder of any Notes shall bind the Holder of every Note issued upon the registration or transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, with respect to anything done, omitted or suffered to be done by the Indenture Trustee or the Issuer in reliance thereon, whether or not notation of such action is made upon such Notes. 
 Section 12.04 Notices, Etc . Any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, waiver or act of Noteholders or other documents provided or permitted by this Indenture to be made upon, given or furnished to, or filed with 
 (a) the Indenture Trustee by any Noteholder or by the Issuer, shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally, mailed by first-class registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, by facsimile transmission or electronic transmission in PDF format or overnight delivery service, postage prepaid, and received by, a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee at its Corporate Trust Office listed below or 
 (b) any other Person shall be in writing and shall be delivered personally or by facsimile transmission, electronic transmission in PDF format or prepaid overnight delivery service at the address listed below or at any other address subsequently furnished in writing to the Indenture Trustee by the applicable Person. 
 A-76 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

To the Indenture Trustee Wilmington Trust, National Association 
 Rodney Square North 
 1100 North Market Street 
 Wilmington, Delaware 19890 
 Attention Corporate Trust Administration 
 Phone 
 Fax 
 To the Issuer Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC 
 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540 
 Houston, Texas 77046 
 Attention Chief Financial Officer 
 Email and 
 Phone 
 Fax 
 with a copy to Sunnova Energy Corporation 
 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540 
 Houston, Texas 77046 
 Attention Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 Email and 
 Phone 
 Fax 
 To KBRA Kroll Bond Rating Agency, LLC 805 Third Avenue, 29 th Floor New York, NY 10022 
 Attention ABS Surveillance Email 
 
 Notices delivered to the Rating Agency shall be by electronic delivery to the email address set forth above where information is available in electronic format. In addition, upon the written request of any beneficial owner of a Note, the Indenture Trustee shall provide to such beneficial owner copies of such notices, reports or other information delivered, in one or more of the means requested, by the Indenture Trustee hereunder to other Persons as such beneficial owner may reasonably request. 
 Section 12.05 Notices and Reports to Noteholders Waiver of Notices . 
 (a) Where this Indenture provides for notice to Noteholders of any event or the mailing of any report to the Noteholders, such notice or report shall be written and shall be sufficiently given (unless otherwise herein expressly provided) if mailed, first-class, postage-prepaid, to each Noteholder affected by such event or to whom such report is required to be mailed or sent via electronic mail, at the address or electronic mail address of such Noteholder as it appears on the Note Register, not later than the latest date, and not earlier than the earliest date, prescribed for the giving of such notice or the mailing of such report. In any case where a notice 
 A-77 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

or report to Noteholders is mailed in the manner provided above, neither the failure to mail such notice or report, nor any defect in any notice or report so mailed, to any particular Noteholder shall affect the sufficiency of such notice or report with respect to other Noteholders, and any notice or report which is mailed in the manner herein provided shall be conclusively presumed to have been duly given or provided. 
 (b) Where this Indenture provides for notice in any manner, such notice may be waived in writing by any Person entitled to receive such notice, either before or after the event, and such waiver shall be the equivalent of such notice. Waivers of notice by Noteholders shall be filed with the Indenture Trustee, but such filing shall not be a condition precedent to the validity of any action taken in reliance upon such waiver. 
 (c) If, by reason of the suspension of regular mail service as a result of a strike, work stoppage or similar activity, it shall be impractical to mail notice of any event to the Noteholders when such notice is required to be given pursuant to any provision of this Indenture, then any manner of giving such notice as shall be satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee shall be deemed to be a sufficient giving of such notice. 
 (d) The Indenture Trustee shall, on or before each Payment Date, make available to each Noteholder each Quarterly Transaction Report and, unless directed to do so under any other provision of this Indenture or any other Transaction Document (in which case no request shall be necessary), a copy of all reports, financial statements and notices received by the Indenture Trustee pursuant to this Indenture and the other Transaction Documents, but only with the use of a password provided by the Indenture Trustee provided, however, the Indenture Trustee shall have no obligation to provide such information described in this Section 12.05 until it has received the requisite information from the Issuer or the Transaction Manager. The Indenture Trustee will make no representation or warranties as to the accuracy or completeness of such documents and will assume no responsibility therefor. The Indenture Trustee s internet website will initially be located at www.wilmingtontrustconnect.com or at such other address as the Indenture Trustee shall notify the parties to the Indenture from time to time. In connection with providing access to the Indenture Trustee s website, the Indenture Trustee may require registration and the acceptance of a disclaimer. The Indenture Trustee shall not be liable for the dissemination of information in accordance with this Indenture. 
 Section 12.06 Rules by Indenture Trustee . The Indenture Trustee may make reasonable rules for any meeting of Noteholders. 
 Section 12.07 Issuer Obligation . Each of the Indenture Trustee and each Noteholder accepts that the enforcement against the Issuer under this Indenture and under the Notes shall be limited to the assets of the Issuer, whether tangible or intangible, real or person (including the Trust Estate) and the proceeds thereof. No recourse may be taken, directly or indirectly, against (a) any member, manager, officer, employee, trustee, agent or director of the Issuer or of any predecessor of the Issuer, (b) any member, manager, beneficiary, officer, employee, trustee, agent, director or successor or assign of a holder of a member or limited liability company interest in the Issuer, or (c) any incorporator, subscriber to capital stock, stockholder, officer, director, employee or agent of the Indenture Trustee or any predecessor or successor thereof, with respect to the Issuer s obligations with respect to the Notes or any of the statements, representations, covenants, warranties or obligations of the Issuer under this Indenture or any Note or other writing delivered in connection herewith or therewith. 
 A-78 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 12.08 Enforcement of Benefits . The Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders shall be entitled to enforce and, at the written direction (electronic means shall be sufficient) of and with indemnity by the requisite Noteholders pursuant to the applicable Transaction Document, the Indenture Trustee shall enforce the covenants and agreements of the Transaction Manager contained in the Transaction Management Agreement, the Transaction Transition Manager contained in the Manager Transition Agreement, the Custodian contained in the Custodial Agreement, the Depositor and Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings contained in the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, the Performance Guarantor contained in the Performance Guaranty and each other Sunnova Entity contained in the Transaction Documents. 
 Section 12.09 Effect of Headings and Table of Contents . The Section and Section headings herein and the Table of Contents are for convenience only and shall not affect the construction hereof. 
 Section 12.10 Successors and Assigns . All covenants and agreements in this Indenture by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee shall bind their respective successors and assigns, whether so expressed or not. 
 Section 12.11 Separability Entire Agreement . If any provision in this Indenture or in the Notes shall be invalid, illegal or unenforceable, the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby. Furthermore, in lieu of such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision, there shall be added automatically as part of this Indenture, a provision as similar in its terms and purpose to such illegal, invalid or unenforceable provision as may be possible and be legal, valid and enforceable. This Indenture reflects the entire agreement with respect to the matters covered by this Indenture and supersedes any prior agreements, commitments, drafts, communication, discussions and understandings, oral or written, with respect thereto. 
 Section 12.12 Benefits of Indenture . Nothing in this Indenture or in the Notes, expressed or implied, shall give to any Person, other than the parties hereto and their successors hereunder, any separate trustee or co-trustee appointed under Section 7.13 and the Noteholders, any benefit or any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under this Indenture. 
 Section 12.13 Legal Holidays . If the date of any Payment Date or any other date on which principal of or interest on any Note is proposed to be paid or any date on which mailing of notices by the Indenture Trustee to any Person is required pursuant to any provision of this Indenture, shall not be a Business Day, then (notwithstanding any other provision of the Notes or this Indenture) payment or mailing of such notice need not be made on such date, but may be made or mailed on the next succeeding Business Day with the same force and effect as if made or mailed on the nominal date of any such Payment Date or other date for the payment of principal of or interest on any Note, or as if mailed on the nominal date of such mailing, as the case may be, and in the case of payments, no interest shall accrue for the period from and after any such nominal date, provided such payment is made in full on such next succeeding Business Day. 
 Section 12.14 Governing Law Jurisdiction Waiver of Jury Trial. (a) This Indenture and each Note shall be construed in accordance with and governed by the substantive laws of the State of New York (including New York General Obligations Laws 5-1401 and 5-1402, but otherwise without regard to conflicts of law provisions thereof, except with regard to the UCC) applicable to agreements made and to be performed therein. 
 A-79 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(b) The parties hereto agree to the non-exclusive jurisdiction of the Commercial Division, New York State Supreme Court, and federal courts in the borough of Manhattan in the City of New York in the State of New York. 
 (c) TO THE EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, EACH PARTY HERETO AND EACH NOTEHOLDER BY ACCEPTANCE OF A NOTE IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT OF TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM BASED ON, OR ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH, THIS INDENTURE, ANY OTHER DOCUMENT IN CONNECTION HEREWITH OR ANY MATTER ARISING HEREUNDER OR THEREUNDER. 
 Section 12.15 Electronic Signatures and Counterparts . This Indenture shall be valid, binding, and enforceable against a party when executed and delivered by an authorized individual on behalf of the party by means of (i) an original manual signature (ii) a faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or (iii) any other electronic signature permitted by the federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, state enactments of the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act, and or any other relevant electronic signatures law, including any relevant provisions of the UCC, in each case to the extent applicable. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature of any other party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. This Indenture may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute one and the same instrument. Notwithstanding the foregoing, with respect to any notice provided for in this Indenture or any instrument required or permitted to be delivered hereunder, any party hereto receiving or relying upon such notice or instrument shall be entitled to request execution thereof by original manual signature as a condition to the effectiveness thereof. 
 Section 12.16 Recording of Indenture . If this Indenture is subject to recording in any appropriate public recording offices, the Issuer shall effect such recording at its expense in compliance with an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that such recording is necessary either for the protection of the Noteholders or any other person secured hereunder or for the enforcement of any right or remedy granted to the Indenture Trustee under this Indenture or any other Transaction Document. 
 Section 12.17 Further Assurances . The Issuer agrees to do and perform, from time to time, any and all acts and to execute any and all further instruments required or reasonably requested by the Indenture Trustee to effect more fully the purposes of this Indenture, including, without limitation, the execution of any financing statements or continuation statements relating to the Trust Estate for filing under the provisions of the UCC of any applicable jurisdiction. 
 Section 12.18 No Bankruptcy Petition Against the Issuer . The Indenture Trustee agrees (and each Noteholder by its acceptance of a Note shall be deemed to agree) that, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all amounts payable with respect to the Notes, it will not institute against the Issuer, or join any other Person in instituting against the Issuer, any Insolvency Proceeding or other Proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State of the United States. This Section 12.18 shall survive the termination of this Indenture. 
 Section 12.19 Rule 15Ga-1 Compliance. 
 A-80 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(a) To the extent a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee receives a demand for the repurchase of a Solar Asset owned by a Non-Tax Equity Project Company based on a breach of a representation or warranty made by the Depositor of such Solar Asset (each, a Demand ), the Indenture Trustee agrees (i) if such Demand is in writing, promptly to forward such Demand to the Depositor, the Transaction Manager and the Issuer, and (ii) if such Demand is oral, to instruct the requesting party to submit such Demand in writing to the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer. 
 (b) In connection with the repurchase of a Solar Asset owned by a Non-Tax Equity Project Company pursuant to a Demand, any dispute with respect to a Demand, or the withdrawal or final rejection of a Demand by the Depositor of such Solar Asset, the Indenture Trustee agrees, to the extent a Responsible Officer of the Indenture Trustee has actual knowledge thereof, promptly to notify the Issuer, the Manager and the Depositor, in writing. 
 (c) The Indenture Trustee will (i) notify the Issuer, the Transaction Manager and the Depositor as soon as practicable and in any event within three Business Days of the receipt thereof and in the manner set forth in Exhibit D hereof, of all Demands and provide to the Issuer any other information reasonably requested to facilitate compliance by it with Rule 15Ga-1 under the Exchange Act Rule 15Ga-1 Information ), and (ii) if requested in writing by the Issuer or the Depositor, provide a written certification no later than ten days following any calendar quarter or calendar year that the Indenture Trustee has not received any Demands for such period, or if Demands have been received during such period, that the Indenture Trustee has provided all the information reasonably requested under clause (i) above with respect to such Demands. For purposes of this Indenture, references to any calendar quarter shall mean the related preceding calendar quarter ending in January, April, July and October, as applicable. The Indenture Trustee has no duty or obligation to undertake any investigation or inquiry related to any repurchases of Solar Assets, or otherwise assume any additional duties or responsibilities, other than those express duties or responsibilities of the Indenture Trustee hereunder or under the Transaction Documents, and no such additional obligations or duties are otherwise implied by the terms of this Indenture. The Issuer has full responsibility for compliance with all related reporting requirements associated with the transaction completed by the Transaction Documents and for all interpretive issues regarding this information. 
 Section 12.20 Multiple Roles . The parties expressly acknowledge and consent to Wilmington Trust, National Association, acting in the multiple roles of Indenture Trustee and Transaction Transition Manager. Wilmington Trust, National Association may, in such capacities, discharge its separate functions fully, without hindrance or regard to conflict of interest principles or other breach of duties to the extent that any such conflict or breach arises from the performance by Wilmington Trust, National Association of express duties set forth in this Indenture in any of such capacities, all of which defenses, claims or assertions are hereby expressly waived by the other parties hereto except in the case of negligence (other than errors in judgment), bad faith or willful misconduct by Wilmington Trust, National Association. 
 Section 12.21 PATRIOT Act . The parties hereto acknowledge that in accordance with the Customer Identification Program (CIP) requirements established under the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001, Title III of Pub. L. 107 56 (signed into law October 26, 2001) and its implementing regulations (collectively, the USA PATRIOT Act ), the Indenture Trustee in order to help fight the funding of terrorism and money laundering, is required to obtain, verify, and record information that identifies each 
 A-81 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

person or legal entity that establishes a relationship or opens an account with the Indenture Trustee. Each party hereby agrees that it shall provide the Indenture Trustee with such information as the Indenture Trustee may request from time to time in order to comply with any applicable requirements of the Patriot Act. 
 Article XIII Termination 
 Section 13.01 Termination of Indenture . 
 (a) This Indenture shall terminate on the Termination Date. The Servicer shall promptly notify the Indenture Trustee in writing of any prospective termination pursuant to this Article XIII . 
 (b) Notice of any prospective termination (other than pursuant to Section 6.01(a) with respect to Voluntary Prepayments in full), specifying the Payment Date for payment of the final payment and requesting the surrender of the Notes for cancellation, shall be given promptly by the Indenture Trustee by letter to the Noteholders as of the applicable Record Date and the Rating Agency upon the Indenture Trustee receiving written notice of such event from the Issuer or the Transaction Manager. The Issuer or the Transaction Manager shall give such notice to the Indenture Trustee not later than the 5th day of the month of the final Payment Date describing (i) the Payment Date upon which final payment of the Notes shall be made, (ii) the amount of any such final payment, and (iii) the location for presentation and surrender of the Notes. Surrender of the Notes shall be a condition of payment of such final payment. 
 Signature Page Follows 
 A-82 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

In Witness Whereof, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee have caused this Indenture to be duly executed as of the day and year first above written. 
 Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC, as Issuer 
 By s Eric Williams . 
 Name Eric Williams 
 Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Indenture Trustee 
 By s Clarice Wright . 
 Name Clarice Wright Title Vice President 
 
 Agreed and Acknowledged 
 Sunnova TE Management, LLC as Transaction Manager 
 By s Eric Williams . 
 Name Eric Williams 
 Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 Sunnova Energy Corporation with respect to Section 5.09 
 By s Eric Williams . 
 Name Eric Williams 
 Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 Signature Page to Sunnova 2024-3 Indenture 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Annex A 
 
 Standard Definitions 
 
 see attached 

A-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Annex A 
 Standard Definitions 
 Rules of Construction. In these Standard Definitions and with respect to the Transaction Documents (as defined below), (a) the meanings of defined terms are equally applicable to the singular and plural forms of the defined terms, (b) in any Transaction Document, the words hereof, herein, hereunder and similar words refer to such Transaction Document as a whole and not to any particular provisions of such Transaction Document, (c) any subsection, Section, Article, Annex, Schedule and Exhibit references in any Transaction Document are to such Transaction Document unless otherwise specified, (d) the term documents includes any and all documents, instruments, agreements, certificates, indentures, notices and other writings, however evidenced (including electronically), (e) the term including is not limiting and (except to the extent specifically provided otherwise) shall mean including (without limitation) , (f) unless otherwise specified, in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from shall mean from and including, the words to and until each shall mean to but excluding, and the word through shall mean to and including , (g) the words may and might and similar terms used with respect to the taking of an action by any Person shall reflect that such action is optional and not required to be taken by such Person, and (h) references to an agreement or other document include references to such agreement or document as amended, restated, reformed, supplemented and or otherwise modified in accordance with the terms thereof. 
 17g-5 Website means a website required to be maintained under Rule 17g-5. 
 1940 Act means the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, including the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 Account Property means the Accounts and all proceeds of the Accounts, including, without limitation, all amounts and investments held from time to time in any Account (whether in the form of deposit accounts, book-entry securities, uncertificated securities, security entitlements (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(17) of the UCC as enacted in the State of New York), financial assets (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC), or any other investment property (as defined in Section 9-102(a)(49) of the UCC)). 
 Accountant's Report has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3(a) of the Transaction Management Agreement. 
 Accounts means collectively, the Collection Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account and the Supplemental Reserve Account. 
 Acknowledgment means, with respect to the Project Company, an agreement entered into among the Tax Equity Investor Member, the Managing Member and the Indenture Trustee whereby the Tax Equity Investor Member consents to (i) the transfers from the Original 
 A-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Managing Member Owner of the membership interests of the Managing Member through various intermediary entities to the Issuer, (ii) the pledge by (a) the Issuer of the Managing Member Membership Interest and all proceeds thereof and (b) the Managing Member of the Class B membership interests and any proceeds thereof, in each case, to the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders, (iii) the right, but not the obligation, of the Indenture Trustee, upon the direction of the requisite Noteholders pursuant to the Indenture, to exercise its rights and remedies in respect of its security interest in all or any portion of such membership interests, (iv) any direct or indirect transfer of such membership interests by the Indenture Trustee to a subsequent owner resulting from the exercise of remedies by the Indenture Trustee, and (v) any subsequent assignment of all or any portion of such membership interests by such subsequent owner upon and after the exercise of remedies by the Indenture Trustee, in each case, without any further approval of, consent by, or other action by or of the Tax Equity Investor Member provided that the Designated Transfer Restrictions are satisfied in respect of any transfer described in clauses (iv) and (v) above. 
 Acquisition Price has the meaning set forth in the Managing Member Contribution Agreement. 
 Act has the meaning set forth in Section 12.03 of the Indenture. 
 Additional Principal Amount means 
 (i) with respect to any Payment Date (other than any dates falling within the conditions of clauses (ii) or (iii) below), an amount equal to 65 of all Available Funds remaining after payment of clauses (i) through (ix) of the Priority of Payments and 
 (ii) with respect to the first Payment Date occurring after a Special O&M Manager Event has commenced, an amount equal to 75 of all Available Funds remaining after payment of clauses (i) through (ix) of the Priority of Payments and 
 (iii) with respect to any subsequent Payment Date until the Payment Date immediately following the Collection Period in which the Special O&M Manager Event no longer exists, an amount equal to 100 of all Available Funds remaining after payment of clauses (i) through (ix) of the Priority of Payments. 
 Administrative Services means the specified administrative services required to be performed by the Project Company Servicer pursuant to the terms of the Project Company Servicing Agreement. 
 Affiliate means, with respect to any specified Person, any other Person controlling or controlled by or under common control with such specified Person. For the purposes of this definition, a Person shall be deemed to control another Person if the controlling Person owns 5 or more of any class of voting securities of the controlled Person or possesses, directly or 
 A-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

indirectly, the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the controlled Person, whether through ownership of stock, by contract or otherwise and the terms controlling and controlled have meanings correlative to the foregoing. For the avoidance of doubt, the Tax Equity Investor Member is deemed not to be an Affiliate of the Project Company solely as a result of owning a membership interest in the Project Company. 
 Aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance means, as of any date of determination, the sum of the Discounted Solar Asset Balances of all Solar Assets as of such date of determination. 
 Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance means, as of any date of determination, the sum of the Outstanding Note Balances of all Classes of Notes. 
 Allocated Services Provider Fee means for a Solar Asset, the product of (1) 1 12, (2) the DC kW of installed nameplate capacity of the related PV System and (3) the Allocated Services Provider Fee Base Rate. 
 Allocated Services Provider Fee Base Rate means, with respect to a Solar Asset, an amount equal to (i) plus (ii)(x) if the Solar Asset has Energy Storage Systems and is not subject to a New Home Solar Service Agreement, the quotient of (a) divided by (b) the DC kW of installed nameplate capacity of the related PV System or (y) if the Solar Asset has Energy Storage Systems and the Solar Asset is subject to a New Home Solar Service Agreement, the quotient of (a) divided by (b) the DC kW of installed nameplate capacity of the related PV System, and on July 31 of each year (or if any such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day) commencing in July 2025 the fees described in clause (i) and (ii) shall each be increased by . 
 Ancillary Solar Service Agreement means, in respect of each Host Customer Solar Asset, all agreements and documents ancillary to the Solar Service Agreement associated with such Host Customer Solar Asset, which are entered into with a Host Customer in connection therewith. 
 Anticipated Repayment Date means the Payment Date occurring in July 2033. 
 Applicable Law means all applicable laws of any Governmental Authority, including, without limitation, laws relating to consumer leasing and protection and any ordinances, judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs and orders or like actions of any Governmental Authority and rules and regulations of any federal, regional, state, county, municipal or other Governmental Authority. 
 Attached Home means a duplex or triplex, townhome, condo or manufactured or modular home that is an improvement to real property. 
 Approving Noteholders means, (i) at any time until the date (on and including) 180 days from the Closing Date, the Purchasers party to the Note Purchase Agreement who are Noteholders as of such time and (ii) after the date 180 days after the Closing Date, the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class. 
 A-4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Authorized Officer means, with respect to any Person, the Chairman, Co-Chairman or Vice Chairman of the Board of Directors, the President, any Vice President, any Assistant Vice President, the Secretary, any Assistant Secretary, the Treasurer, any Assistant Treasurer or any other authorized officer of the Person who is authorized to act for the Person and whose name appears on a list of such authorized officers furnished by the Person to the Indenture Trustee (containing the specimen signature of such officers), as such list may be amended or supplemented from time to time. 
 Available Funds means, with respect to any Payment Date, the aggregate Managing Member Distributions, together with (i) earnings on Eligible Investments, (ii) amounts deposited by the Depositor pursuant to the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, or the Performance Guarantor pursuant to the Performance Guaranty, (iii) amounts transferred from the Supplemental Reserve Account or the Liquidity Reserve Account (including in each case, proceeds of a draw on a Letter of Credit that have been deposited into either such account), (iv) all distributions made by the Project Company to the Issuer upon the Managing Members' acquisition of the Tax Equity Investor Member's membership interest in the Project Company, (v) if a Voluntary Prepayment Date is the same date as a Payment Date, amounts received in connection with a Voluntary Prepayment, in each case on deposit in the Collection Account, (vi) any Equity Cure Payment made by Sunnova Energy during a Potential Equity Cure Event on deposit in the Collection Account, (vii) any SREC Proceeds (to the extent the Transaction Manager has not withdrawn such SREC Proceeds from the Collection Account prior to the related Determination Date), PBI Payments and TREC Payments on deposit in the Collection Account and (viii) deposits made to the Collection Account by the Transaction Manager pursuant to the Transaction Management Agreement provided, however , that any amounts due during a Collection Period but deposited into the Collection Account within ten (10) Business Days after the end of such Collection Period may, at the Transaction Manager's option upon notice to the Indenture Trustee, be treated as if such amounts were on deposit in the Collection Account as of the end of such prior Collection Period and if so treated, such amounts shall not be considered Available Funds for any other Payment Date. Additionally, Managing Member Distributions in respect of any Collection Period that are collected or distributed after a Collection Period but prior to the Determination Date related to the Payment Date for such Collection Period shall be deemed to be received or distributed during such Collection Period and shall constitute Available Funds for such Collection Period. For the avoidance of doubt, Host Customer Security Deposits on deposit in the Host Customer Deposit Account and Grid Services Net Revenue are not Available Funds. 
 Bankruptcy Code means the United States Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. Section 101, et seq., as amended. 
 Benefit Plan Investor has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(b)(vi) of the Indenture. 
 Bill Credit means a service credit received by a Host Customer as a result of a failure of such Host Customer's PV System to generate the guaranteed or estimated energy for the applicable period in accordance with the related Production Guaranty or True-Up Obligation. 
 A-5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Business Day means any day other than (i) a Saturday or Sunday or any day which is a federal holiday, or (ii) a day on which banking institutions in New York City, the city in which the Transaction Manager is located, the city in which the Custodian administers the Custodial Agreement or the city in which the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee is located are authorized or obligated by law or executive order to be closed. 
 Buyout Right means the right of a member of the Project Company to purchase the membership interests of the other member of the Project Company upon the occurrence of certain specified events under the Project Company LLCA. 
 Calculation Date means, with respect to any Payment Date, unless the context requires otherwise, the close of business on the last day of the related Collection Period. 
 Call Date means the earliest date on which the Purchase Option may be exercised. 
 Certifications has the meaning set forth in Section 4(d) of the Custodial Agreement. 
 Class means all of the Notes of a series having the same Rated Final Maturity, interest rate, priority of payments and designation. 
 Class A Notes means the 6.45 Class A Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3 issued pursuant to the Indenture. 
 Class B Deferred Interest means, with respect to the Class B Notes and any Payment Date that occurs during a Sequential Interest Amortization Period when the Class A Notes are Outstanding, an amount equal to the sum of (i) interest accrued during the related Interest Accrual Period at the related Note Rate on the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class B Notes immediately prior to such Payment Date and (ii) the amount of unpaid Class B Deferred Interest from prior Payment Dates plus, to the extent permitted by law, interest thereon at the related Note Rate. 
 Class B Notes means the 8.78 Class B Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3 issued pursuant to the Indenture. 
 Closing Date means October 18, 2024. 
 Closing Date Certification has the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) of the Custodial Agreement. 
 Closing Date Delinquent Solar Asset means a Host Customer Solar Asset for which the related Host Customer is more than 60 days past due on any portion of a contractual payment due under the related Solar Service Agreement on the Closing Date. 
 Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, including any successor or amendatory statutes. 
 A-6 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Collection Account has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01(a) of the Indenture. 
 Collection Period means, with respect to a January Payment Date, the immediately preceding three-month period beginning on and including October 1 and ending on and including December 31 with respect to an April Payment Date, the immediately preceding three-month period beginning on and including January 1 and ending on and including March 31 with respect to a July Payment date, the immediately preceding three-month period beginning on and including April 1 and ending on and including June 30 and with respect to an October Payment Date, the immediately preceding three-month period beginning on and including July 1 and ending on and including September 30 . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the initial Collection Period will be the period from, but not including, the Initial Cut-Off Date through, and including, December 31, 2024. 
 Consumer Protection Law means all Applicable Laws and implementing regulations protecting the rights of consumers, including but not limited to those Applicable Laws enforced or administered by the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, the Federal Trade Commission, and any other federal or state Governmental Authority (such as, by way of example, the California Department of Consumer Affairs) empowered with similar responsibilities. 
 Controlling Class means the Class A Notes until the Outstanding Note Balance thereof has been reduced to zero, then the Class B Notes. 
 Conveyed Property has the meaning set forth in the Managing Member Contribution Agreement. 
 Corporate Trust Office means the office of the Indenture Trustee at which its corporate trust business is administered, which office on the Closing Date will be for note transfer purposes and for purposes of presentment and surrender of the Notes for the final distributions thereon, as well as for all other purposes, Wilmington Trust, National Association, Rodney Square North, 1100 North Market Street, Wilmington, Delaware 19890, Attention Corporate Trust Administration, or such other address as shall be designated by the Indenture Trustee in a written notice to the Issuer and the Transaction Manager. 
 Credit and Underwriting Policy means Sunnova Energy's standardized protocol and set policies to qualify potential customers. 
 Cumulative Default Percentage means, for any Determination Date, the quotient (expressed as a percentage) of (i) the sum of the applicable Discounted Solar Asset Balance of each Host Customer Solar Asset (other than any Non-Advanced Solar Asset or Closing Date Delinquent Solar Assets) and TREC that became a Defaulted Solar Asset since the Closing Date other than any Defaulted Solar Assets that are replaced with Qualified Substitute Solar Assets at least three (3) Business Days prior to the related Determination Date (such Discounted Solar Asset Balance) measured immediately prior to the Host Customer Solar Asset becoming a Defaulted Solar Asset divided by (ii) the Aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance as of the Closing Date. 
 A-7 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Custodial Agreement means that certain custodial agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, among the Custodian, the Transaction Manager, the Indenture Trustee and the Issuer. 
 Custodian means U.S. Bank as custodian of the Custodian Files pursuant to the terms of the Custodial Agreement, and its permitted successors and assigns. 
 Custodian Fee means, for each Payment Date, other than the First Payment date, (in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments) an amount equal to . With respect to the First Payment Date, an amount equal to . 
 Custodian File means (i) a PDF copy of the related Solar Service Agreement executed by a Host Customer, including any amendments thereto, provided that if an amendment to a Solar Service Agreement is not fully executed, the Custodian File shall only be deemed to contain such Solar Service Agreement without giving effect to such amendment, (ii) to the extent not incorporated within the related Solar Service Agreement, a fully executed copy of the related Production Guaranty and or Customer Warranty Agreement, if any, (iii) an executed electronic copy of the related Interconnection Agreement to which Sunnova Energy is a party, if any, (iv) an executed copy of the related Net Metering Agreement, if any, to which Sunnova Energy is a party, if separate from the Interconnection Agreement, (v) documents evidencing Permits to operate the related PV System and, if applicable, Energy Storage System, if any, (vi) an executed copy of the related Payment Facilitation Agreement, if any, (vii) all customer information with respect to ACH payments, if any, and (viii) any other documents the Project Company Manager routinely keeps on file, in accordance with its customary procedures, relating to such Solar Asset or the related Host Customer, which may include PTO Documentation, as applicable, or Rebates, if any. For purposes of clause (i) of this definition, executed by a Host Customer does not require the signature of any co-owner. 
 Customer Warranty Agreement means (a) with respect to a PV System and, if applicable, an Energy Storage System, any separate warranty agreement provided by Sunnova Energy to a Host Customer (which may be an exhibit to a Solar Service Agreement) in connection with the performance and installation of the related PV System and, if applicable, Energy Storage System (which, in the case of a PV System, may include a Production Guaranty) and (b) with respect to an Energy Storage System, any separate warranty agreement provided by Sunnova Energy to a Host Customer pursuant to which Sunnova Energy or its agents have agreed to repair or replace an Energy Storage System in accordance with the terms of the Manufacturer's Warranty attached to such agreement. 
 Cut-Off Date means the Initial Cut-Off Date or a Subsequent Cut-Off Date, as applicable. 
 Dealer means a third party with whom the Originator or any of its affiliates contracts to source potential customers and to design, install and service PV Systems and or Energy Storage Systems. 
 Dealer Warranty means a Dealer's workmanship warranty under which the Dealer is obligated, at its sole cost and expense, to correct defects in its installation work for a period of at 
 A-8 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

least ten years and provide a roof warranty of at least five years, in each case, from the date of installation. 
 Default means any event which results, or which with the giving of notice or the lapse of time or both would result, in an Event of Default or a Transaction Manager Termination Event. 
 Defaulted Solar Asset means (i) in the case of a Host Customer Solar Asset, (A) the related Host Customer is more than 120 days past due on any portion of a contractual payment due under the related Solar Service Agreement and (B) the related Solar Service Agreement has not been brought current or the related PV System and, if applicable, Energy Storage System has not been removed and or the related Solar Service Agreement re-assigned (or a replacement Solar Service Agreement executed) within 240 days after the end of such 120 day period provided that , for the avoidance of doubt, any past due amounts owed by an original Host Customer after reassignment to or execution of a replacement Solar Service Agreement with a new Host Customer will not cause the Host Customer Solar Asset to be deemed to be a Defaulted Solar Asset and (ii) in the case of a TREC, (A) the TREC Obligor is more than 60 days past due on any portion of amounts due under such TREC or (B) the related TREC is terminated without payment for any reason. 
 Defective Solar Asset means a Designated Solar Asset with respect to which it is determined by the Indenture Trustee (acting at the written direction of the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class) or the Transaction Manager, at any time, that the Depositor or the Issuer breached one or more of the applicable representations or warranties regarding eligibility of such Solar Asset contained in Exhibit A to the Managing Member Contribution Agreement as of the related Cut-Off Date (or as of the Closing Date or related Transfer Date, as so provided in Exhibit A to the Managing Member Contribution Agreement), which breach has a material adverse effect on the Noteholders and has not been cured within the applicable grace period or waived by the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class. 
 Deferred Post-ARD Additional Note Interest has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(c) of the Indenture. 
 Delivery when used with respect to Account Property means 
 (i)(A) with respect to bankers' acceptances, commercial paper, negotiable certificates of deposit and other obligations that constitute instruments within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(47) of the UCC, transfer thereof 
 (1) by physical delivery to the Indenture Trustee, indorsed to, or registered in the name of, the Indenture Trustee or its nominee or indorsed in blank 
 (2) by the Indenture Trustee continuously maintaining possession of such instrument and 
 (3) by the Indenture Trustee continuously indicating by book-entry that such instrument is credited to the related Account 
 A-9 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(B) with respect to a certificated security (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(4) of the UCC), transfer thereof 
 (1) by physical delivery of such certificated security to the Indenture Trustee, provided that if the certificated security is in registered form, it shall be indorsed to, or registered in the name of, the Indenture Trustee or indorsed in blank 
 (2) by the Indenture Trustee continuously maintaining possession of such certificated security and 
 (3) by the Indenture Trustee continuously indicating by book-entry that such certificated security is credited to the related Account 
 (C) with respect to any security issued by the U.S. Treasury, the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation or the Federal National Mortgage Association that is a book-entry security held through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to Federal book entry regulations, the following procedures, all in accordance with Applicable Law, including applicable federal regulations and Articles 8 and 9 of the UCC, transfer thereof 
 (1) by (x) book-entry registration of such property to an appropriate book-entry account maintained with a Federal Reserve Bank by a securities intermediary which is also a depositary pursuant to applicable federal regulations and issuance by such securities intermediary of a deposit advice or other written confirmation of such book-entry registration to the Indenture Trustee of the purchase by the securities intermediary on behalf of the Indenture Trustee of such book-entry security the making by such securities intermediary of entries in its books and records identifying such book-entry security held through the Federal Reserve System pursuant to Federal book-entry regulations as belonging to the Indenture Trustee and continuously indicating that such securities intermediary holds such book-entry security solely as agent for the Indenture Trustee or (y) continuous book-entry registration of such property to a book-entry account maintained by the Indenture Trustee with a Federal Reserve Bank and 
 (2) by the Indenture Trustee continuously indicating by book-entry that property is credited to the related Account 
 (D) with respect to any asset in the Accounts that is an uncertificated security (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(18) of the UCC) and that is not governed by clause (C) above or clause (E) below 
 (1) transfer thereof 
 (a) by registration to the Indenture Trustee as the registered owner thereof, on the books and records of the issuer thereof or 
 (b) by registration to another Person (not a securities intermediary) who either becomes the registered owner of the uncertificated security on behalf of the Indenture Trustee, or having become the registered owner, acknowledges that it holds for the Indenture Trustee or 
 A-10 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(2) the issuer thereof has agreed that it will comply with instructions originated by the Indenture Trustee with respect to such uncertificated security without further consent of the registered owner thereof or 
 (E) in the case of each security in the custody of or maintained on the books of a clearing corporation (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(5) of the UCC) or its nominee, by causing 
 (1) the relevant clearing corporation to credit such security to a securities account of the Indenture Trustee at such clearing corporation and 
 (2) the Indenture Trustee to continuously indicate by book-entry that such security is credited to the related Account 
 (F) with respect to a security entitlement (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(17) of the UCC) to be transferred to or for the benefit of a collateral agent and not governed by clauses (C) or (E) above if a securities intermediary (1) indicates by book entry that the underlying financial asset (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC) has been credited to be the Indenture Trustee's securities account (as defined in Section 8-501(a) of the UCC), (2) receives a financial asset from the Indenture Trustee or acquires the underlying financial asset for the Indenture Trustee, and in either case, accepts it for credit to the Indenture Trustee's securities account or (3) becomes obligated under other law, regulation or rule to credit the underlying financial asset to the Indenture Trustee's securities account, the making by the securities intermediary of entries on its books and records continuously identifying such security entitlement as belonging to the Indenture Trustee and continuously indicating by book-entry that such securities entitlement is credited to the Indenture Trustee's securities account and by the Indenture Trustee continuously indicating by book-entry that such security entitlement (or all rights and property of the Indenture Trustee representing such securities entitlement) is credited to the related Account and or 
 (ii) In the case of any such asset, such additional or alternative procedures as are now or may hereafter become appropriate to effect the complete transfer of ownership of, or control over, any such assets in the Accounts to the Indenture Trustee free and clear of any adverse claims, consistent with changes in Applicable Law or the interpretation thereof. 
 In each case of Delivery contemplated by the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee shall make appropriate notations on its records, and shall cause the same to be made on the records of its nominees, indicating that securities are held in trust pursuant to and as provided in the Indenture. 
 Depositor means Sunnova SOL VIII Depositor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Depositor Financing Statement means a UCC-1 financing statement naming the Issuer as the secured party and the Depositor as debtor. 
 A-11 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Designated Solar Asset means, as of the Closing Date (with respect to the Initial Solar Assets) and as of the Transfer Date (with respect to any Qualified Substitute Solar Assets), the Solar Assets (other than those Solar Assets identified on the Schedule of Solar Assets as Non-Advanced Solar Assets or Closing Date Delinquent Solar Assets) listed on the Schedule of Solar Assets. 
 Designated Transfer Restrictions means, for the Project Company, the restrictions on the transfer of the Managing Member Membership Interest and the related membership interests in the Project Company, as set forth in the Project Company LLCA. 
 Determination Date means, with respect to any Payment Date, the close of business on the third Business Day prior to such Payment Date, beginning in January 2025. 
 Discount Rate means 6.00 . 
 Discounted Solar Asset Balance means, as of any date of determination, (i) with respect to a Host Customer Solar Asset, an amount equal to the present value of the remaining and unpaid stream of Net Scheduled Payments for such Host Customer Solar Asset on or after such date of determination, based upon discounting such Net Scheduled Payments to such date of determination at an annual rate equal to the Discount Rate and (ii) with respect to a TREC, an amount equal to the present value of the remaining and unpaid stream of Projected TREC Payments for such TREC on or after such date of determination, based upon discounting such Projected TREC Payments to such date of determination at an annual rate equal to the Discount Rate provided, however, that in the case of the foregoing, any Non-Advanced Solar Asset, Defective Solar Asset, Defaulted Solar Asset or Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset, as applicable, will be deemed to have a Discounted Solar Asset Balance equal to zero 0) provided, further, that in the case of a Qualified Substitute Solar Asset, the Discounted Solar Asset Balance for such Qualified Substitute Solar Asset will be equal to the present value of the remaining and unpaid stream of Net Scheduled Payments for such Host Customer Solar Asset for the period beginning on such date of determination and ending on the earlier of (A) the Rated Final Maturity and (B) the date of the last Net Scheduled Payment for such Host Customer Solar Asset based upon discounting such Net Scheduled Payments to such date of determination at an annual rate equal to the Discount Rate. Prepaid Solar Service Agreements and Closing Date Delinquent Solar Assets may have a negative Discounted Solar Asset Balance because of allocation of a pro rata share of certain costs to such Solar Service Agreements. 
 Disposition means any direct or indirect sale, transfer, assignment or other disposition. 
 Distributable Cash means, with respect to the Project Company, Distributable Cash as set forth in the Project Company LLCA. 
 Distribution Date means the fifteenth (15th) day after the last day of any calendar quarter. 
 Dollars , , U.S. Dollars or U.S. shall mean (a) United States dollars or (b) denominated in United States dollars. 
 A-12 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

DSCR means for any Determination Date an amount equal to 
 (i) (a) the sum of (1) the aggregate Host Customer Payments received during the related Collection Period (excluding (x) any amounts paid by the related Host Customer associated with the prepayment or buyout of expected future cash flows for future Collection Periods and (y) the sum of (I) any amounts paid by the related Host Customer in respect of sales, use or property taxes and (II) any amounts received by the Project Company in respect of SREC Proceeds, tax refunds, rebates or credit received in the related Collection Period), (2) the aggregate PBI Payments and TREC Payments received during the related Collection Period, and (3) the portion of Insurance Proceeds received during the related Collection Period in respect of lost Host Customer Payments, PBI Payments, TREC Payments or business interruption insurance provided, however, that any amounts due during a Collection Period but deposited into the Collection Account within ten (10) Business Days after the end of such Collection Period may, at the Transaction Manager's option upon notice to the Indenture Trustee, be treated as if such amounts were on deposit in the Collection Account as of the end of such prior Collection Period and if so treated, such amounts shall not be considered received during any other Collection Period minus (b) the sum of (1) the aggregate Project Company Expenses paid or reserved for during the related Collection Period with respect to the Project Company, (2) the Tax Equity Investor Distributions in respect of the related Collection Period, (3) the aggregate indemnity payments, if any, paid or reserved for by the Managing Member to the Tax Equity Investor Member (without duplication of any amounts distributed to the Tax Equity Investor Member as a result of the occurrence of a Limited Step-up Event), in respect of the related Collection Period (other than to the extent paid from proceeds of the Tax Loss Insurance Policy), and (4) the sum of the Transaction Manager Fee, the Transaction Transition Manager Fee, the Custodian Fee and the Indenture Trustee Fee, in each case payable on the related Payment Date, divided by 
 (ii) the Total Debt Service for the related Payment Date. 
 Upon timely payment and deposit of the Equity Cure Payment into the Collection Account, the Equity Cure Payment shall be added to the sum specified in clause (i)(A) of the definition of DSCR for purposes of calculating the DSCR as of the applicable Determination Date. 
 Early Amortization Period means the period commencing on any Determination Date if (in each case, except during the continuance of a Sequential Interest Amortization Period) 
 (i) the DSCR is less than or equal to 1.15 for such Determination Date and the immediately preceding Determination Date 
 (ii) the insurance required to be maintained by the Project Company under the Project Company LLCA is not in effect or 
 (iii) on any date after the Anticipated Repayment Date, the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance is greater than zero. 
 A-13 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

An Early Amortization Period of the type described in clause (i) shall continue until the DSCR is greater than 1.15 for two (2) consecutive Determination Dates. An Early Amortization Period of the type described in clause (ii) shall continue until all insurance required to be maintained by the Project Company under the Project Company LLCA is in effect. An Early Amortization Period of the type described in clause (iii) will continue until the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance has been reduced to zero. 
 Electronic Copy means the electronic form into which Sunnova Energy, in the ordinary course of its business and in compliance with its document storage policy, originates in an electronic form or converts into an electronic form all Solar Service Agreements, PBI Documents and Lease Agreements. 
 Eligible Account means either (i) a segregated trust account or accounts maintained with an institution whose deposits are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the unsecured and uncollateralized long-term debt obligations of which institution shall be rated investment grade or higher by S&P and the short-term debt obligations of which are at least investment grade by S&P, and which is (A) a federal savings and loan association duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the federal banking laws, (B) an institution duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the applicable banking laws of any State, (C) a national banking association duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the federal banking laws or (D) a subsidiary of a bank holding company, and as to which the Rating Agency has indicated that the use of such account shall not cause the withdrawal of its rating on any Notes, (ii) a segregated trust account or accounts maintained with the trust department of a federal or State chartered depository institution, having capital and surplus of not less than , acting in its fiduciary capacity, and acceptable to the Rating Agency or (iii) with respect to the Host Customer Deposit Account, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 Eligible Investments means any one or more of the following obligations or securities 
 (i) (A) direct interest-bearing obligations of, and interest-bearing obligations guaranteed as to payment of principal and interest by, the United States or any agency or instrumentality of the United States the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States (B) direct interest-bearing obligations of, and interest-bearing obligations guaranteed as to payment of principal and interest by, the Federal National Mortgage Association or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, but only if, at the time of investment, such obligations are assigned the highest credit rating by S and (C) evidence of ownership of a proportionate interest in specified obligations described in (A) and or (B) above 
 (ii) demand, time deposits, money market deposit accounts, certificates of deposit of, and federal funds sold by, depository institutions or trust companies (including the Indenture Trustee acting in its commercial capacity) incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof (or domestic branches of foreign banks), subject to supervision and examination by federal or state banking or depository institution authorities, and having, at the time of the Issuer's investment or contractual commitment to invest therein, a short term unsecured debt rating of by S&P, or 
 A-14 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

such lower rating as will not result in the downgrading, qualification or withdrawal of the rating on any Note by the Rating Agency 
 (iii) securities bearing interest or sold at a discount issued by any corporation incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof which have a rating of no less than by S&P and a maturity of no more than 365 days 
 (iv) commercial paper (including both non-interest bearing discount obligations and interest-bearing obligations payable on demand or on a specified date not more than one year after the closing date thereof) of any corporation (other than the Issuer, but including the Indenture Trustee, acting in its commercial capacity), incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof, that, at the time of the investment or contractual commitment to invest therein, a rating of by the S&P, or such lower rating as will not result in the downgrading, qualification or withdrawal of the rating on any Note by the Rating Agency 
 (v) money market mutual funds, including, without limitation, those of the Indenture Trustee or any Affiliate thereof, or any other mutual funds registered under the 1940 Act which invest only in other Eligible Investments, having a rating, at the time of such investment, in the highest rating category by S&P, including any fund for which the Indenture Trustee, or an Affiliate thereof serves as an investment advisor, administrator, shareholder servicing agent, and or custodian or subcustodian, notwithstanding that (A) the Indenture Trustee or an affiliate thereof, charges and collects fees and expenses from such funds for services rendered, (B) the Indenture Trustee or an affiliate thereof, charges and collects fees and expenses for services rendered under the Transaction Documents and (C) services performed for such funds and pursuant to the Transaction Documents may converge at any time 
 (vi) money market deposit accounts, demand deposits, time deposits or certificates of deposit of any depository institution or trust company incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any State thereof and subject to supervision and examination by federal or state banking or depository institution authorities provided, however, that at the time of the investment or contractual commitment to invest therein, the commercial paper or other short-term unsecured debt obligations (other than such obligations the rating of which is based on the credit of a Person other than such depository institution or trust company) thereof shall be rated by S 
 (vii) any investment approved in writing by the Issuer, and with respect to which the Issuer provides written evidence that such investment will not result in a downgrading, qualification or withdrawal of the rating on any Note by the Rating Agency 
 (viii) repurchase agreements with respect to obligations of, or guaranteed as to principal and interest by, the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof when such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America provided, however , that the unsecured obligations of the party agreeing to 
 A-15 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

repurchase such obligations at the time have a credit rating of no less than the by S and 
 (ix) any investment agreement (including guaranteed investment certificates, forward delivery agreements, repurchase agreements or similar obligations) with an entity which on the date of acquisition has a credit rating of no less than the by S&P. 
 The Indenture Trustee, or an Affiliate thereof may charge and collect such fees from such funds as are collected customarily for services rendered to such funds (but not to exceed investments earnings thereon). 
 The Indenture Trustee may purchase from or sell to itself or an Affiliate, as principal or agent, the Eligible Investments listed above. All Eligible Investments in an Account shall be made in the name of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders. 
 Eligible Letter of Credit Bank means a financial institution having total assets in excess of and with a long term rating of at least by S&P and a short term rating of at least by S&P. 
 Eligible Solar Asset means a Designated Solar Asset meeting, as of the related Cut-Off Date (or as of the Closing Date or related Transfer Date where so provided), all of the requirements set forth in Exhibit A of the Managing Member Contribution Agreement. 
 Energy Storage System means an energy storage system capable of delivering electricity to the location where installed without regard to connection to or operability of the electric grid in such location and to be used in connection with a PV System, including all equipment related thereto (including any battery management system, wiring, conduits and any replacement or additional parts included from time to time). 
 Equity Cure Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 5.07(a) of the Indenture. 
 ERISA has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(b)(vi) of the Indenture. 
 Event of Default has the meaning set forth in Section 9.01 of the Indenture. 
 Event of Loss means, with respect to a PV System or Energy Storage System, a loss that is deemed to have occurred with respect to a PV System or Energy Storage System if such PV System or Energy Storage System, as applicable, is damaged or destroyed by fire, theft or other casualty and such PV System or Energy Storage System, as applicable, has become inoperable because of such event. 
 Exchange Act means the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 Existing Home Lease Agreement means a Lease Agreement that is not a New Home Solar Service Agreement. 
 A-16 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code, official interpretations thereof, any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code, any intergovernmental agreements entered into in connection with any of the foregoing and any fiscal or regulatory legislation, rules or practices adopted pursuant to any such intergovernmental agreement, and any amendments made to any of the foregoing after the Closing Date. 
 FATCA Withholding Tax means any withholding or deduction made pursuant to FATCA in respect of any payment. 
 Financing Statements means, collectively, the Sunnova Intermediate Holdings Financing Statement, the Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings Financing Statement, the Sunnova SOL VIII Investor Financing Statement, the Depositor Financing Statement, the Issuer Financing Statement, and the Managing Member Financing Statement. 
 First Payment Date means the Payment Date occurring in January 2025. 
 Flip Date means the date after which the proportion of Distributable Cash distributable to the Tax Equity Investor Member in the Project Company is reduced pursuant to the Project Company LLCA. 
 Force Majeure Event means any event or circumstances beyond the reasonable control of and without the fault or negligence of the Person claiming Force Majeure. It shall include, without limitation, failure or interruption of the production, delivery or acceptance of electricity due to an act of god war (declared or undeclared) sabotage riot insurrection civil unrest or disturbance military or guerilla action terrorism economic sanction or embargo civil strike, work stoppage, slow-down, or lock-out explosion fire epidemic pandemic earthquake abnormal weather condition or actions of the elements hurricane flood lightning wind drought the binding order of any Governmental Authority (provided that such order has been resisted in good faith by all reasonable legal means) the failure to act on the part of any Governmental Authority (provided that such action has been timely requested and diligently pursued) unavailability of electricity from the utility grid, equipment, supplies or products (but not to the extent that any such availability of any of the foregoing results from the failure of the Person claiming Force Majeure to have exercised reasonable diligence) and failure of equipment not utilized by or under the control of the Person claiming Force Majeure. 
 GAAP means (i) generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America as in effect from time to time, consistently applied and (ii) upon mutual agreement of the parties, internationally recognized generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied. 
 Governmental Authority means any national, State or local government (whether domestic or foreign), any political subdivision thereof or any other governmental, quasi-governmental, judicial, public or statutory instrumentality, authority, body, agency, bureau or entity, (including any zoning authority, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, the relevant State commissions, the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, the Comptroller of the Currency 
 A-17 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

or the Federal Reserve Board, any central bank or any comparable authority) or any arbitrator with authority to bind a party at law. 
 Grant means to pledge, create and grant a security interest in and with regard to property. A Grant shall include all rights, powers and options (but none of the obligations) of the granting party thereunder, including without limitation the immediate and continuing right to claim for, collect, receive and give receipts for principal and interest payments in respect of such collateral and all other moneys payable thereunder, to give and receive notices and other communications, to make waivers or other agreements, to exercise all rights and options, to bring proceedings in the name of the granting party or otherwise, and generally to do and receive anything which the granting party is or may be entitled to do or receive thereunder or with respect thereto. 
 Grid Services means any grid services (including but not limited to resource adequacy, operating reserves and load relief), energy services (including but not limited to demand reduction, energy injection and energy consumption) and ancillary services (including but not limited to primary and secondary frequency response, frequency regulation and voltage support) provided however, Grid Services shall not include the sale of SRECs or the sale of energy to a Host Customer pursuant to the related Solar Service Agreement. 
 Grid Services Agreement has the meaning set forth in the definition of Payment Facilitation Agreement. 
 Grid Services Customer Credit Amount means an amount from the proceeds of Grid Services Revenue that is equal to any reduction, credit or discount provided in a Host Customer's invoiced bill in consideration of such Host Customer's participation or enrollment in a Grid Services program to the extent such reduction, credit or discount is not already accounted for in the base case model, as updated from time to time. 
 Grid Services Net Revenue means an amount equal to Grid Services Revenue, less any Grid Services Customer Credit Amounts. 
 Grid Services Revenue means payments or revenue received by the Project Company from the sale or provision of Grid Services from a PV System and or Energy Storage System to public utilities, independent power producers, retail energy providers, regional transmission organizations, energy trading companies, or other entities from time to time. 
 Highest Lawful Rate has the meaning set forth in the Managing Member Contribution Agreement. 
 Holder means a Noteholder. 
 Host Customer means a customer under a Solar Service Agreement. 
 Host Customer Deposit Account means the segregated trust account to hold all Host Customer Security Deposits with that name established with JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. (or 
 A-18 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

such successor bank, if applicable) in the name of the Originator and maintained pursuant to Section 5.01 of the Indenture. 
 Host Customer Payments means, with respect to a PV System, an Energy Storage System and a Solar Service Agreement, all payments due under or in respect of such Solar Service Agreement, including any amounts attributable to sales, use or property tax. Grid Services Revenue retained by the Project Company in connection with any reduction, credit or discount provided with respect to a Host Customer's participation in a Grid Services program shall constitute Host Customer Payments. For the avoidance of doubt, Host Customer Security Deposits will not constitute Host Customer Payments. 
 Host Customer Purchased Solar Asset means a Host Customer Solar Asset for which the related Host Customer has exercised its option, if any, to purchase the related PV System or Energy Storage System prior to the expiration of the term of the related Solar Service Agreement. 
 Host Customer Security Deposit means any security deposit that a Host Customer must provide in accordance with such Host Customer's Solar Service Agreement or Sunnova Energy's Credit and Underwriting Policy. 
 Host Customer Solar Asset means (i) a PV System and, if applicable, an Energy Storage System installed on a residential property, (ii) all related real property rights, Permits and Manufacturer Warranties (in each case, to the extent transferable), (iii) all rights and remedies of the lessor seller under the related Solar Service Agreement, including all Host Customer Payments on and after the related Cut-Off Date and any related security therefor (other than Host Customer Security Deposits), (iv) all rights and remedies of the payee under any PBI Documents related to such PV System, including all PBI Payments on and after the related Cut-Off Date and (v) all documentation in the Custodian File and other documents maintained by the Custodian related to such PV System and, if applicable, Energy Storage System, the PBI Documents and the Solar Service Agreement, if any. 
 Indenture means the indenture between the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee, dated as of the Closing Date, as supplemented or amended by one or more indentures supplemental thereto entered into pursuant to the applicable provisions thereof. 
 Indenture Trustee means Wilmington Trust, until a successor Person shall have become the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the applicable provisions of the Indenture, and thereafter Indenture Trustee means such successor Person in its capacity as indenture trustee. 
 Indenture Trustee Fee means, for each Payment Date other than the First Payment Date (in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments) an amount equal to . With respect to the First Payment Date, (in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments) an amount equal to . 
 A-19 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Independent Accountant means a nationally recognized firm of public accountants selected by the Transaction Manager provided, that such firm is independent with respect to the Transaction Manager within the meaning of the Securities Act. 
 Initial Cut-Off Date means June 30, 2024. 
 Initial Outstanding Note Balance means for the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, 295,200,000 and 12,900,000, respectively. 
 Initial Solar Assets means a portfolio of Host Customer Solar Assets and TRECs owned by the Issuer or the Project Company and identified on the Schedule of Solar Assets on the Closing Date. 
 Insolvency Event means, with respect to any Person 
 (i) the commencement of (a) a voluntary case by such Person under the Bankruptcy Code or (b) the seeking of relief by such Person under other debtor relief laws in any jurisdiction outside of the United States 
 (ii) the commencement of an involuntary case against such Person under the Bankruptcy Code (or other debtor relief laws) and the petition is not controverted or dismissed within 60 days after commencement of the case 
 (iii) a custodian (as defined in the Bankruptcy Code) (or equal term under any other debtor relief law) is appointed for, or takes charge of, all or substantially all of the property of such Person 
 (iv) such Person commences (including by way of applying for or consenting to the appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a rehabilitator, receiver, custodian, trustee, conservator or liquidator (or any equal term under any other debtor relief laws) (collectively, a conservator of such Person or all or any substantial portion of its property) any other proceeding under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency, liquidation, rehabilitation, conservatorship or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now or hereafter in effect relating to such Person 
 (v) such Person is adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction to be insolvent or bankrupt 
 (vi) any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding referred to in clauses (i) or (ii) above is entered 
 (vii) such Person suffers any appointment of any conservator or the like for it or any substantial part of its property that continues undischarged or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or 
 A-20 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(viii) such Person makes a compromise, arrangement or assignment for the benefit of creditors or generally does not pay its debts as such debts become due. 
 Insolvency Proceeding means any receivership, insolvency, liquidation, bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, composition or other judicial proceedings. 
 Institutional Accredited Investor means an institutional accredited investor as defined in Rule 501(a)(1), (2), (3) or (7) of Regulation D of the Securities Act. 
 Insurance Proceeds means any funds, moneys or other net proceeds received by or on behalf of the Project Company as the payee in connection with the physical loss or damage to a PV System and or Energy Storage System, a loss of revenue associated with a PV System and or Energy Storage System or any other insurable event, including any incident that will be covered by the insurance coverage paid for and maintained by the Project Company Manager on the Project Company's behalf. 
 Interconnection Agreement means, with respect to a PV System and, if applicable, an Energy Storage System, a contractual obligation between a utility and a Host Customer (and, in some cases, the owner of the related PV System and, if applicable, Energy Storage System) that allows the Host Customer to interconnect such PV System and, if applicable, any related Energy Storage System to the utility electrical grid. 
 Interest Accrual Period means for each Payment Date, the period from and including the immediately preceding Payment Date to but excluding such Payment Date and in each case will be deemed to be a period of 90 days, except that the Interest Accrual Period for the initial Payment Date shall be the number of days (assuming twelve 30-day calendar months) from and including the Closing Date to, but excluding, the initial Payment Date. For purposes of this calculation, all Payment Dates will be deemed to occur on the 30 th calendar day of January, April, July and October, as applicable. 
 Inverter means, with respect to a PV System, the necessary device(s) required to convert the variable direct electrical current (DC) output from a Solar Photovoltaic Panel into a utility frequency alternating electrical current (AC) that can be used by a Host Customer's home or property, or that can be fed back into a utility electrical grid pursuant to an Interconnection Agreement. 
 Issuer means Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Issuer Financing Statement means a UCC-1 financing statement naming the Indenture Trustee as the secured party and the Issuer as the debtor. 
 Issuer Operating Agreement means that certain Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Issuer dated the Closing Date. 
 Issuer Order means a written order or request signed in the name of the Issuer by an Authorized Officer and delivered to the Indenture Trustee. 
 A-21 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Issuer Secured Obligations means all amounts and obligations which the Issuer may at any time owe to or on behalf of the Indenture Trustee for the benefit of the Noteholders under the Indenture or the Notes. 
 ITC has the meaning ascribed to the term ITC in the applicable Project Company Documents. 
 ITC Loss Indemnity means, agreements by the Sponsor and or the Managing Member to indemnify the Tax Equity Investor Member for the loss of ITCs to the extent such loss results from certain events specified in the Project Company Documents. 
 KBRA means Kroll Bond Rating Agency, LLC, and its successors and assigns. 
 Lease Agreement means an agreement between the owner of the PV System and or Energy Storage System and a Host Customer whereby the Host Customer leases a PV System and or Energy Storage System from such owner for fixed or escalating monthly payments. 
 LeasePlus Agreement means a Lease Agreement pursuant to which Sunnova Energy leases a PV System to the related Host Customer at a fixed monthly rate for the entirety of the term of the lease and which contains a performance guaranty pursuant to which Sunnova Energy will credit the related Host Customer if the PV System fails to meet a guaranteed minimal level of power production on an annual basis. 
 Letter of Credit means any letter of credit issued by an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank and provided by the Issuer to the Indenture Trustee in lieu of or in substitution for moneys otherwise required to be deposited in the Liquidity Reserve Account or the Supplemental Reserve Account, as applicable, which Letter of Credit is to be held as an asset of the Liquidity Reserve Account or the Supplemental Reserve Account, as applicable. 
 Lien means, with respect to any asset, any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, charge, security interest, easement or encumbrance of any kind in respect of such asset, whether or not filed, recorded or otherwise perfected or effective under Applicable Law. 
 Limited Step-Up Event means events set forth in the Project Company LLCA that adjust the amount or ratio the Tax Equity Investor Member will receive of the Distributable Cash that otherwise would be payable to the Managing Member. 
 Liquidated Damages Amount means, as of any date of determination, for a Defective Solar Asset an amount equal to the Securitization Share of DSAB of such Solar Asset immediately prior to becoming a Defective Solar Asset. For the avoidance of doubt the Liquidated Damages Amount will not be less than zero 0). 
 Liquidity Reserve Account has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01(a) of the Indenture. 
 Liquidity Reserve Account Floor Amount means, with respect to each Payment Date, an amount equal to the sum of (A) the product of (i) and (ii) the Note Rate with respect to 
 A-22 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

the Class A Notes multiplied by the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class A Notes (before giving effect to principal payments on such Payment Date) and (B) the product of (i) and (ii) the Note Rate with respect to the Class B Notes multiplied by the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class B Notes (before giving effect to principal payments on such Payment Date) provided, however, that with respect to the Closing Date, the Liquidity Reserve Account Floor Amount will be calculated using the Initial Outstanding Note Balance of the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, respectively. 
 MA SMART Payments means with respect to a PV System, all payments due by the related PBI Obligor under the MA SMART Program. 
 MA SMART Program means the Solar Massachusetts Renewable Target (SMART) Program developed by the Massachusetts Department of Energy Resources. 
 Majority Noteholders means Noteholders representing not less than 51 of the Outstanding Note Balance of, as the context shall require, a Class of Notes or all Classes of Notes then Outstanding. 
 Make Whole Amount means, with respect to a Voluntary Prepayment of a Class of Notes prior to its Make Whole Determination Date, is an amount (not less than zero) equal to (1) using the Reinvestment Yield, the sum of the discounted present values of the scheduled payments of principal and interest remaining until the Make Whole Determination Date for the portion of such Class of Notes being prepaid (assuming prepayment of the remaining principal balance of such prepaid Notes on the Make Whole Determination Date and calculated prior to the application of the related Voluntary Prepayment and assuming a Regular Amortization Period is in effect), minus (2) the amount of principal that will be repaid by such Voluntary Prepayment made on such Class of Notes. 
 Make Whole Determination Date means the Payment Date occurring in July 2030. 
 Management Standard means the standard by which the Project Company Servicer and Project Company Manager have agreed to provide the Administrative Services or O&M Services, as applicable, under the Project Company Servicing Agreement or Project Company Management Agreement. 
 Manager Transition Agreement means that certain manager transition agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among the Transaction Manager, the Transaction Transition Manager, the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee. 
 Managing Member means Sunnova TEP 7-D Manager, a Delaware limited liability company that is an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of the Sponsor that acts as the manager of the Project Company and, as of the Closing Date, acts as the managing member of the Project Company. 
 A-23 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Managing Member Contribution Agreement means, the sale and contribution agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by and among Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor, the Depositor and the Issuer. 
 Managing Member Distributions means all distributions to be made by the Project Company to the Managing Member. 
 Managing Member Financing Statement means a UCC-1 financing statement naming the Indenture Trustee as the secured party and the Managing Member as the debtor. 
 Managing Member LLCA means the limited liability company operating agreement of the Managing Member. 
 Managing Member Membership Interest means all right, title and interest of the member (as defined in the limited liability company agreement of the Managing Member) in the Managing Member, including, without limitation, (i) the right to manage the business and affairs of the Managing Member, to vote on, consent to or approve matters requiring the vote, consent or approval of the members of the Managing Member and the right to dissolve the Managing Member, (ii) the right to distributions from the Managing Member and the right to allocations of profits or losses, the limited liability company interest (as defined in Section 18-101(10) of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act), and (iii) status as a member (as defined in Section 18-101(13) of the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act) of the Managing Member. 
 Manufacturer Warranty means any warranty given by a manufacturer of a PV System or Energy Storage System relating to such PV System or Energy Storage System or, in each case, any part or component thereof. 
 Master Purchase Agreement means the master development, purchase and sale agreement by and between the Project Company and the Seller pursuant to which the Seller agreed to arrange for the design, procurement and installation of certain PV Systems and Energy Storage Systems for the Project Company and the Project Company agreed to purchase such PV Systems and or Energy Storage Systems from the Seller and to take assignment of the associated Solar Service Agreements. 
 Material Adverse Effect means, with respect to any Person, any event or circumstance, individually or in the aggregate, having a material adverse effect on any of the following (i) the business, property, operations or financial condition of such Person or the Trust Estate, (ii) the ability of such Person to perform its respective obligations under the Transaction Documents (including the obligation to make any payments) or (iii) the priority or enforceability of any Lien in favor of the Indenture Trustee. 
 Minimum Denomination means 100,000. 
 Net Metering Agreement means, with respect to a PV System, as applicable, a contractual obligation between a utility and a Host Customer (and, in some cases, the owner of the related PV System and, if applicable, Energy Storage System) that allows the Host Customer 
 A-24 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

to offset its regular utility electricity purchases by receiving a bill credit at a specified rate for energy generated by such PV System that is exported to the utility electrical grid and not consumed by the Host Customer on its property. A Net Metering Agreement may be embedded or acknowledged in an Interconnection Agreement. 
 Net Scheduled Payment means, for any calendar month, an amount equal to (i) the sum of (A) the Scheduled Host Customer Payment for such Solar Asset (except for a Closing Date Delinquent Solar Asset, which shall have a Scheduled Host Customer Payment of 0) during such calendar month and (B) the Scheduled PBI Payment for such Solar Asset during such calendar month, minus (ii) the Allocated Services Provider Fee for such Solar Asset during such calendar month. The Scheduled Host Customer Payments exclude any amounts attributable to sales, use or property taxes to be collected from Host Customers. 
 New Home Lease Agreement means a Lease Agreement that is a New Home Solar Service Agreement. 
 New Home Solar Service Agreement means a Solar Service Agreement originated in connection with the construction of a new single-family home, duplex or triplex, townhome, condo or manufactured or modular home that is an improvement to real property. 
 New York UCC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.02(g)(ii)(F) of the Indenture. 
 Non-Advanced Solar Asset means a Solar Asset that does not meet one or more of the criteria required to be an Eligible Solar Asset as of the date the Depositor makes the representation with respect thereto as set forth in the Schedule of Solar Assets. For purposes of calculating the Liquidated Damages Amount and Repurchase Price, each Non-Advanced Solar Asset will be deemed to have a Securitization Share of DSAB and Discounted Solar Asset Balance of 0. 
 Non-Sequential Interest Amortization Period means any period in which a Sequential Interest Amortization Period is not in effect. 
 Non-Tax Equity Project Company means the Project Company after the Managing Member has acquired the membership interests of the Tax Equity Investor Member after exercise of the Purchase Option. 
 Note or Notes means, collectively, the 6.45 Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3 and the 8.78 Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3, issued in the definitive form of the Note attached to the Indenture as Exhibit A . 
 Note Interest means (i) with respect to the Class A Notes and any Payment Date, an amount equal to the sum of (a) interest accrued during the related Interest Accrual Period at the related Note Rate on the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class A Notes immediately prior to such Payment Date and (b) the amount of unpaid Note Interest for the Class A Notes from prior Payment Dates plus, to the extent permitted by law, interest thereon at the related Note Rate and 
 A-25 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(ii) with respect to the Class B Notes and (a) any Payment Date occurring during a Non-Sequential Interest Amortization Period or occurring during a Sequential Interest Amortization Period when the Class A Notes are not Outstanding, an amount equal to the sum of (1) interest accrued during the related Interest Accrual Period at the related Note Rate on the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class B Notes immediately prior to such Payment Date and (2) the amount of unpaid Note Interest for the Class B Notes from prior Payment Dates plus, to the extent permitted by law, interest thereon at the related Note Rate, and (b) any Payment Date occurring during a Sequential Interest Amortization Period when the Class A Notes are Outstanding, an amount equal to zero. 
 Note Purchase Agreement means that certain note purchase agreement dated October 15, 2024 among the Issuer, the Depositor, Sunnova Energy, and the Purchasers. 
 Note Rate means for the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, an annual rate of 6.45 and 8.78 , respectively. 
 Note Register and Note Registrar have the meanings set forth in Section 2.07(a) of the Indenture. 
 Noteholder means the Person in whose name a Note is registered in the Note Register. 
 Noteholder FATCA Information means information sufficient to eliminate the imposition of, or determine the amount of FATCA Withholding Tax. 
 Noteholder Tax Identification Information means properly completed, duly executed and valid tax certifications (generally, in the case of U.S. federal income tax, IRS Form W-9 (or applicable successor form) in the case of a person that is a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code or the appropriate IRS Form W-8 (or applicable successor form) in the case of a person that is not a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code). 
 Notice of Prepayment means the notice in the form of Exhibit C to the Indenture. 
 NRSRO means a nationally recognized statistical rating organization. 
 NRSRO Certification means a certification by a NRSRO that permits it to access a 17g-5 Website. 
 O&M Services means the operations and maintenance services of the PV Systems and or Energy Storage Systems required to be performed by the Project Company Manager pursuant to the terms of the Project Company Management Agreement. 
 OFAC has the meaning set forth in Section 3.12(u) of the Indenture . 
 Officer's Certificate means a certificate signed by an Authorized Officer or a Responsible Officer, as the case may be. 
 A-26 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Opinion of Counsel means a written opinion of counsel who may be outside counsel for the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee or other counsel and who shall be reasonably satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee, which shall comply with any applicable requirements of Section 12.02 of the Indenture and which shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee. 
 Ordinary Course of Business means the ordinary conduct of business consistent with custom and practice for, as the context may require, the rooftop and ground mounted solar businesses (including with respect to quantity and frequency) of the Issuer and its Affiliates. 
 Original Managing Member Owner means Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned, indirect subsidiary of Sunnova Energy. 
 Originator means Sunnova Energy. 
 Outstanding means, as of any date of determination, all Notes theretofore authenticated and delivered under the Indenture except 
 (i) Notes theretofore canceled by the Note Registrar or delivered to the Note Registrar for cancellation 
 (ii) Notes or portions thereof for whose payment money in the necessary amount in redemption thereof has been theretofore deposited with the Indenture Trustee in trust for the Holders of such Notes 
 (iii) Notes in exchange for or in lieu of which other Notes have been authenticated and delivered pursuant to the Indenture and 
 (iv) Notes alleged to have been destroyed, lost or stolen for which replacement Notes have been issued as provided for in Section 2.09 of the Indenture unless proof satisfactory to the Indenture Trustee is presented that any such Notes are held by a bona fide purchaser 
 provided, however, that in determining whether the Noteholders of the requisite percentage of the Outstanding Note Balance have given any request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent or waiver hereunder, Notes owned by Sunnova Energy, the Issuer or any Affiliate thereof shall be disregarded and deemed not to be Outstanding, except that, in determining whether the Indenture Trustee shall be protected in relying upon any such request, demand, authorization, direction, notice, consent, or waiver, only Notes which the Indenture Trustee actually knows to be so owned shall be so disregarded. Notes so owned which have been pledged in good faith may be regarded as Outstanding if the pledgee establishes to the satisfaction of the Indenture Trustee, in its sole discretion, the pledgee's right so to act with respect to such Notes and that the pledgee is not Sunnova Energy, the Issuer or an Affiliate thereof. 
 Outstanding Note Balance means, with respect to any Class of Notes, as of any date of determination, the Initial Outstanding Note Balance of such Class of Notes, less the sum of all scheduled and unscheduled note principal payments (including any portion of Voluntary Prepayments attributable to principal payments) actually distributed to the Noteholders of such Class of Notes on or prior to such date. 
 A-27 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Ownership Interest means, with respect to any Note, any ownership interest in such Note, including any interest in such Note as the Noteholder thereof and any other interest therein, whether direct or indirect, legal or beneficial. 
 Payment Date means the 30th day of each January, April, July and October, beginning in January 2025 provided, however, that if any such day is not a Business Day, then the payments due thereon shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day. 
 Payment Facilitation Agreement means each modification, waiver or amendment agreement (including a replacement Solar Service Agreement) entered into by the Project Company Servicer on behalf of the Project Company relating to a Solar Service Agreement. 
 Payment Facilitation Agreement Standard means a Payment Facilitation Agreement which meets the following criteria (i) such Payment Facilitation Agreement is entered into for a commercially reasonable purpose in an arm's-length transaction on market terms and in accordance with the Management Standard, and (ii) either (a)(I) in the reasonable judgment of the Project Company Servicer, the Payment Facilitation Agreement is in the best interest of the Project Company and does not adversely impact the value of such Host Customer Solar Asset relative to the value of such Host Customer Solar Asset had such Payment Facilitation Agreement not been completed, and (II) there is a default under the related Solar Service Agreement or in the judgment of the Project Company Servicer, the Host Customer related to such Host Customer Solar Asset could reasonably be expected to stop making the Host Customer Payments due under the related Solar Service Agreement but for such Payment Facilitation Agreement or (b) in connection with arrangements that the Project Company Servicer (or its affiliates) may enter into with public utilities, independent power producers, regional transmission organizations, energy trading companies, retail energy providers or other entities from time to time, for which such Host Customer Solar Asset is being made available for Grid Services or similar programs (in each case, a Grid Services Agreement ). 
 Payment Facilitation Amount means, with respect to any Host Customer Solar Asset (other than any Non-Advanced Solar Asset or Closing Date Delinquent Solar Asset) for which a Payment Facilitation Agreement has been completed, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (i) the Securitization Share of DSAB of such Host Customer Solar Asset immediately prior to such Payment Facilitation Agreement being completed (which includes any past due amounts), over (ii) the Securitization Share of DSAB of such Host Customer Solar Asset immediately after completion of such Payment Facilitation Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, the Scheduled Host Customer Payments to be used in the calculation of clause (ii) will be determined in accordance with the terms of the Payment Facilitation Agreement. 
 PBI Documents means, with respect to a PV System, (i) all applications, forms and other filings required to be submitted to a PBI Obligor in connection with the performance based incentive program maintained by such PBI Obligor and the procurement of PBI Payments, and (ii) all approvals, agreements and other writings evidencing (a) that all conditions to the payment of PBI Payments by the PBI Obligor have been met, (b) that the PBI Obligor is obligated to pay PBI Payments, and (c) the rate and timing of such PBI Payments. 
 A-28 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

PBI Obligor means a utility or Governmental Authority that maintains or administers a renewable energy program (including the MA SMART Program) designed to incentivize the installation of PV Systems and or Energy Storage Systems and use of solar generated electricity that has approved and is obligated to make PBI Payments to the owner of the related PV System and or Energy Storage System. 
 PBI Payments means, with respect to a PV System and the related PBI Documents, all payments due by the related PBI Obligor under or in respect of such PBI Documents (including MA SMART Payments) provided that PBI Payments do not include Rebates or SRECs or amounts received, if any, in respect of SRECs (including SREC Proceeds). 
 Perfection UCCs means, with respect to the Conveyed Property, the Trust Estate and the assets pledged pursuant to the Pledge and Security Agreement, (i) the date-stamped copy of the filed Sunnova Intermediate Holdings Financing Statement, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings Financing Statement, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor Financing Statement and Depositor Financing Statement covering the Conveyed Property, (ii) the date-stamped copy of the filed Issuer Financing Statement covering the Trust Estate, (iii) the date-stamped copy of the filed Managing Member Financing Statement covering the assets of the Managing Member pledged under the Pledge and Security Agreement, and (iv) the date-stamped copy of the filed Termination Statements releasing the Liens held by creditors of Sunnova Energy, its Affiliates or any other Person (other than as expressly contemplated by the Transaction Documents) covering the Conveyed Property, or, in the case of this clause (iv), a copy of search results performed and certified by a national search company indicating that such Termination Statements have been filed in the UCC filing offices of the States in which the Financing Statements being terminated were originally filed. 
 Performance Guarantor means Sunnova Energy. 
 Performance Guaranty means the performance guaranty, dated as of the Closing Date, made by the Performance Guarantor in favor of the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee. 
 Permits means, with respect to any PV System or Energy Storage System, the applicable permits, franchises, leases, orders, licenses, notices, certifications, approvals, exemptions, qualifications, rights or authorizations from or registration, notice or filing with any Governmental Authority required to operate such PV System or Energy Storage System. 
 Permitted Liens means (i) any lien for taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies not yet due and payable or which are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings, (ii) any other lien or encumbrance arising under or permitted by the Transaction Documents, (iii) to the extent a PV System or Energy Storage System constitutes a fixture, any conflicting interest of an encumbrancer or owner of the real property that has or would have priority over the applicable UCC Fixture Filing (or, in Guam, its jurisdictional equivalent) and (iv) any rights of Host Customers under the Solar Service Agreements. 
 A-29 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Person means any individual, corporation, partnership, joint venture, association, limited liability company, limited liability partnership, joint stock company, trust (including any beneficiary thereof), unincorporated organization or Governmental Authority. 
 Placement Agency Agreement means that certain placement agency agreement, dated as of October 15, 2024, by and between the Issuer and the Placement Agents. 
 Placement Agents means each of (i) Barclays Capital Inc and (ii) ATLAS SP Securities, a division of Apollo Global Securities, LLC. 
 Pledge and Security Agreement means the pledge and security agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, by the Managing Member and each Non-Tax Equity Project Company that becomes a party thereto in accordance with its terms, in favor of the Indenture Trustee. 
 Post-ARD Additional Interest Rate means, for a Class of Notes, an annual rate determined by the Transaction Manager to be the greater of (i) and (ii) the amount, if any, by which the sum of the following exceeds the related Note Rate (A) the yield to maturity (adjusted to a mortgage equivalent basis pursuant to the standards and practices of the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association) on the Anticipated Repayment Date of the United States Treasury Security having a term closest to ten (10) years, plus (B) , plus (C) the related Post-ARD Spread. 
 Post-ARD Additional Note Interest has the meaning set forth in Section 2.03(b) of the Indenture. 
 Post-ARD Spread means for the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, and , respectively. 
 Post-Closing Date Certification has the meaning set forth in Section 4(b) of the Custodial Agreement. 
 Potential Equity Cure Event has the meaning set forth in Section 5.07(a) of the Indenture. 
 Power Purchase Agreement means an agreement between the owner of the PV System and a Host Customer whereby the Host Customer agrees to purchase electricity produced by such PV System. 
 Predecessor Notes means, with respect to any particular Note, every previous Note evidencing all or a portion of the same debt as that evidenced by such particular Note and, for the purpose of this definition, any Note authenticated and delivered under Section 2.09 of the Indenture in lieu of a lost, destroyed or stolen Note shall be deemed to evidence the same debt as the lost, destroyed or stolen Note. 
 Prepayment Amount has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01(b) of the Indenture. 
 A-30 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Priority of Payments has the meaning set forth in Section 5.06(a) of the Indenture. 
 Proceeding means any suit in equity, action at law or other judicial or administrative proceeding. 
 Production Guaranty means, with respect to a PV System, an agreement in the form of a production warranty between the Host Customer and Sunnova Energy, that specifies a minimum level of solar energy production, as measured in kWh, for a specified time period. A Production Guaranty stipulates the terms and conditions under which the related Host Customer could be compensated or receive a production credit if the related PV System does not meet the electricity production minimums. 
 Project Company means Sunnova TEP 7-D, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company that owns PV Systems and or Energy Storage Systems, related Solar Service Agreements and other related Solar Assets. 
 Project Company Account Control Agreement means the account control agreement of the Project Company in which the Tax Equity Investor Member's capital contributions are deposited. 
 Project Company Back-Up Servicer means GreatAmerica Portfolio Services Group LLC, an Iowa limited liability company. 
 Project Company Back-Up Servicing Fee means the fee owed by the Project Company to the Project Company Back-Up Servicer under the Project Company Servicing Agreement. 
 Project Company Documents means, with respect to the Project Company, the (1) Project Company LLCA, (2) Master Purchase Agreement, (3) Project Company Guaranty, (4) Project Company Management Agreement, (5) Project Company Servicing Agreement, (6) Project Company Account Control Agreement, (7) transfer documentation among the Sponsor, one or more affiliates of the Sponsor and the Seller and transfer documentation between the Seller and the Project Company, (8) Solar Service Agreements, and (9) the Tax Loss Insurance Policy. 
 Project Company Expenses means, except to the extent payable by the Project Company Manager or Project Company Servicer and not reimbursable by the Project Company pursuant to the Project Company Management Agreement or Project Company Servicing Agreement, all expenses incurred for the operation of the Project Company or the PV Systems and or Energy Storage Systems and any reserves that, in the reasonable judgment of the Managing Member, are necessary or appropriate for payment of such expenses, including but not limited to (i) to the extent not reimbursed from the Supplemental Reserve Account, the amount payable in respect of any invoice received under the Project Company Management Agreement or Project Company Servicing Agreement (other than in respect of the fees described in clauses (iii) and (iv) below), (ii) expenses and or premiums related to insurance required pursuant to the Project Company Documents, (iii) the Project Company Manager Fees and the fees and expenses under the Project Company Management Agreement or those of any replacement manager, (iv) 
 A-31 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

the Project Company Servicer Fees, Project Company Back-Up Servicing Fees, and the fees and expenses under the Project Company Servicing Agreement or those of any replacement operator, (v) costs due to tax preparation or audit services for the Project Company and any other expense incurred for any taxes or filing fees of the Project Company and (vi) funding of any operation and maintenance reserve accounts in accordance with the related Project Company Documents. In no event shall Tax Equity Investor Distributions be deemed to be Project Company Expenses. 
 Project Company Guaranty means a guaranty issued by the Tax Equity Project Company Guarantor to the Tax Equity Investor Member. 
 Project Company LLCA means the limited liability company operating agreement of the Project Company. 
 Project Company Management Agreement means, with respect to the Project Company, the management agreement that the Project Company has entered into with the Project Company Manager, pursuant to which such affiliate is responsible, primarily at its cost and expense, for performing specified O&M Services (including, if applicable, any Special O&M Manager Agreement). 
 Project Company Manager means Sunnova Management (including, if applicable, any Special O&M Manager). 
 Project Company Manager Fee means, the fee owed by the Project Company to the Project Company Manager for O&M Services, and which is payable in accordance with the Project Company Management Agreement. 
 Project Company Members means, with respect to the Project Company, the Managing Member and the Tax Equity Investor Member. 
 Project Company Reduction Amount means for any Payment Date, if a Project Company Reduction Event has occurred during the related Collection Period, the product of (i) and (ii) the sum of the Securitization Share of DSAB of all Solar Assets owned by the Project Company (other than the Non-Advanced Solar Assets or Closing Date Delinquent Solar Assets), measured as of the last day of the Collection Period during which such event occurred provided that if the related Project Company Reduction Event has been cured or waived in accordance with the Indenture, then such Project Company Reduction Amount (or any unpaid portion thereof) shall thereupon be reduced to zero dollars 0). 
 Project Company Reduction Event means, with respect to the Project Company (i) if any of several actions relating to the insolvency of the Project Company or the Managing Member shall have occurred, including the appointment of a conservator or receiver or liquidator relating to the Project Company or the Managing Member or all or substantially all of their respective property which is consented to or remains in effect (ii) if the Tax Equity Investor Member shall have removed the Managing Member as managing member pursuant to the Project Company LLCA, provided that such Project Company Reduction Event shall be deemed cured if a replacement managing member of the Project Company is appointed pursuant to the Project 
 A-32 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Company LLCA and approved by the Majority Noteholders of the Controlling Class (iii) if the Project Company or the Managing Member shall become taxable as an association (or a publicly traded partnership taxable as a corporation) for U.S. federal income tax purposes or (iv) there shall remain in force, undischarged, unsatisfied, and unstayed for more than 30 consecutive days, any final non-appealable judgment in the amount of 100,000 or more not covered by insurance against the Project Company or the Managing Member. 
 Project Company Servicer means Sunnova Management. 
 Project Company Servicer Fee means, the fee owed by the Project Company to the Project Company Servicer for Administrative Services, and which is payable in accordance with the Project Company Servicing Agreement. 
 Project Company Servicing Agreement means the servicing agreement that the Project Company has entered into with the Project Company Servicer and the Project Company Back-Up Servicer, pursuant to which such affiliate is responsible, primarily at its cost and expense, for performing specified Administrative Services. 
 Project Company Successor Servicer means any Person that succeeds the Project Company Servicer in such capacity under and pursuant to the Project Company Servicing Agreement. 
 Projected Managing Member Distributions Values means the amount of Managing Member Distributions projected by the Issuer to be distributed by the Project Company to the Managing Member during each calendar year up to and including 2055, as set forth in Schedule IX of the Indenture. 
 Projected Tax Equity Investor Distributions means, for any calendar quarter, the amounts projected to be distributed to the Tax Equity Investor Member based on Scheduled Host Customer Payments, Scheduled PBI Payments and Projected TREC Payments assuming that the Purchase Option is not exercised and no Limited Step-up Events occur. 
 Projected TREC Payments means, for any calendar month and a TREC, the TREC Payments expected to be received from the TREC Obligor during each calendar month as set forth on Schedule IX to the Indenture. 
 PTO means, with respect to a PV System or Energy Storage System, receipt of a letter or functional equivalent from the connecting utility authorizing such PV System or Energy Storage System, as applicable, to be operated. 
 PTO Documentation means any documents evidencing PTO for the related PV System, if any, from the related utility or Governmental Authority. 
 Purchasers means the purchasers named on Exhibit B to the Note Purchase Agreement. 
 A-33 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Purchase Option means, with respect to the terms of the Project Company LLCA, the option of the Managing Member to purchase all of the Tax Equity Investor Member's membership interest in the Project Company. 
 Purchase Option Period means the period when the Purchase Option is exercisable pursuant to the Project Company LLCA. 
 Purchase Option Price means the purchase price payable by the Managing Member upon its exercise of the Purchase Option, as calculated in accordance with the Project Company LLCA. 
 PV System means, a photovoltaic system, including Solar Photovoltaic Panels, Inverters, Racking Systems, wiring and other electrical devices, as applicable, conduits, weatherproof housings, hardware, remote monitoring equipment, connectors, meters, disconnects and over current devices (including any replacement or additional parts included from time to time). 
 QIB means a qualified institutional buyer as defined in Rule 144A. 
 Qualified Purchaser means a qualified purchaser as defined in Section 2(a)(51) of the 1940 Act. 
 Qualified Service Provider means an Independent Accountant or other service provider. 
 Qualified Service Provider Report has the meaning set forth in Section 4.3(b) of the Transaction Management Agreement. 
 Qualified Substitute Solar Asset means a Host Customer Solar Asset that satisfies the Qualified Substitute Solar Asset Criteria as of the related Transfer Date. 
 Qualified Substitute Solar Asset Criteria means each of the following criteria 
 (i) qualifies as an Eligible Solar Asset 
 (ii) the Host Customers related to the Qualified Substitute Solar Assets transferred to the Project Company on such Transfer Date have a weighted average FICO score as of the date of origination thereof greater than or equal to the weighted average FICO score of the Host Customers related to the subject Replaced Solar Assets as of the date of origination thereof 
 (iii) the Qualified Substitute Solar Assets transferred to the Project Company on such Transfer Date shall not cause the percentage concentration of all Solar Assets owned by the Issuer (through its subsidiary Project Company) on such date (including for the avoidance of doubt, the Qualified Substitute Solar Assets transferred to the Project Company on such Transfer Date) in any one state or 
 A-34 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

territory to exceed the percentage concentration of the Initial Solar Assets on the Closing Date in such state or territory by more than 
 (iv) the Qualified Substitute Solar Assets transferred to the Project Company on such Transfer Date will not cause the weighted average PV System size (kW DC) of all Solar Assets owned by the Issuer (through its subsidiary Project Company) on such date (including, for the avoidance of doubt, the Qualified Substitute Solar Assets transferred to the Project Company on such Transfer Date) to deviate from the weighted average PV System size (kW DC) of the Solar Assets on the Closing Date by more than and 
 (v) the Qualified Substitute Solar Assets transferred to the Project Company on such Transfer Date have semi-annual cash flows measured over the course of a Collection Period that are greater than or equal to such semi-annual cash flows related to the subject Replaced Solar Assets. 
 Quarterly Data Tape means the data tape delivered on or before each Determination Date by the Transaction Manager to the Transaction Transition Manager containing the information set forth on Exhibit A to the Manager Transition Agreement. 
 Quarterly Transaction Report has the meaning set out in Section 4.1 of the Transaction Management Agreement. 
 Racking System means, with respect to a PV System, the hardware required to mount and securely fasten a Solar Photovoltaic Panel onto the Host Customer site where the PV System is located. 
 Rated Final Maturity means the Payment Date occurring in July 2059. 
 Rating Agency means KBRA. 
 Rating Agency Confirmation means, with respect to any event or circumstance that the Rating Agency has been given notice of such event or circumstance at least ten (10) Business Days prior to the occurrence of such event or circumstance. 
 Real Property Rights means all real property rights contained in the Solar Service Agreement. 
 Rebate means any rebate by a PBI Obligor, electric distribution company, or state or local governmental authority or quasi-governmental agency as an inducement to install or use a PV System, paid upon such PV System being placed in service. 
 Record Date means, with respect to any Payment Date or Voluntary Prepayment Date, the close of business on the last Business Day of the calendar month immediately preceding the calendar month in which such Payment Date or Voluntary Prepayment Date occurs. 
 A-35 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Regular Amortization Period means any period other than an Early Amortization Period or a period in which a Sequential Interest Amortization Period is in effect. 
 Regulation S means Regulation S, as amended, promulgated under the Securities Act. 
 Reinvestment Yield means, with respect to any Class of Notes, the yield on United States Treasury securities having a remaining term to maturity that is closest to the weighted average remaining life of such Class of Notes (calculated to the Make Whole Determination Date) plus 0.50 . Should more than one United States Treasury security have a term to maturity that is closest to the weighted average life of such Class of Notes, then the yield of the United States Treasury security quoted closest to par will be used in the calculation. 
 Replaced Solar Asset means a Defective Solar Asset, a Defaulted Solar Asset or a Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset for which the Depositor has substituted a Qualified Substitute Solar Asset pursuant to the Managing Member Contribution Agreement. 
 Replacement Transaction Manager means any Person appointed to replace the Transaction Manager and to assume the obligations of Transaction Manager under the Transaction Management Agreement (other than such obligations with respect to the Tax Loss Insurance Policy to the extent such Person does not agree to assume such obligations). 
 Repurchase Price means, for a Solar Asset and as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the Securitization Share of DSAB of such Solar Asset immediately prior to its repurchase. The Liquidated Damages Amount, if any, previously paid pursuant to the Managing Member Contribution Agreement with respect to any Defective Solar Asset shall be deemed to satisfy the Repurchase Price with respect to such Solar Asset in full. For the avoidance of doubt the Repurchase Price will not be less than zero 0). 
 Responsible Officer means when used with respect to the Indenture Trustee and Transaction Transition Manager, any President, Vice President, Assistant Vice President, Assistant Secretary, Assistant Treasurer or Corporate Trust Officer, or any other officer in the Corporate Trust Office customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers, in each case having direct responsibility for the administration of the Indenture. When used with respect to any Person other than the Indenture Trustee or the Transaction Transition Manager that is not an individual, the President, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Marketing Officer, Chief Strategy Officer, Treasurer, any Vice-President, Assistant Vice-President or the Controller of such Person, or any other officer or employee having similar functions. 
 Rule 17g-5 means Rule 17g-5 under the Exchange Act. 
 Rule 144A means the rule designated as Rule 144A promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act. 
 S means S&P Global Ratings, a business unit of Standard & Poor's Financial Services, LLC. 
 A-36 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule of Solar Assets means the schedule of Solar Assets related to PV Systems and, if applicable, Energy Storage Systems owned by the Project Company, as such schedule may be amended from time to time (in accordance with the terms of the Transaction Documents). 
 Scheduled Host Customer Payments means for each Host Customer Solar Asset, the Host Customer Payments expected to be received from the related Host Customer during each calendar month in respect of the initial term of the related Solar Service Agreement, as set forth on Schedule IX to the Indenture, as the same may be adjusted by the Transaction Manager to reflect that such Host Customer Solar Asset has become a Defaulted Solar Asset, a Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset, a Defective Solar Asset, a Replaced Solar Asset or if a Payment Facilitation Agreement has been executed in connection with such Host Customer Solar Asset. The Scheduled Host Customer Payments exclude any amounts attributable to sales, use or property taxes to be collected from Host Customers. 
 Scheduled Note Principal Payment for a Class of Notes and a Payment Date means an amount equal to the sum of (i) any unpaid portion of the Scheduled Note Principal Payments from prior Payment Dates, and (ii) the product of (A) (1) the Scheduled Outstanding Note Balance of such Class of Notes for the prior Payment Date minus (2) the Scheduled Outstanding Note Balance of such Class of Notes for such Payment Date and and (B) a fraction (1) the numerator of which is equal to the Outstanding Note Balance of such Class of Notes (without taking into account any distributions to be made on such Payment Date) minus the unpaid portion of the Scheduled Note Principal Payments of such Class of Notes from prior Payment Dates and (2) the denominator of which is the Scheduled Outstanding Note Balance of such Class of Notes for the prior Payment Date. 
 Scheduled Outstanding Note Balance means for each Payment Date and each Class of Notes, the amount set forth as the Scheduled Outstanding Note Balance on Schedule VI to the Indenture. 
 Scheduled PBI Payments means for each Designated Solar Asset for each calendar month, the payments scheduled to be paid by a PBI Obligor during such calendar month, if any, as set forth on Schedule IX to the Indenture, as the same may be adjusted by the Transaction Manager to reflect that such Designated Solar Asset has become a Defaulted Solar Asset, a Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset, a Defective Solar Asset, a Replaced Solar Asset or if a Payment Facilitation Agreement has been executed in connection with such Host Customer Solar Asset. 
 Securities Act means the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 Securitization Share of DSAB means, with respect to a Solar Asset as of any date of determination, the amount equal to the product of 
 (i) the Discounted Solar Asset Balance of such Solar Asset and 
 (ii) for any Solar Asset 
 A-37 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(a) owned by the Project Company as to which the Flip Date has not occurred, 
 (b) owned by the Project Company as to which (1) the Flip Date has occurred and (2) the Issuer has not acquired the membership interests of the Tax Equity Investor Member through the exercise of the Purchase Option, and 
 (c) owned by the Project Company after the Issuer has acquired the membership interests of the Tax Equity Investor Member through the exercise of the Purchase Option, . 
 SEI means Sunnova Energy International Inc., a Delaware corporation and sole stockholder of Sunnova Energy. 
 Seller means Sunnova TEP Developer, LLC, as seller under the Master Purchase Agreement. 
 Sequential Interest Amortization Period means a period commencing 
 (i) on any Determination Date occurring prior to the Anticipated Repayment Date, if the DSCR for such Determination Date is less than or equal to 
 (ii) on any Determination Date occurring after the Payment Date occurring in July 2029, if the Cumulative Default Percentage for the related Payment Date exceeds the specified percentage as set forth in Schedule VIII of the Indenture 
 (iii) if an Event of Default shall have occurred or 
 (iv) on any Determination Date, if as a result of the replacement of the Project Company Manager or Project Company Servicer, the aggregate Project Company Expenses for the Project Company in respect of the related Collection Period are more than greater than what the Project Company Expenses would have been for such Collection Period had the Project Company Manager or Project Company Servicer not been replaced. 
 A Sequential Interest Amortization Period of the type described in clause (i) above will continue until the next Determination Date on which the DSCR is greater than . A Sequential Interest Amortization Period of the type described in clause (ii) above will continue until the next Determination Date when the Cumulative Default Percentage for the related Payment Date is less than or equal to the threshold for such Payment Date specified in Schedule VIII of the Indenture. A Sequential Interest Amortization Period of the type described in clause (iii) above will continue until all Events of Default have been cured or waived in accordance with the Indenture. A Sequential Interest Amortization Period of the type described in clause (iv) shall continue until the next Determination Date on which the aggregate Project Company Expenses for the Project Company in respect of the related Collection Period are no longer more than greater than what the Project Company Expenses would have been for such 
 A-38 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Collection Period had the Project Company Manager or Project Company Servicer not been replaced. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a Sequential Interest Amortization Period may not be cured after the Anticipated Repayment Date. 
 Settlement Statement has the meaning set forth in the Managing Contribution Agreement and SOL VIII Solar Asset Contribution Agreement, as applicable. 
 Similar Law has the meaning set forth in Section 2.07(b)(vi) of the Indenture. 
 Solar Asset means the Initial Solar Assets and any Qualified Substitute Solar Assets. 
 Solar Asset Management Files means such files, documents, and computer files (including those documents comprising the Custodian File) necessary for the Transaction Manager to perform the Transaction Management Services. 
 Solar Benefits Agreement means a Lease Agreement pursuant to which Sunnova Energy leases a PV System to the related Host Customer at a fixed monthly rate for the entirety of the term of the lease and which contains a savings tracker pursuant to which Sunnova Energy will pay to the related Host Customer on an annual basis any amount by which the total amount paid under the Lease Agreement and to the local utility is greater than the amount the related Host Customer would have paid if such PV System had not been installed. 
 Solar Photovoltaic Panel means, with respect to a PV System, the necessary hardware component that uses wafers made of silicon, cadmium telluride, or any other suitable material, to generate a direct electrical current (DC) output using energy from the sun's light. 
 Solar Service Agreement means, in respect of a PV System and or an Energy Storage System, a Lease Agreement or a Power Purchase Agreement entered into with a Host Customer and all ancillary agreements and documents related thereto, including any related Payment Facilitation Agreements, but excluding any Production Guaranty or Customer Warranty Agreement. 
 Special O&M Manager means any party listed on Exhibit B of the Manager Transition Agreement (or any other provider of O&M Services that is approved by the Approving Noteholders) that is appointed as Special O&M Manager to be available as a replacement for the Project Company Manager in the event the Project Company Manager is removed or resigns. 
 Special O&M Manager Agreement means either (at the Issuer s discretion) (1) a management agreement between the Project Company and the Special O&M Manager regarding, inter alia , the appointment of and performance by the Special O&M Manager of O&M Services, that is in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Approving Noteholders or (2) the Project Company Management Agreement, as amended to reflect, inter alia , the appointment of and performance by the Special O&M Manager of O&M Services, that, as amended, is in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Approving Noteholders. 
 A-39 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Special O&M Manager Standby Fee means the standby fee, if any, payable (in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments) to a Special O&M Manager. 
 Special O&M Manager Event has the meaning set forth in Section 3.06(i)(i) of the Indenture . 
 Sponsor means Sunnova Energy. 
 SREC means a solar renewable energy certificate representing environmental credits, benefits, emissions reductions, offsets and allowances, howsoever entitled, that are created or otherwise arise from a PV System's generation of electricity, including, but not limited to, a solar renewable energy certificate issued to comply with a state's renewable portfolio standard (including, for the avoidance of doubt, a Solar Renewable Energy Certificate-II issued under New Jersey's Successor Solar Incentive Program). For the avoidance of doubt, SRECs do not include any renewable energy certificates that are the basis for PBI Payments or TREC Payments or to which a PBI Obligor or a TREC Obligor is given title to under a performance-based incentive program. 
 SREC Proceeds means all cash proceeds actually received by the Issuer or the Project Company from the sale of SRECs. 
 State means any one or more of the states comprising the United States and the District of Columbia. 
 Subcontractor means any person to whom the Transaction Manager subcontracts any of its obligations under the Transaction Management Agreement, including the vendors and any person to whom such obligations are further subcontracted of any tier. 
 Subsequent Cut-Off Date means, with respect to any Qualified Substitute Solar Asset, (i) the close of business on the last day of the calendar month immediately preceding the related Transfer Date or (ii) such other date designated by the Transaction Manager. 
 Substitution Shortfall Amount means an amount in cash equal to the amount by which (i) the sum of (a) the Securitization Share of DSAB of the Replaced Solar Asset (measured as if such Solar Asset were not a Defective Solar Asset, Defaulted Solar Asset or Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset, as applicable) and (b) if the Replaced Solar Asset is not transferred from the Project Company to the Depositor or its affiliates, an amount equal to the product of the Allocated Service Provider Fee attributable to the Replaced Solar Asset and exceeds (ii) the Securitization Share of DSAB of the Qualified Substitute Solar Asset as of the related Transfer Date. For the avoidance of doubt the Substitution Shortfall Amount will not be less than zero 0). 
 Sunnova Energy means Sunnova Energy Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 
 A-40 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Sunnova Entities means each of Sunnova Energy, Sunnova Management, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Investor, the Depositor, the Issuer, the Managing Member and the Project Company. 
 Sunnova Intermediate Holdings means Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Sunnova Intermediate Holdings Financing Statement means a UCC-1 financing statement naming Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings as the secured party and Sunnova Intermediate Holdings as the debtor. 
 Sunnova Management means Sunnova TE Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings means Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings Financing Statement means a UCC-1 financing statement naming the SOL VIII Investor as the secured party and Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings as the debtor. 
 Sunnova SOL VIII Investor means Sunnova SOL VIII Investor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Sunnova SOL VIII Investor Financing Statement means a UCC-1 financing statement naming the Depositor as the secured party and Sunnova SOL VIII Investor as the debtor. 
 Super-Majority Noteholders means Noteholders representing not less than 66-2 3 of the Outstanding Note Balance of, as the context shall require, a Class of Notes or all Classes of Notes then Outstanding. 
 Supplemental Reserve Account has the meaning set forth in Section 5.01(a) of the Indenture. 
 Supplemental Reserve Account Deposit means, on each Payment Date after the October 2029 Payment Date, an amount equal to the sum of (i) any Supplemental Reserve Account Deposit amounts from prior periods not deposited into the Supplemental Reserve Account and (ii) the lesser of (a) the sum of (x) the product of (A) one-fourth of and (B) the aggregate DC nameplate capacity (measured in kW) of all the PV Systems owned by the Project Company (excluding Defaulted Solar Assets that are not operational and not in the process of being removed or redeployed) on the related Determination Date and (y) the product of (A) one-fourth of and (B) the aggregate storage capacity (measured in kWh) of the batteries included in Energy Storage Systems owned by the Project Company (excluding Defaulted Solar Assets that are not operational and not in the process of being removed or redeployed) on the related Determination Date that have related Solar Service Agreements with remaining terms that exceed the remaining terms of the related manufacturer warranty for such Energy Storage 
 A-41 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

System and (b) (i) the Supplemental Reserve Required Amount as of the related Determination Date, minus (ii) the sum of the amount on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account as of the related Determination Date, and the amount, if any, being deposited into the Supplemental Reserve Account on such Payment Date pursuant to clause (i). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Supplemental Reserve Account Deposit will be zero for any Payment Date on which the sum of Available Funds is greater than or equal to the sum of (i) the payments and distributions required under clauses (i) through (vi) in the Priority of Payments, (ii) the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance as of such Payment Date prior to any distributions made on such Payment Date and (iii) all accrued and unpaid interest on the Notes (including any Class B Deferred Interest, Post-ARD Additional Note Interest or Deferred Post-ARD Additional Note Interest). 
 Supplemental Reserve Required Amount means, on each Payment Date, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the product of (a) and (b) the aggregate DC nameplate capacity (measured in kW) of all PV Systems owned by the Project Company (excluding Defaulted Solar Assets that are not operational and not in the process of being removed or redeployed) on the related Determination Date that have related Solar Service Agreements with remaining terms that exceed the remaining terms of the related Manufacturer Warranty for the Inverter associated with such PV System, (ii) the product of (a) and (b) the aggregate storage capacity (measured in kWh) of the batteries included in Energy Storage Systems owned by the Project Company (excluding Defaulted Solar Assets that are not operational and not in the process of being removed or redeployed) on the related Determination Date that have related Solar Service Agreements with remaining terms that exceed the remaining terms of the related manufacturer warranty for such Energy Storage System and (iii) the deductibles under the Tax Loss Insurance Policy. 
 Tax (and, with correlative meaning, Taxes and Taxable means 
 (i) any taxes, customs, duties, charges, fees, levies, penalties or other assessments imposed by any federal, state, local or foreign taxing authority, including, but not limited to, income, gross receipts, windfall profit, severance, property, production, sales, use, license, excise, franchise, net worth, employment, occupation, payroll, withholding, social security, alternative or add-on minimum, ad valorem, transfer, stamp, unclaimed property or environmental tax, or any other tax, custom, duty, fee, levy or other like assessment or charge of any kind whatsoever, together with any interest, penalty, addition to tax, or additional amount attributable thereto and 
 (ii) any liability for the payment of amounts with respect to payment of a type described in clause (i) , including as a result of being a member of an affiliated, consolidated, combined or unitary group, as a result of succeeding to such liability as a result of merger, conversion or asset transfer or as a result of any obligation under any tax sharing arrangement or tax indemnity agreement, but excluding any liability arising under any commercial agreement the primary purpose of which does not relate to Taxes. 
 Tax Equity Investor Distributions means the aggregate distributions made by the Project Company to the Tax Equity Investor Member in respect of the related Collection Period, including any distribution of cash to the Tax Equity Investor Member in respect of the related 
 A-42 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Collection Period as a result of the occurrence of a Limited Step-up Event provided that distributions that are scheduled to be paid to the Tax Equity Investor Member in respect of any Collection Period shall be treated as having been paid during such Collection Period so long as such distributions are made no later than the related Determination Date. 
 Tax Equity Investor Member means, with respect to the Project Company, the member to whom substantially all of the tax benefits of ownership of the related PV Systems and Energy Storage Systems and a portion of cash are allocated. 
 Tax Equity Project Company Guarantor means Sunnova Energy, under the Project Company Guaranty. 
 Tax Loss Insurance Policy means a tax loss insurance policy issued by the Tax Loss Insurer(s), with respect to the Project Company. 
 Tax Loss Insurer means, with respect to the Project Company, a certain syndicate of Lloyd's of London and Palms Insurance Company, Limited. 
 Tax Opinion means an Opinion of Counsel to the effect that an amendment or modification of the Indenture will not materially adversely affect the federal income tax characterization of any Note, or adversely affect the federal tax classification status of the Issuer. 
 Tax Return means any return, report or similar statement required to be filed with respect to any Taxes (including attached schedules), including any information return, claim for refund, amended return or declaration of estimated Tax. 
 Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset means a Host Customer Solar Asset for which the related PV System and, if applicable, Energy Storage System (i) has experienced an Event of Loss and is not repaired, restored, replaced or rebuilt to substantially the same condition as it existed immediately prior to the Event of Loss within 180 days of such Event of Loss or (ii) is deemed to be a Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset by the Transaction Manager in accordance with the Transaction Management Agreement. 
 Termination Date means the date on which the Indenture Trustee shall have received payment and performance of all Issuer Secured Obligations. 
 Termination Statement has the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(i) of the Indenture. 
 Total Debt Service means, for a Payment Date, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the Note Interest with respect to the Class A Notes plus the Note Interest with respect to the Class B Notes (in all cases, assuming a Non-Sequential Interest Amortization Period for such Payment Date) and (ii) the aggregate Scheduled Note Principal Payment for the Class A Notes and the Class B Notes, in each case for such Payment Date. 
 Transaction Documents means, collectively, the Indenture, the Managing Member Contribution Agreement, the Performance Guaranty, the Transaction Management Agreement, 
 A-43 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

the Manager Transition Agreement, the Pledge and Security Agreement, the Note Purchase Agreement, the Custodial Agreement, the Acknowledgment and the other transaction documents identified therein. 
 Transaction Management Agreement means that certain Transaction Management Agreement, dated as of the Closing Date, between the Transaction Manager and the Issuer. 
 Transaction Management Services has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) of the Transaction Management Agreement. 
 Transaction Management Standard has the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(a) of the Transaction Management Agreement. 
 Transaction Manager means Sunnova Management as the initial Transaction Manager or any other Replacement Transaction Manager acting as Transaction Manager pursuant to the Transaction Management Agreement. Unless the context otherwise requires, Transaction Manager also refers to any successor Transaction Manager appointed pursuant to the Transaction Management Agreement. 
 Transaction Manager Fee means for each Payment Date other than the First Payment Date (in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments) an amount equal to . With respect to the First Payment Date (in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments), an amount equal to . 
 Transaction Manager Termination Event has the meaning set forth in Section 5.1 of the Transaction Management Agreement. 
 Transaction Transition Manager means Wilmington Trust in its capacity as the Transaction Transition Manager under the Manager Transition Agreement. 
 Transaction Transition Manager Expenses means (i) any reasonable and documented out-of-pocket expenses incurred in taking any actions required in its role as Transaction Transition Manager and (ii) any indemnities owed to the Transaction Transition Manager in accordance with the Manager Transition Agreement. 
 Transaction Transition Manager Fee means for each Payment Date other than the First Payment Date (in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments), an amount equal to . With respect to the First Payment Date (in accordance with and subject to the Priority of Payments), an amount equal to . 
 Transfer means any direct or indirect transfer or sale of any Ownership Interest in a Note. 
 Transfer Date means, with respect to a Qualified Substitute Solar Asset, the date upon which the Non-Tax Equity Project Company acquires such Qualified Substitute Solar Asset. 
 A-44 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Transfer Date Certification shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(c) of the Custodial Agreement. 
 Transferee means any Person who is acquiring by Transfer any Ownership Interest in a Note. 
 Transferee Letter means a letter in the form of Exhibit B-2 to the Indenture executed by a Transferee in connection with a Transfer. 
 Transferor Letter means a letter in the form of Exhibit B-1 to the Indenture executed by a Transferor in connection with a Transfer. 
 TREC means transition renewable energy credits generated in respect of a PV System under the Transition Incentive Program or the Successor Solar Incentive Program, as applicable, adopted by the New Jersey Clean Energy Program. 
 TREC Obligor means InClime, as the program administrator or its successor, or a New Jersey electric distribution company required to make payments with respect to TRECs. 
 TREC Payments means with respect to a PV System, all payments due by the related TREC Obligor under or in respect of TRECs. 
 True-Up Obligation means, with respect to a PV System, a true-up obligation between the Host Customer and the owner of the PV System that specifies a minimum level of solar energy production, as measured in kWh, for a specified time period. A True-Up Obligation stipulates the terms and conditions under which the related Host Customer could be compensated or receive a production credit if the related PV System does not meet the electricity production estimates. 
 Trust Estate means all property and rights of the Issuer Granted to the Indenture Trustee pursuant to the Granting Clause of the Indenture for the benefit of the Noteholders. 
 U.S. Bank means U.S. Bank National Association. 
 UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as adopted in the State of New York or in any other State having jurisdiction over the assignment, transfer or pledge of the Conveyed Property and other items of the Trust Estate pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
 UCC Fixture Filing means a fixture filing as defined in Section 2-A-309 of the UCC covering a PV System naming the initial Project Company Servicer as secured party on behalf of the Project Company. 
 Unscheduled Note Principal Payment means for a Payment Date means an amount equal to the sum of (without duplication) 
 (i) the product of (a) and (b) the sum of 
 A-45 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(a) the sum of the applicable Securitization Share of DSAB of each Host Customer Solar Asset (other than any Non-Advanced Solar Asset or Closing Date Delinquent Solar Assets) and TREC that became a Defaulted Solar Asset during the related Collection Period other than any Defaulted Solar Assets that are replaced with Qualified Substitute Solar Assets at least three (3) Business Days prior to the related Determination Date (such Securitization Share of DSAB measured immediately prior to the Host Customer Solar Asset becoming a Defaulted Solar Asset) 
 (b) the sum of the applicable Securitization Share of DSAB of each Host Customer Solar Asset (other than any Non-Advanced Solar Asset or Closing Date Delinquent Solar Assets) that became a Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset during the related Collection Period other than any Terminated Host Customer Solar Assets that are replaced with Qualified Substitute Solar Assets at least three (3) Business Days prior to the related Determination Date (such Securitization Share of DSAB measured immediately prior to such Host Customer Solar Asset becoming a Terminated Host Customer Solar Asset) 
 (c) the sum of, for each Host Customer Solar Asset (other than any Non-Advanced Solar Asset or Closing Date Delinquent Solar Assets) as to which all or any portion of any remaining expected payments due under or in respect of the related Solar Service Agreement, PBI Agreement or TREC Payments has been prepaid in advance of the expected Collection Period by or on behalf of a Host Customer, PBI Obligor or TREC Obligor (including pursuant to a Grid Services Agreement), the excess of (i) the applicable Securitization Share of DSAB of such Host Customer Solar Asset (measured immediately prior to such prepayment) over (ii) the applicable Securitization Share of DSAB of such Host Customer Solar Asset (measured immediately after such prepayment) 
 (d) the sum of the applicable Securitization Share of DSAB of each Host Customer Solar Asset (other than any Non-Advanced Solar Asset or Closing Date Delinquent Solar Assets) that became a Host Customer Purchased Solar Asset during the related Collection Period (such Securitization Share of DSAB measured immediately prior to the exercise of such purchase option) and 
 (e) any Payment Facilitation Amounts with respect to the related Collection Period 
 (ii) any Project Company Reduction Amount with respect to the related Collection Period 
 (iii) Liquidated Damages Amounts paid for any Solar Assets during the related Collection Period 
 A-46 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(iv) Repurchase Price amounts actually received during the related Collection Period 
 (v) all Substitution Shortfall Amounts actually received for any Solar Assets at least three (3) Business Days prior to the related Determination Date for the related Collection Period and 
 (vi) any unpaid portion of Unscheduled Note Principal Payments from prior Payment Dates. 
 Vice President means, with respect to Sunnova Energy, any vice president, whether or not designated by a number or a word or words added before or after the title vice president. 
 Voluntary Prepayment has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01(a) of the Indenture. 
 Voluntary Prepayment Date has the meaning set forth in Section 6.01(a) of the Indenture. 
 Voluntary Prepayment Transaction Manager Report has the meaning set forth in Section 4.4 of the Transaction Management Agreement. 
 Wilmington Trust means Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking association. 
 A-47 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule I Schedule of Solar Assets 
 see attached 

I-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule II Reserved 
 II-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule III Reserved 
 III-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule IV Initial Ownership Interest Percentages of the Notes 1 

1 
 III-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule V 
 
 Reserved 

V-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule VI Scheduled Outstanding Note Balance 
 Payment Date Class A Scheduled 
 Outstanding Note Balance ) 
 Class B Scheduled 
 Outstanding Note Balance ) 
 Closing Date 
 January 2025 
 April 2025 
 July 2025 
 October 2025 
 January 2026 
 April 2026 
 July 2026 
 October 2026 
 January 2027 
 April 2027 
 July 2027 
 October 2027 
 January 2028 
 April 2028 
 July 2028 
 October 2028 
 January 2029 
 April 2029 
 July 2029 
 October 2029 
 January 2030 
 April 2030 
 July 2030 
 October 2030 
 January 2031 
 April 2031 
 July 2031 
 October 2031 
 January 2032 
 April 2032 
 July 2032 
 October 2032 
 January 2033 
 April 2033 
 July 2033 
 October 2033 

VI-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule VII Reserved 

III-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule VIII 
 Cumulative Default Trigger Schedule 
 Payment Date Class B Notes October 2029 
 January 2030 
 April 2030 
 July 2030 
 October 2030 
 January 2031 
 April 2031 
 July 2031 
 October 2031 
 January 2032 
 April 2032 
 July 2032 
 October 2032 
 January 2033 
 April 2033 
 July 2033 
 October 2033 
 January 2034 
 April 2034 
 July 2034 
 October 2034 
 January 2035 
 April 2035 
 July 2035 
 October 2035 
 January 2036 
 April 2036 
 July 2036 
 October 2036 
 January 2037 
 April 2037 
 July 2037 
 October 2037 
 January 2038 
 April 2038 
 July 2038 
 October 2038 
 January 2039 
 April 2039 
 July 2039 
 October 2039 
 January 2040 
 April 2040 
 July 2040 
 October 2040 
 
 VIII-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

January 2041 
 April 2041 
 July 2041 
 October 2041 
 January 2042 
 April 2042 
 July 2042 
 October 2042 
 January 2043 
 April 2043 
 July 2043 
 October 2043 
 January 2044 
 April 2044 
 July 2044 
 October 2044 
 January 2045 
 April 2045 
 July 2045 
 October 2045 
 January 2046 
 April 2046 
 July 2046 
 October 2046 
 January 2047 
 April 2047 
 July 2047 
 October 2047 
 January 2048 
 April 2048 
 July 2048 
 October 2048 
 January 2049 
 April 2049 
 July 2049 
 October 2049 
 January 2050 or later 
 
 VIII-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule IX 
 Projected Managing Member Distributions Value 
 Year Scheduled Host Customer Payments ) Scheduled PBI Payments ) Projected TREC Payments ) Project Company Expenses ) Tax Equity Investor Distributions ) Managing Member Distributions ) 2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 2028 
 2029 
 2030 
 2031 
 2032 
 2033 
 2034 
 2035 
 2036 
 2037 
 2038 
 2039 
 2040 
 - 2041 
 - 2042 
 - 2043 
 - 2044 
 - - 2045 
 - - 2046 
 - - 2047 
 - - 2048 
 - - 2049 
 - - 2050 
 - - 2051 
 - - 2052 
 - - 2053 
 - - 2054 
 - - 2055 
 - - - - - - 
 VIII-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit A-1 Form of Class A Note 
 Note Number __ 
 NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN HAS BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS OF ANY STATE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM. EACH HOLDER AND TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A THEREUNDER AND BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF AN INTEREST HEREIN (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUIONAL BUYER, AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A, AND HAS ACQUIRED THIS NOTE, OR SUCH INTEREST HEREIN, IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION S AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE, OR SUCH INTEREST HEREIN, IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) OR (C) IT HAS ACQUIRED THIS NOTE, OR SUCH INTEREST HEREIN, PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144 OR PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH OF THE CASES (A) THROUGH (C) ABOVE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. 
 
 EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN WILL HAVE OR IS DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT IT IS ABLE TO SATISFY THE REPRESENTATIONS IN ARTICLE 4 OF THE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT AND SECTION 2.07 OF THE INDENTURE. 
 
 EACH HOLDER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF THE HOLDER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, ITS FIDUCIARY) BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN IS DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACQUIRING THE NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN FOR OR ON BEHALF OF OR WITH THE ASSETS OF, ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 
 A-1-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

3(3) OF THE EMPLOYMENT RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR ANY OTHER PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(E)(1) OF THE CODE THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS (WITHIN THE MEANING OF 29 CFR SECTION 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA) BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY (EACH A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR ), OR ANY PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY LAW SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE SIMILAR LAW ), OR (2) IF HOLDER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR A PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, THE PURCHASE, HOLDING OR DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN DOES NOT RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW AND NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE PURCHASERS, THE PLACEMENT AGENTS OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE PARTNERS, SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES OR AFFILIATES, THE ORIGINATOR, SUNNOVA MANAGEMENT, THE TRANSACTION MANAGER, THE TRANSACTION TRANSITION MANAGER OR THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE HAS PROVIDED OR WILL PROVIDE ANY INVESTMENT ADVICE ON WHICH THE HOLDER OR TRANSFEREE OR ANY FIDUCIARY OF SUCH HOLDER OR TRANSFEREE HAS RELIED AS A PRIMARY BASIS FOR THE DECISION TO INVEST IN THE NOTES, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN. 
 THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT (A) THIS NOTE AND ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN MINIMUM DENOMINATIONS OF 100,000 AND EACH IN INTEGRAL MULTIPLES OF 1,000 IN EXCESS THEREOF, AND ONLY (I) IN THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A (ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS, OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHER QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A), (II) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (III) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE AND EVIDENCED BY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER AND THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE), IN EACH OF CASES (I) THROUGH (III) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION, AND (B) THE PURCHASER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING RESTRICTION, ANY NOTE THAT HAS 
 A-1-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

ORIGINALLY BEEN PROPERLY ISSUED IN AN AMOUNT NO LESS THAN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, MAY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN A DENOMINATION LESS THAN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION IF SUCH LESSER DENOMINATION IS SOLELY A RESULT OF A REDUCTION OF PRINCIPAL DUE TO PAYMENTS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INDENTURE. 
 THE PURCHASER UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE NOTES FROM THE NOTE REGISTRAR. 
 Section 2.07 of the Indenture contains further restrictions on the transfer and resale of this Note (or any interest herein). Each Transferee of this Note, by acceptance hereof, is deemed to have accepted this Note subject to the foregoing restrictions on transferability. 
 Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of this Note (or any interest herein), covenants and agrees that such Noteholder shall not, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the termination of the Indenture, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Issuer to invoke the process of any court or governmental authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against the Issuer under any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, indenture trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer or any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Issuer. The principal of this Note is payable in installments as set forth herein. Accordingly, the outstanding principal amount of this Note at any time may be less than the amount shown on the face hereof. Any person acquiring this security may ascertain its current principal amount by inquiry of the Indenture Trustee. 
 This Note has been issued with Original Issue Discount OID for United States Federal Income Tax Purposes. The Issue Price, Amount of OID, Issue Date, Accrual Periods, Yield to Maturity, the Comparable Yield and Projected Payment Schedule of this Note for United States Federal Income Tax Purposes may be obtained by writing to the Issuer at Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC, 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540, Houston, Texas 77046, Attention Chief Financial Officer. 

A-1-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3 
 Class A Note 
 Original Issue date Rated Final Maturity Issue Price October 18, 2024 July 30, 2059 
 Registered Owner _ 
 Initial Principal Balance _ 
 This Certifies That Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (hereinafter called the Issuer ), which term includes any successor entity under the Indenture, dated as of October 18, 2024 (the Indenture ), between the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as indenture trustee (together with any successor thereto, hereinafter called the Indenture Trustee ), for value received, hereby promises to pay to the Registered Owner named above or registered assigns, subject to the provisions hereof and of the Indenture, (A) the interest based on the Interest Accrual Period at the applicable Note Rate defined in the Indenture, on each Payment Date beginning in January 2025 (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day), and (B) principal on each Payment Date in the manner and subject to the Priority of Payments as set forth in the Indenture provided, however, that the Notes are subject to prepayment as set forth in the Indenture. This note (this Class A Note is one of a duly authorized series of Class A Notes of the Issuer designated as its Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC, 6.45 Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3, Class A (the Class A Notes ). The Indenture authorizes the issuance of up to 295,200,000 in Outstanding Note Balance of Class A Notes and up to 12,900,000 in Outstanding Note Balance of Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC, 8.78 Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3, Class B (the Class B Notes and together with the Class A Notes, the Notes ). The Indenture provides that the Notes will be entitled to receive payments in reduction of the Outstanding Note Balance, in the amounts, from the sources, and at the times more specifically as set forth in the Indenture. The Notes are secured by the Trust Estate (as defined in the Indenture). 
 Reference is hereby made to the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto for a statement of the respective rights thereunder of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Holders of the Notes and the terms upon which the Notes are to be authenticated and delivered. All terms used in this Note which are not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 
 The Obligation of the Issuer to repay the Notes is a Limited, nonrecourse obligation secured only by the Trust Estate. All payments of principal of and interest on the Class A Notes shall be made only from the Trust Estate, and each Noteholder hereof, by its acceptance of this Class A Note, agrees that it shall be entitled to payments solely from such Trust Estate pursuant to the terms of the Indenture. The actual Outstanding Note Balance on this Class A Note may be 
 A-1-4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

less than the principal balance indicated on the face hereof. The actual Outstanding Note Balance on this Class A Note at any time may be obtained from the Indenture Trustee. 
 With respect to payment of principal of and interest on the Class A Notes, the Indenture provides the following 
 (a) Until fully paid, principal payments on the Class A Notes will be made on each Payment Date in an amount, at the time, and in the manner provided in the Indenture. The Outstanding Note Balance of each Class A Note shall be payable no later than the Rated Final Maturity thereof unless the Outstanding Note Balance of such Class A Note becomes due and payable at an earlier date pursuant to the Indenture, and in each case such payment shall be made in an amount and in the manner provided in the Indenture. 
 (c) The Class A Notes shall bear interest on the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class A Notes and accrued but unpaid interest thereon, at the applicable Note Rate. The Note Interest with respect to the Class A Notes shall be payable on each Payment Date to the extent that the Collection Account then contains sufficient amounts to pay such Note Interest pursuant to Section 5.06 of the Indenture. Note Interest will accrue on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. 
 All payments of interest and principal on the Class A Notes on the applicable Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Class A Note is registered at the close of business as of the Record Date for such Payment Date in the manner provided in the Indenture. All reductions in the Outstanding Note Balance of a Class A Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by full or partial payments of installments of principal shall be binding upon all past, then current, and future Holders of such Class A Note and of any Class A Note issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, whether or not such payment is noted on such Class A Note. 
 The Rated Final Maturity of the Notes is July 30, 2059 unless the Notes are earlier prepaid in whole or accelerated pursuant to the Indenture. The Indenture Trustee shall pay to each Class A Noteholder of record on the preceding Record Date either (i) by wire transfer, in immediately available funds to the account of such Class A Noteholder at a bank or other entity having appropriate facilities therefor, if such Class A Noteholder shall have provided to the Indenture Trustee appropriate written instructions at least five Business Days prior to the related Payment Date (which instructions may remain in effect for subsequent Payment Dates unless revoked by the Class A Noteholder), or (ii) if not, by check mailed to such Class A Noteholder at the address of such Class A Noteholder appearing in the Note Register, the amounts to be paid to such Class A Noteholder pursuant to such Class A Noteholder s Notes. 
 The Class A Notes shall be subject to voluntary prepayment at the option of the Issuer in the manner and subject to the provisions of the Indenture. Whenever by the terms of the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee is required to prepay the Class A Notes, and subject to and in accordance with the terms of Article VI of the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee shall give notice of the prepayment in the manner prescribed by the Indenture. 
 A-1-5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Subject to certain restrictions contained in the Indenture, (i) the Class A Notes are issuable in the minimum denomination of 100,000 and in integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof provided , that one Class A Note may be issued in an additional amount equal to the minimum denomination plus any remaining portion of the Initial Outstanding Note Balance) and (ii) the Class A Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal amount of Class A Notes of authorized denominations of the same maturity. 
 The final payment on any Note shall be made only upon presentation and surrender of the Note at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee. 
 The Class A Noteholders shall have no right to enforce the provisions of the Indenture or to institute action to enforce the covenants therein, or to take any action with respect to any Event of Default, or to institute, appear in or defend any Proceedings with respect thereto, except as provided in the Indenture. 
 The Class A Notes may be exchanged, and their transfer may be registered, by the Noteholders in person or by their attorneys duly authorized in writing at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee only in the manner, subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, and upon surrender and cancellation of the Class A Notes. Upon exchange or registration of such transfer, a new registered Class A Note or Notes evidencing the same outstanding principal amount will be executed in exchange therefor. 
 All amounts collected as payments on the Trust Estate or otherwise shall be applied in the order of priority specified in the Indenture. 
 Each Person who has or who acquires any Ownership Interest in a Class A Note shall be deemed by the acceptance or acquisition of such Ownership Interest to have agreed to be bound by the provisions of the Indenture. A Noteholder may not sell, offer for sale, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise transfer or encumber all or any part of its interest in the Class A Notes except pursuant to an effective registration statement covering such transaction under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and effective qualification or registration under all applicable State securities laws and regulations or under an exemption from registration under said Securities Act and said State securities laws and regulations. 
 Prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all amounts payable with respect to the Class A Notes, each Person who has or acquires an Ownership Interest in a Class A Note agrees that such Person will not institute against the Issuer, or join any other Person in instituting against the Issuer, any Insolvency Proceeding or other Proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State. This covenant shall survive the termination of the Indenture. 
 Before the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Class A Note, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may treat the person in whose name this Class A Note is registered (i) on any Record Date for purposes of making payments, and (ii) on any other date for any other purpose, as the owner hereof, whether or not 
 A-1-6 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

this Class A Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 
 The Indenture permits the amendment thereof for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, the Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee (and, in some cases, only with the consent of the Noteholder affected thereby) and compliance with certain other conditions. Any such consent by the Holder, at the time of the giving thereof, of this Class A Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Class A Note and of any Class A Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Class A Note. 
 The Class A Notes and all obligations with respect thereto, including obligations under the Indenture, will be limited recourse obligations of the Issuer payable solely from the Trust Estate. Neither the Issuer, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, the Performance Guarantor, the Depositor, the Transaction Manager, the Transaction Transition Manager, the Custodian, the Note Registrar, the Indenture Trustee in its individual capacity or in its capacity as Indenture Trustee, nor any of their respective Affiliates, agents, partners, beneficiaries, officers, directors, stockholders, stockholders of partners, employees or successors or assigns, shall be personally liable for any amounts payable, or performance due, under the Notes or the Indenture. Without limiting the foregoing, each Noteholder of any Class A Note by its acceptance thereof, and the Indenture Trustee, shall be deemed to have agreed (i) that it shall look only to the Trust Estate to satisfy the Issuer s obligations under or with respect to a Class A Note or the Indenture, including but not limited to liabilities under Article V of the Indenture and liabilities arising (whether at common law or equity) from breaches by the Issuer of any obligations, covenants and agreements herein or, to the extent enforceable, for any violation by the Issuer of applicable State or federal law or regulation, provided that, the Issuer shall not be relieved of liability hereunder with respect to any misrepresentation in the Indenture or any Transaction Document, or fraud, of the Issuer, and (ii) to waive any rights it may have to obtain a deficiency or other monetary judgment against either the Issuer or any of its principals, directors, officers, beneficial owners, employees or agents (whether disclosed or undisclosed) or their respective assets (other than the Trust Estate). The foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not (i) prevent recourse to the Trust Estate or any Person (other than the Issuer) for the sums due or to become due under any security, instrument or agreement which is part of the Trust Estate, (ii) constitute a waiver, release or discharge of any indebtedness or obligation evidenced by the Class A Notes or secured by the Indenture, but the same shall continue until paid or discharged, or (iii) prevent the Indenture Trustee from exercising its rights with respect to the Grant, pursuant to the Indenture, of the Issuer s rights under the Transaction Documents. It is further understood that the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not limit the right of any Person to name the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as Indenture Trustee under the Indenture or the Issuer as a party defendant in any action or suit or in the exercise of any remedy under the Notes or the Indenture, so long as no judgment in the nature of a deficiency judgment or seeking personal liability shall be asked for or (if obtained) enforced. It is expressly understood that all such liability is hereby 
 A-1-7 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

expressly waived and released to the extent provided herein as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of the Indenture and the issuance of the Notes. 
 The remedies of the Holder of this Class A Note as provided herein, in the Indenture or in the other Transaction Documents, shall be cumulative and concurrent and may be pursued solely against the assets of the Trust Estate. No failure on the part of the Noteholder in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver or release thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy preclude any other further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy hereunder. 
 The Class A Notes are issuable only in definitive form in denominations as provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth. At the option of the Class A Noteholder, Class A Notes may be exchanged for Class A Notes of like terms, in any authorized denominations and of like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee, subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture. 
 Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, a copy of which is on file with the Indenture Trustee, for the provisions, among others, with respect to (i) the nature and extent of the rights, duties and obligations of the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer and the Class A Noteholders (ii) the terms upon which the Class A Notes are executed and delivered (iii) the collection and disposition of payments or proceeds in respect of the Conveyed Property (iv) a description of the Trust Estate (v) the modification or amendment of the Indenture (vi) other matters and (vii) the definition of capitalized terms used in this Class A Note that are not defined herein to all of which the Class A Noteholders assent by the acceptance of the Class A Notes. 
 This Class A Note is issued pursuant to the Indenture and it and the Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws (including, without limitation, 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, but otherwise without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws). 
 Reference is hereby made to the provisions of the Indenture and such provisions are hereby incorporated by reference as if fully set forth herein. 
 Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee by manual signature, this Class A Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

A-1-8 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

In Witness Whereof, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be duly executed as of the date set forth below. 
 Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC, as Issuer 
 By 

Name 
 
 Title 

A-1-9 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Indenture Trustee s Certificate Of Authentication 
 This is one of the Class A Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 
 Dated 
 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Indenture Trustee 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 A-1-10 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Form of Assignment 
 For Value Received, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 
 (Please insert Social Security or Taxpayer Identification Number of Assignee) 
 _______________________________ 
 _______________________________ 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ (Please Print or Typewrite Name and Address of Assignee) 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ the within Note, and all rights thereunder, and hereby does irrevocably constitute and appoint 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ Attorney to transfer the within Note on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises. 
 Date ___________________ 
 
 Notice The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as it appears upon the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 
 A-1-11 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit A-2 Form of Class B Note 
 Note Number __ 
 NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN HAS BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS OF ANY STATE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM. EACH HOLDER AND TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A THEREUNDER AND BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF AN INTEREST HEREIN (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUIONAL BUYER, AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A, AND HAS ACQUIRED THIS NOTE, OR SUCH INTEREST HEREIN, IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION S AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE, OR SUCH INTEREST HEREIN, IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) OR (C) IT HAS ACQUIRED THIS NOTE, OR SUCH INTEREST HEREIN, PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144 OR PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH OF THE CASES (A) THROUGH (C) ABOVE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. 
 
 EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN WILL HAVE OR IS DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT IT IS ABLE TO SATISFY THE REPRESENTATIONS IN ARTICLE 4 OF THE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT AND SECTION 2.07 OF THE INDENTURE. 
 
 EACH HOLDER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF THE HOLDER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, ITS FIDUCIARY) BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN IS DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACQUIRING THE NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN FOR OR ON BEHALF OF OR WITH THE ASSETS OF, ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYMENT RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR ANY OTHER 
 A-2-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(E)(1) OF THE CODE THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS (WITHIN THE MEANING OF 29 CFR SECTION 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA) BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY (EACH A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR ), OR ANY PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY LAW SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE SIMILAR LAW ), OR (2) IF HOLDER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR A PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, THE PURCHASE, HOLDING OR DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN DOES NOT RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW AND NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE PURCHASERS, THE PLACEMENT AGENTS OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE PARTNERS, SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES OR AFFILIATES, THE ORIGINATOR, SUNNOVA MANAGEMENT, THE TRANSACTION MANAGER, THE TRANSACTION TRANSITION MANAGER OR THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE HAS PROVIDED OR WILL PROVIDE ANY INVESTMENT ADVICE ON WHICH THE HOLDER OR TRANSFEREE OR ANY FIDUCIARY OF SUCH HOLDER OR TRANSFEREE HAS RELIED AS A PRIMARY BASIS FOR THE DECISION TO INVEST IN THE NOTES, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN. 
 THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT (A) THIS NOTE AND ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN MINIMUM DENOMINATIONS OF 100,000 AND EACH IN INTEGRAL MULTIPLES OF 1,000 IN EXCESS THEREOF, AND ONLY (I) IN THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A (ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS, OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHER QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A), (II) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (III) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE AND EVIDENCED BY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER AND THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE), IN EACH OF CASES (I) THROUGH (III) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION, AND (B) THE PURCHASER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING RESTRICTION, ANY NOTE THAT HAS ORIGINALLY BEEN PROPERLY ISSUED IN AN AMOUNT NO LESS THAN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, MAY BE OFFERED, 
 A-2-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN A DENOMINATION LESS THAN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION IF SUCH LESSER DENOMINATION IS SOLELY A RESULT OF A REDUCTION OF PRINCIPAL DUE TO PAYMENTS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INDENTURE. 
 THE PURCHASER UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE NOTES FROM THE NOTE REGISTRAR. 
 Section 2.07 of the Indenture contains further restrictions on the transfer and resale of this Note (or any interest herein). Each Transferee of this Note, by acceptance hereof, is deemed to have accepted this Note subject to the foregoing restrictions on transferability. 
 Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of this Note (or any interest herein), covenants and agrees that such Noteholder shall not, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the termination of the Indenture, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Issuer to invoke the process of any court or governmental authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against the Issuer under any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, indenture trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer or any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Issuer. The principal of this Note is payable in installments as set forth herein. Accordingly, the outstanding principal amount of this Note at any time may be less than the amount shown on the face hereof. Any person acquiring this security may ascertain its current principal amount by inquiry of the Indenture Trustee. 
 This Note has been issued with Original Issue Discount OID for United States Federal Income Tax Purposes. The Issue Price, Amount of OID, Issue Date, Accrual Periods, Yield to Maturity, the Comparable Yield and Projected Payment Schedule of this Note for United States Federal Income Tax Purposes may be obtained by writing to the Issuer at Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC, 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540, Houston, Texas 77046, Attention Chief Financial Officer. 

A-2-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3 
 Class B Note 
 Original Issue date Rated Final Maturity Issue Price October 18, 2024 July 30, 2059 
 Registered Owner _ 
 Initial Principal Balance _ 
 This Certifies That Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (hereinafter called the Issuer ), which term includes any successor entity under the Indenture, dated as of October 18, 2024 (the Indenture ), between the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as indenture trustee (together with any successor thereto, hereinafter called the Indenture Trustee ), for value received, hereby promises to pay to the Registered Owner named above or registered assigns, subject to the provisions hereof and of the Indenture, (A) the interest based on the Interest Accrual Period at the applicable Note Rate defined in the Indenture, on each Payment Date beginning in January 2025 (or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day), and (B) principal on each Payment Date in the manner and subject to the Priority of Payments as set forth in the Indenture provided, however, that the Notes are subject to prepayment as set forth in the Indenture. This note (this Class B Note is one of a duly authorized series of Class B Notes of the Issuer designated as its Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC, 8.78 Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3, Class B (the Class B Notes ). The Indenture authorizes the issuance of up to 12,900,000 in Outstanding Note Balance of Class B Notes and up to 295,200,000 in Outstanding Note Balance of Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC, 6.45 Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3, Class A (the Class A Notes and together with the Class B Notes, the Notes ). The Indenture provides that the Notes will be entitled to receive payments in reduction of the Outstanding Note Balance, in the amounts, from the sources, and at the times more specifically as set forth in the Indenture. The Notes are secured by the Trust Estate (as defined in the Indenture). 
 Reference is hereby made to the Indenture and all indentures supplemental thereto for a statement of the respective rights thereunder of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Holders of the Notes and the terms upon which the Notes are to be authenticated and delivered. All terms used in this Note which are not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Indenture. 
 The Obligation of the Issuer to repay the Notes is a Limited, nonrecourse obligation secured only by the Trust Estate. All payments of principal of and interest on the Class B Notes shall be made only from the Trust Estate, and each Noteholder hereof, by its acceptance of this 
 A-2-4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Class B Note, agrees that it shall be entitled to payments solely from such Trust Estate pursuant to the terms of the Indenture. The actual Outstanding Note Balance on this Class B Note may be less than the principal balance indicated on the face hereof. The actual Outstanding Note Balance on this Class B Note at any time may be obtained from the Indenture Trustee. 
 With respect to payment of principal of and interest on the Class B Notes, the Indenture provides the following 
 (a) Until fully paid, principal payments on the Class B Notes will be made on each Payment Date in an amount, at the time, and in the manner provided in the Indenture. The Outstanding Note Balance of each Class B Note shall be payable no later than the Rated Final Maturity thereof unless the Outstanding Note Balance of such Class B Note becomes due and payable at an earlier date pursuant to the Indenture, and in each case such payment shall be made in an amount and in the manner provided in the Indenture. 
 (d) The Class B Notes shall bear interest on the Outstanding Note Balance of the Class B Notes and accrued but unpaid interest thereon, at the applicable Note Rate. The Note Interest with respect to the Class B Notes shall be payable on each Payment Date to the extent that the Collection Account then contains sufficient amounts to pay such Note Interest pursuant to Section 5.06 of the Indenture. Note Interest will accrue on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. 
 All payments of interest and principal on the Class B Notes on the applicable Payment Date shall be paid to the Person in whose name such Class B Note is registered at the close of business as of the Record Date for such Payment Date in the manner provided in the Indenture. All reductions in the Outstanding Note Balance of a Class B Note (or one or more Predecessor Notes) effected by full or partial payments of installments of principal shall be binding upon all past, then current, and future Holders of such Class B Note and of any Class B Note issued upon the registration of transfer thereof or in exchange therefor or in lieu thereof, whether or not such payment is noted on such Class B Note. 
 The Rated Final Maturity of the Notes is July 30, 2059 unless the Notes are earlier prepaid in whole or accelerated pursuant to the Indenture. The Indenture Trustee shall pay to each Class B Noteholder of record on the preceding Record Date either (i) by wire transfer, in immediately available funds to the account of such Class B Noteholder at a bank or other entity having appropriate facilities therefor, if such Class B Noteholder shall have provided to the Indenture Trustee appropriate written instructions at least five Business Days prior to the related Payment Date (which instructions may remain in effect for subsequent Payment Dates unless revoked by the Class B Noteholder), or (ii) if not, by check mailed to such Class B Noteholder at the address of such Class B Noteholder appearing in the Note Register, the amounts to be paid to such Class B Noteholder pursuant to such Class B Noteholder s Notes. 
 The Class B Notes shall be subject to voluntary prepayment at the option of the Issuer in the manner and subject to the provisions of the Indenture. Whenever by the terms of the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee is required to prepay the Class B Notes, and subject to and in 
 A-2-5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

accordance with the terms of Article VI of the Indenture, the Indenture Trustee shall give notice of the prepayment in the manner prescribed by the Indenture. 
 Subject to certain restrictions contained in the Indenture, (i) the Class B Notes are issuable in the minimum denomination of 100,000 and in integral multiples of 1,000 in excess thereof provided , that one Class B Note may be issued in an additional amount equal to the minimum denomination plus any remaining portion of the Initial Outstanding Note Balance) and (ii) the Class B Notes may be exchanged for a like aggregate principal amount of Class B Notes of authorized denominations of the same maturity. 
 The final payment on any Note shall be made only upon presentation and surrender of the Note at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee. 
 The Class B Noteholders shall have no right to enforce the provisions of the Indenture or to institute action to enforce the covenants therein, or to take any action with respect to any Event of Default, or to institute, appear in or defend any Proceedings with respect thereto, except as provided in the Indenture. 
 The Class B Notes may be exchanged, and their transfer may be registered, by the Noteholders in person or by their attorneys duly authorized in writing at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee only in the manner, subject to the limitations provided in the Indenture, and upon surrender and cancellation of the Class B Notes. Upon exchange or registration of such transfer, a new registered Class B Note or Notes evidencing the same outstanding principal amount will be executed in exchange therefor. 
 All amounts collected as payments on the Trust Estate or otherwise shall be applied in the order of priority specified in the Indenture. 
 Each Person who has or who acquires any Ownership Interest in a Class B Note shall be deemed by the acceptance or acquisition of such Ownership Interest to have agreed to be bound by the provisions of the Indenture. A Noteholder may not sell, offer for sale, assign, pledge, hypothecate or otherwise transfer or encumber all or any part of its interest in the Class B Notes except pursuant to an effective registration statement covering such transaction under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and effective qualification or registration under all applicable State securities laws and regulations or under an exemption from registration under said Securities Act and said State securities laws and regulations. 
 Prior to the date that is one year and one day after the payment in full of all amounts payable with respect to the Class B Notes, each Person who has or acquires an Ownership Interest in a Class B Note agrees that such Person will not institute against the Issuer, or join any other Person in instituting against the Issuer, any Insolvency Proceeding or other Proceedings under the laws of the United States or any State. This covenant shall survive the termination of the Indenture. 
 Before the due presentment for registration of transfer of this Class B Note, the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and any agent of the Issuer or the Indenture Trustee may treat the person in whose name this Class B Note is registered (i) on any Record Date for purposes of making 
 A-2-6 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

payments, and (ii) on any other date for any other purpose, as the owner hereof, whether or not this Class B Note be overdue, and neither the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee nor any such agent shall be affected by notice to the contrary. 
 The Indenture permits the amendment thereof for the purpose of adding any provisions to, or changing in any manner or eliminating any of the provisions of, the Indenture or of modifying in any manner the rights of the Noteholders under the Indenture at any time by the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee (and, in some cases, only with the consent of the Noteholder affected thereby) and compliance with certain other conditions. Any such consent by the Holder, at the time of the giving thereof, of this Class B Note (or any one or more Predecessor Notes) shall be conclusive and binding upon such Holder and upon all future Holders of this Class B Note and of any Class B Note issued upon the registration of transfer hereof or in exchange hereof or in lieu hereof whether or not notation of such consent or waiver is made upon this Class B Note. 
 The Class B Notes and all obligations with respect thereto, including obligations under the Indenture, will be limited recourse obligations of the Issuer payable solely from the Trust Estate. Neither the Issuer, Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, Sunnova SOL VIII Holdings, the Performance Guarantor, the Depositor, the Transaction Manager, the Transaction Transition Manager, the Custodian, the Note Registrar, the Indenture Trustee in its individual capacity or in its capacity as Indenture Trustee, nor any of their respective Affiliates, agents, partners, beneficiaries, officers, directors, stockholders, stockholders of partners, employees or successors or assigns, shall be personally liable for any amounts payable, or performance due, under the Notes or the Indenture. Without limiting the foregoing, each Noteholder of any Class B Note by its acceptance thereof, and the Indenture Trustee, shall be deemed to have agreed (i) that it shall look only to the Trust Estate to satisfy the Issuer s obligations under or with respect to a Class B Note or the Indenture, including but not limited to liabilities under Article V of the Indenture and liabilities arising (whether at common law or equity) from breaches by the Issuer of any obligations, covenants and agreements herein or, to the extent enforceable, for any violation by the Issuer of applicable State or federal law or regulation, provided that, the Issuer shall not be relieved of liability hereunder with respect to any misrepresentation in the Indenture or any Transaction Document, or fraud, of the Issuer, and (ii) to waive any rights it may have to obtain a deficiency or other monetary judgment against either the Issuer or any of its principals, directors, officers, beneficial owners, employees or agents (whether disclosed or undisclosed) or their respective assets (other than the Trust Estate). The foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not (i) prevent recourse to the Trust Estate or any Person (other than the Issuer) for the sums due or to become due under any security, instrument or agreement which is part of the Trust Estate, (ii) constitute a waiver, release or discharge of any indebtedness or obligation evidenced by the Class B Notes or secured by the Indenture, but the same shall continue until paid or discharged, or (iii) prevent the Indenture Trustee from exercising its rights with respect to the Grant, pursuant to the Indenture, of the Issuer s rights under the Transaction Documents. It is further understood that the foregoing provisions of this paragraph shall not limit the right of any Person to name the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as Indenture Trustee under the Indenture or the Issuer as a party defendant in any action or suit or in the exercise of any remedy under the Notes or the Indenture, so long as no judgment in the nature of a deficiency judgment or seeking personal liability shall 
 A-2-7 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

be asked for or (if obtained) enforced. It is expressly understood that all such liability is hereby expressly waived and released to the extent provided herein as a condition of, and as a consideration for, the execution of the Indenture and the issuance of the Notes. 
 The remedies of the Holder of this Class B Note as provided herein, in the Indenture or in the other Transaction Documents, shall be cumulative and concurrent and may be pursued solely against the assets of the Trust Estate. No failure on the part of the Noteholder in exercising any right or remedy hereunder shall operate as a waiver or release thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or remedy preclude any other further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or remedy hereunder. 
 The Class B Notes are issuable only in definitive form in denominations as provided in the Indenture and subject to certain limitations therein set forth. At the option of the Class B Noteholder, Class B Notes may be exchanged for Class B Notes of like terms, in any authorized denominations and of like aggregate principal amount, upon surrender of the Notes to be exchanged at the Corporate Trust Office of the Indenture Trustee, subject to the terms and conditions of the Indenture. 
 Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, a copy of which is on file with the Indenture Trustee, for the provisions, among others, with respect to (i) the nature and extent of the rights, duties and obligations of the Indenture Trustee, the Issuer and the Class B Noteholders (ii) the terms upon which the Class B Notes are executed and delivered (iii) the collection and disposition of payments or proceeds in respect of the Conveyed Property (iv) a description of the Trust Estate (v) the modification or amendment of the Indenture (vi) other matters and (vii) the definition of capitalized terms used in this Class B Note that are not defined herein to all of which the Class B Noteholders assent by the acceptance of the Class B Notes. 
 This Class B Note is issued pursuant to the Indenture and it and the Indenture shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of New York and the obligations, rights and remedies of the parties hereunder shall be determined in accordance with such laws (including, without limitation, 5-1401 and 5-1402 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, but otherwise without giving effect to principles of conflicts of laws). 
 Reference is hereby made to the provisions of the Indenture and such provisions are hereby incorporated by reference as if fully set forth herein. 
 Unless the certificate of authentication hereon has been executed by the Indenture Trustee by manual signature, this Class B Note shall not be entitled to any benefit under the Indenture or be valid or obligatory for any purpose. 

A-2-8 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

In Witness Whereof, the Issuer has caused this instrument to be duly executed as of the date set forth below. 
 Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC, as Issuer 
 By 

Name 
 
 Title 

A-2-9 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Indenture Trustee s Certificate Of Authentication 
 This is one of the Class B Notes referred to in the within-mentioned Indenture. 
 Dated 
 Wilmington Trust, National Association, as Indenture Trustee 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 A-2-10 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Form of Assignment 
 For Value Received, the undersigned hereby sells, assigns and transfers unto 
 (Please insert Social Security or Taxpayer Identification Number of Assignee) 
 _______________________________ 
 _______________________________ 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ (Please Print or Typewrite Name and Address of Assignee) 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ the within Note, and all rights thereunder, and hereby does irrevocably constitute and appoint 
 ______________________________________________________________________________ Attorney to transfer the within Note on the books kept for registration thereof, with full power of substitution in the premises. 
 Date ___________________ 
 
 Notice The signature to this assignment must correspond with the name as it appears upon the face of the within Note in every particular, without alteration or enlargement or any change whatever. 

A-2-11 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit B-1 Form of Transferor Certificate 
 
 DATE 
 Wilmington Trust, National Association 
 Rodney Square North 
 1100 North Market Street 
 Wilmington, Delaware 19890 
 Attn Corporate Trust Administration 
 
 Re Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of October 18, 2024 (the Indenture ), by and among Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC (the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as indenture trustee (in such capacity, the Indenture Trustee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture. 
 This letter is delivered to you in connection with the transfer by ___________ (the Transferor to ___________ (the Transferee of Notes having an initial Outstanding Note Balance as of ___________,____ (the Transfer Date of __________ (the Transferred Notes ). The Notes, including the Transferred Notes, were issued pursuant to the Indenture. The Transferor has requested a transfer of such Transferred Notes to the Transferee. 
 The Transferor hereby certifies, represents and warrants to and agrees with you, and for the benefit of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Transaction Manager, that 
 (i) Such Notes are being transferred in accordance with (i) the transfer restrictions set forth in the Indenture, and (ii) (A) Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a transferee that the Transferor reasonably believes is purchasing the Notes for its own account with respect to which the transferee exercises sole investment discretion and the transferee and any such account is a QIB QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A, in each case in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State or any other applicable jurisdiction, (B) pursuant to and in accordance with Rules 903 and 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act or (C) pursuant to another applicable exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act provided that an Opinion of Counsel confirming the applicability of the exemption claimed shall have been delivered to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee in a form reasonably acceptable to them. 
 B-1-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(ii) The Transferor is the lawful owner of the Transferred Notes with the full right to transfer such Notes free from any and all claims and encumbrances whatsoever. 
 (iii) Neither the Transferor nor anyone acting on its behalf has (a) offered, transferred, pledged, sold or otherwise disposed of any Transferred Note, any interest in a Transferred Note or any other similar security to any person in any manner, (b) solicited any offer to buy or accept a transfer, pledge or other disposition of any Transferred Note, any interest in a Transferred Note or any other similar security from any person in any manner, (c) otherwise approached or negotiated with respect to any Transferred Note, any interest in a Transferred Note or any other similar security with any person in any manner, (d) made any general solicitation with respect to any Transferred Note, any interest in a Transferred Note or any other similar security by means of general advertising or in any other manner, or (e) taken any other action with respect to any Transferred Note, any interest in a Transferred Note or any other similar security, which (in the case of any of the acts described in clauses (a) through (e) hereof) would constitute a payment of the Transferred Notes under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), or would render the disposition of the Transferred Notes a violation of Section 5 of the Securities Act or any state securities laws, or would require registration or qualification of the Transferred Notes pursuant to the Securities Act or any state securities laws. 
 (iv) The Transferee is able to satisfy the representations in Article 4 of the Note Purchase Agreement and Section 2.07 of the Indenture. 
 (v) The Transferor or a person acting on its behalf has furnished, or caused to be furnished, to the Transferee all information regarding (a) the Transferred Notes and payments thereon, (b) the nature, performance and servicing of the Trust Estate, (c) the Indenture, and (d) all related matters, in each case that the Transferee has requested. 
 If transfer is pursuant to Regulation S, add the following 
 The Transferor hereby certifies that 
 (1) the offer of the Notes was not made to a person in the United States, 
 (2) at the time the buy order was originated, the transferee was outside the United States or the Transferor and any person acting on its behalf reasonably believed that the transferee was outside the United States the transaction was executed in, on or through the facilities of a designated offshore securities market and neither the transferor nor any person acting on its behalf knows that the transaction was pre-arranged with a buyer in the United States 2 , 
 
 2 Insert one of these two provisions, which come from the definition of offshore transaction in Regulation S. 
 B-1-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(3) the transferee is not a U.S. Person within the meaning of Rule 902(k) of Regulation S nor a Person acting for the account or benefit of a U.S. Person, 
 (4) no directed selling efforts have been made in contravention of the requirements of Rule 903 or Rule 904 of Regulation S, as applicable, and 
 (5) the transaction is not part of a plan or scheme to evade the registration requirements of the Securities Act. 

Insert Name of Transferor By ______________________ Name Title Dated 

B-1-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit B-2 
 
 Form Of Transferee Certificate 
 
 DATE 
 Wilmington Trust, National Association 
 Rodney Square North 
 1100 North Market Street 
 Wilmington, Delaware 19890 
 Attn Corporate Trust Administration 
 
 Re Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is hereby made to the Indenture, dated as of October 18, 2024 (the Indenture ), by and among Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC (the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as indenture trustee (in such capacity, the Indenture Trustee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Indenture. 
 This letter is delivered to you in connection with the transfer by ___________ (the Transferor to ___________ (the Transferee of Notes having an initial Outstanding Note Balance as of ___________,____ (the Transfer Date of __________ (the Transferred Notes ). The Notes, including the Transferred Notes, were issued pursuant to the Indenture. The Transferor has requested a transfer of such Transferred Notes to the Transferee. 
 The Transferee hereby certifies, represents and warrants to and agrees with you, and for the benefit of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee and the Transaction Manager that 
 The Transferee is QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A. 
 The Transferee understands that (A) the Transferred Notes have not been and will not be registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or registered or qualified under any applicable state securities laws, (B) none of the Issuer, the Indenture Trustee or the Note Registrar is obligated to register or qualify, as applicable, the Transferred Notes under the Securities Act or any applicable securities laws and (C) any interest in the Transferred Notes may be reoffered, resold, pledged or otherwise transferred only in accordance with (i) the transfer restrictions set forth in the Indenture, and (ii) (a) Rule 144A under the Securities Act to a transferee that the Transferor reasonably believes is purchasing the Notes for its own account with respect to which the transferee exercises sole investment discretion and the transferee and any such account is a QIB QIB within the meaning of Rule 144A, in each case in a transaction meeting the requirements of Rule 144A and in accordance with any applicable securities laws of any State or any other applicable jurisdiction, (b) pursuant to and in accordance with Rules 903 and 904 of Regulation S under the Securities Act or (c) pursuant to another 
 B-2-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

applicable exemption from the registration requirements under the Securities Act provided that an Opinion of Counsel confirming the applicability of the exemption claimed shall have been delivered to the Issuer and the Indenture Trustee in a form reasonably acceptable to them 
 The Transferee is able to satisfy the representations in Article 4 of the Note Purchase Agreement and Section 2.07 of the Indenture. 
 The Transferee understands that the Transferred Notes will bear a legend to the following effect, unless the Issuer determines otherwise in accordance with the Indenture and in compliance with applicable law 
 NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN HAS BEEN AND WILL NOT BE REGISTERED OR QUALIFIED UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT OF 1933, AS AMENDED (THE SECURITIES ACT ), OR UNDER THE SECURITIES OR BLUE SKY LAWS OF ANY STATE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY FOREIGN SECURITIES LAWS. ACCORDINGLY, NEITHER THIS NOTE NOR ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE OFFERED, SOLD OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN THE ABSENCE OF SUCH REGISTRATION OR AN APPLICABLE EXEMPTION THEREFROM. EACH HOLDER AND TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN IS HEREBY NOTIFIED THAT THE SELLER OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN MAY BE RELYING ON THE EXEMPTION FROM THE PROVISIONS OF SECTION 5 OF THE SECURITIES ACT PROVIDED BY RULE 144A THEREUNDER AND BY ITS ACQUISITION HEREOF OR OF AN INTEREST HEREIN (1) REPRESENTS THAT (A) IT IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUIONAL BUYER, AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A, AND HAS ACQUIRED THIS NOTE, OR SUCH INTEREST HEREIN, IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A, (B) IT IS NOT A U.S. PERSON, AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (REGULATION S AND IS ACQUIRING THIS NOTE, OR SUCH INTEREST HEREIN, IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION (AS DEFINED IN REGULATION S) OR (C) IT HAS ACQUIRED THIS NOTE, OR SUCH INTEREST HEREIN, PURSUANT TO THE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION PROVIDED BY RULE 144 UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (RULE 144 OR PURSUANT TO ANOTHER AVAILABLE EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT AND, IN EACH OF THE CASES (A) THROUGH (C) ABOVE, IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE IN THE UNITED STATES OR ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION. 
 
 EACH PURCHASER AND TRANSFEREE BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN WILL HAVE OR IS DEEMED TO HAVE REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT IT IS ABLE TO SATISFY THE REPRESENTATIONS IN ARTICLE 4 OF THE NOTE PURCHASE AGREEMENT AND SECTION 2.07 OF THE INDENTURE. 
 
 EACH HOLDER AND TRANSFEREE (AND IF THE HOLDER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR PLAN SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, ITS FIDUCIARY) BY ITS PURCHASE OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN IS DEEMED TO HAVE 
 B-2-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

REPRESENTED AND WARRANTED THAT EITHER (1) IT IS NOT, AND IS NOT ACQUIRING THE NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN FOR OR ON BEHALF OF OR WITH THE ASSETS OF, ANY EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 3(3) OF THE EMPLOYMENT RETIREMENT INCOME SECURITY ACT OF 1974, AS AMENDED ERISA THAT IS SUBJECT TO TITLE I OF ERISA OR ANY OTHER PLAN AS DEFINED IN SECTION 4975(E)(1) OF THE CODE THAT IS SUBJECT TO SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR ANY ENTITY WHOSE UNDERLYING ASSETS INCLUDE PLAN ASSETS (WITHIN THE MEANING OF 29 CFR SECTION 2510.3-101, AS MODIFIED BY SECTION 3(42) OF ERISA) BY REASON OF AN EMPLOYEE BENEFIT PLAN'S OR PLAN'S INVESTMENT IN SUCH ENTITY (EACH A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR ), OR ANY PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO ANY LAW SUBSTANTIALLY SIMILAR TO ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE SIMILAR LAW ), OR (2) IF HOLDER OR TRANSFEREE IS A BENEFIT PLAN INVESTOR OR A PLAN THAT IS SUBJECT TO SIMILAR LAW, THE PURCHASE, HOLDING OR DISPOSITION OF THIS NOTE OR INTEREST HEREIN DOES NOT RESULT IN A NON-EXEMPT PROHIBITED TRANSACTION UNDER ERISA OR SECTION 4975 OF THE CODE OR NON-EXEMPT VIOLATION OF SIMILAR LAW AND NONE OF THE ISSUER, THE PURCHASERS, THE PLACEMENT AGENTS OR ANY OF THEIR RESPECTIVE PARTNERS, SHAREHOLDERS, DIRECTORS, OFFICERS, EMPLOYEES, REPRESENTATIVES OR AFFILIATES, THE ORIGINATOR, SUNNOVA MANAGEMENT, THE TRANSACTION MANAGER, THE TRANSACTION TRANSITION MANAGER OR THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE HAS PROVIDED OR WILL PROVIDE ANY INVESTMENT ADVICE ON WHICH THE HOLDER OR TRANSFEREE OR ANY FIDUCIARY OF SUCH HOLDER OR TRANSFEREE HAS RELIED AS A PRIMARY BASIS FOR THE DECISION TO INVEST IN THE NOTES, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN. 
 THE HOLDER OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN AGREES FOR THE BENEFIT OF THE ISSUER THAT (A) THIS NOTE AND ANY INTEREST HEREIN MAY ONLY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN MINIMUM DENOMINATIONS OF 100,000 AND EACH IN INTEGRAL MULTIPLES OF 1,000 IN EXCESS THEREOF, AND ONLY (I) IN THE UNITED STATES TO A PERSON WHOM THE SELLER REASONABLY BELIEVES IS A QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYER (AS DEFINED IN RULE 144A UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT) IN A TRANSACTION MEETING THE REQUIREMENTS OF RULE 144A (ACTING FOR ITS OWN ACCOUNT AND NOT FOR THE ACCOUNT OF OTHERS, OR AS A FIDUCIARY OR AGENT FOR OTHER QUALIFIED INSTITUTIONAL BUYERS TO WHOM NOTICE IS GIVEN THAT THE SALE, PLEDGE OR TRANSFER IS BEING MADE IN RELIANCE ON RULE 144A), (II) OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES IN AN OFFSHORE TRANSACTION IN ACCORDANCE WITH REGULATION S UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT, OR (III) PURSUANT TO ANOTHER EXEMPTION FROM REGISTRATION UNDER THE SECURITIES ACT (IF AVAILABLE AND EVIDENCED BY AN OPINION OF COUNSEL ACCEPTABLE TO THE ISSUER AND THE INDENTURE TRUSTEE), IN EACH OF CASES (I) THROUGH (III) IN ACCORDANCE WITH ANY APPLICABLE SECURITIES LAWS OF ANY STATE OF THE UNITED STATES AND ANY OTHER APPLICABLE JURISDICTION, AND (B) THE PURCHASER WILL, AND EACH SUBSEQUENT HOLDER 
 B-2-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

IS REQUIRED TO, NOTIFY ANY TRANSFEREE OF THIS NOTE OR ANY INTEREST HEREIN OF THE RESALE RESTRICTIONS REFERRED TO ABOVE. NOTWITHSTANDING THE FOREGOING RESTRICTION, ANY NOTE THAT HAS ORIGINALLY BEEN PROPERLY ISSUED IN AN AMOUNT NO LESS THAN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION, OR ANY INTEREST THEREIN, MAY BE OFFERED, RESOLD, PLEDGED OR OTHERWISE TRANSFERRED IN A DENOMINATION LESS THAN THE MINIMUM DENOMINATION IF SUCH LESSER DENOMINATION IS SOLELY A RESULT OF A REDUCTION OF PRINCIPAL DUE TO PAYMENTS MADE IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE INDENTURE. 
 THE PURCHASER UNDERSTANDS THAT THE ISSUER MAY RECEIVE A LIST OF PARTICIPANTS HOLDING POSITIONS IN THE NOTES FROM THE NOTE REGISTRAR. 
 Section 2.07 of the Indenture contains further restrictions on the transfer and resale of this Note (or any interest herein). Each Transferee of this Note, by acceptance hereof, is deemed to have accepted this Note subject to the foregoing restrictions on transferability. 
 Each Noteholder, by its acceptance of this Note (or any interest herein), covenants and agrees that such Noteholder shall not, prior to the date that is one year and one day after the termination of the Indenture, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause the Issuer to invoke the process of any court or governmental authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against the Issuer under any federal or state bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, indenture trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Issuer or any substantial part of its property, or ordering the winding up or liquidation of the affairs of the Issuer. The principal of this Note is payable in installments as set forth herein. Accordingly, the outstanding principal amount of this Note at any time may be less than the amount shown on the face hereof. Any person acquiring this security may ascertain its current principal amount by inquiry of the Indenture Trustee. 
 This Note has been issued with Original Issue Discount OID for United States Federal Income Tax Purposes. The Issue Price, Amount of OID, Issue Date, Accrual Periods, Yield to Maturity, the Comparable Yield and Projected Payment Schedule of this Note for United States Federal Income Tax Purposes may be obtained by writing to the Issuer at Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC, 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540, Houston, Texas 77046, Attention Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 The Transferee has been furnished with all information regarding (a) the Transferred Notes and distributions thereon, (b) the Indenture and (c) all related matters, in each case that the Transferee has requested. 
 The Transferee has (i) sole investment discretion with respect to each account for which it is a fiduciary or agent and (ii) full power to make the applicable foregoing acknowledgments, 
 B-2-4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

representations, warranties, certifications or agreements with respect to each such account as set forth in Section 2.07 of the Indenture. 3 
 We undertake to advise you promptly by tested telex on or prior to the date on which you intend to submit your certification relating to the Notes held by you or on your behalf for our account in accordance with your operating procedures if any applicable statement herein is not correct on such date, and in the absence of any such notification it may be assumed that this certification applies as of such date. 
 We understand that this certification is required in connection with certain securities laws of the United States. In connection therewith, if administrative or legal proceedings are commenced or threatened in connection with which this certification is or would be relevant, we irrevocably authorize you to produce this certification to any interested party in such proceedings. 

Insert Name of Transferor 
 
 By ______________________ Name Title 
 Dated 

3 To be included if the Transferee is acquiring a Note as a fiduciary or agent for one or more accounts. 
 B-2-5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit C Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC 
 Notice of Voluntary Prepayment 
 DATE 
 Wilmington Trust, National Association 
 Rodney Square North 
 1100 North Market Street 
 Wilmington, Delaware 19890 
 Attn Corporate Trust Administration 
 
 Sunnova Energy Corporation 
 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540 
 Houston, TX 77046 
 Attention Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Pursuant to Section 6.01 of the Indenture dated as of October 18, 2024 (the Indenture ), between Sunnova SOL VIII Issuer, LLC (the Issuer and Wilmington Trust, National Association (the Indenture Trustee ), the Indenture Trustee is hereby directed to prepay in whole part the Issuer's 6.45 8.78 Solar Asset Backed Notes, Series 2024-3, Class A B , on _______ __, 20__ (the Voluntary Prepayment Date ). 
 FOR PREPAYMENT OF ALL OUTSTANDING NOTES IN FULL On or prior to the Voluntary Prepayment Date, as required by Section 6.02 of the Indenture, the Issuer shall deposit into the Collection Account an amount equal to (i) the sum of (A) the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance, (B) all accrued and unpaid interest thereon (including any Class B Deferred Interest, Post-ARD Additional Note Interest or Deferred Post-ARD Additional Note Interest), (C) the related Make Whole Amounts, if any, and (D) all amounts owed to the Indenture Trustee, the Transaction Manager, the Transaction Transition Manager and any other parties to the Transaction Documents, minus (ii) the sum of the amounts then on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account and the Supplemental Reserve Account (the Prepayment Amount ). 
 FOR PREPAYMENT IN PART OR PREPAYMENT OF ONE CLASS OF NOTES IN FULL On or prior to the Voluntary Prepayment Date, as required by Section 6.02 of the Indenture, the Issuer shall deposit into the Collection Account, the sum of (i) the amount of outstanding principal of the Notes being prepaid, (ii) all accrued and unpaid interest thereon (including any Class B Deferred Interest, Post-ARD Additional Note Interest or Deferred Post-ARD Additional Note Interest), (iii) the related Make Whole Amount, if applicable and (iv) any other amounts owed under the Transaction Documents. 
 C-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

On the specified Voluntary Prepayment Date, provided that the Indenture Trustee has received the Prepayment Amount, on or prior to such specified Voluntary Prepayment Date, the Indenture Trustee is directed to (x) withdraw the Prepayment Amount from the Collection Account and disburse such amounts in accordance with the Priority of Payments (without giving effect to clauses (vii) through (x) thereof) and (y) to the extent the Aggregate Outstanding Note Balance is prepaid and all other obligations of the Issuer under the Transaction Documents have been paid, release any remaining assets in the Trust Estate to, or at the direction of, the Issuer. 
 You are hereby instructed to provide all notices of prepayment required by Section 6.02 of the Indenture. All terms used but not defined herein have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Indenture. 
 signature page follows 
 C-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

In Witness Whereof, the undersigned has executed this Notice of Voluntary Prepayment on the ___ day of _________, _____. 
 SUNNOVA SOL VIII ISSUER, LLC, as Issuer By 
 Name 
 Title 

C-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit D 
 RULE 15GA-1 INFORMATION 
 Reporting Period 
 Asset Class Shelf Series Name CIK Originator No. Servicer No. Outstanding Principal Balance Repurchase Type Indicate Repurchase Activity During the Reporting Period by Checkmark or by Date Reference (as applicable) Subject to Demand Repurchased or Replaced Repurchased Pending Demand in Dispute Demand Withdrawn Demand Rejected 

Terms and Definitions 
 NOTE Any date included on this report is subject to the descriptions below. Dates referenced on this report for this Transaction where the Servicer is not the Repurchase Enforcer (as defined below) availability of such information may be dependent upon information received from other parties. 
 References to Repurchaser shall mean the party obligated under the Transaction Documents to repurchase a . References to Repurchase Enforcer shall mean the party obligated under the Transaction Documents to enforce the obligations of any Repurchaser. 
 Outstanding Principal Balance For purposes of this report, the Outstanding Principal Balance of a in this Transaction equals the remaining outstanding principal balance of the reflected on the distribution or payment reports at the end of the related reporting period, or if the has been liquidated prior to the end of the related reporting period, the final outstanding principal balance of the reflected on the distribution or payment reports prior to liquidation. 
 Subject to Demand The date when a demand for repurchase is identified and coded by the Servicer or Indenture Trustee as a repurchase related request. 
 Repurchased or Replaced The date when a is repurchased or replaced. To the extent such date is unavailable, the date upon which the Servicer or the Indenture Trustee obtained actual knowledge a has been repurchased or replaced. 
 D-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Repurchase Pending A is identified as Repurchase Pending when a demand notice is sent by the Indenture Trustee, as Repurchase Enforcer, to the Repurchaser. A remains in this category until (i) a has been Repurchased, (ii) a request is determined to be a Demand in Dispute , (iii) a request is determined to be a Demand Withdrawn , or (iv) a request is determined to be a Demand Rejected. 
 With respect to the Servicer only, a is identified as Repurchase Pending on the date (y) the Servicer sends notice of any request for repurchase to the related Repurchase Enforcer, or (z) the Servicer receives notice of a repurchase request but determines it is not required to take further action regarding such request pursuant to its obligations under the applicable Transaction Documents. The will remain in this category until the Servicer receives actual knowledge from the related Repurchase Enforcer, Repurchaser, or other party, that the repurchase request should be changed to Demand in Dispute , Demand Withdrawn , Demand Rejected , or Repurchased. 
 Demand in Dispute Occurs (i) when a response is received from the Repurchaser which refutes a repurchase request, or (ii) upon the expiration of any applicable cure period. 
 Demand Withdrawn The date when a previously submitted repurchase request is withdrawn by the original requesting party. To the extent such date is not available, the date when the Servicer or the Indenture Trustee receives actual knowledge of any such withdrawal. 
 Demand Rejected The date when the Indenture Trustee, as Repurchase Enforcer, has determined that it will no longer pursue enforcement of a previously submitted repurchase request. To the extent such date is not otherwise available, the date when the Servicer receives actual knowledge from the Indenture Trustee, as Repurchase Enforcer, that it has determined not to pursue a repurchase request. 
 In connection therewith, if Proceedings are commenced or threatened in writing in connection with which this certificate is or would be relevant, we irrevocably authorize you to produce this certification to any interested party in such Proceedings. 
 Date ____________, 20__ 4 
 Yours faithfully, 
 
 By _________________________________ Name Title 
 
 4 To be dated no later than three Business Days following the receipt of any Demands by the Indenture Trustee. 
 D-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

</EX-4.4>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 exhibit103-tephamendment.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 
 Exhibit 10.3 
 Execution Version 

 THIRD AMENDMENT 
 TO 
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 THIS THIRD AMENDMENT TO SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT (this Amendment is made as of this 28 th day of October, 2024 (the Effective Date ), by and among SUNNOVA TEP HOLDINGS, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), SUNNOVA TE MANAGEMENT, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, in its capacity as facility administrator (in such capacity, the Facility Administrator ), the Lenders party hereto, the Funding Agents party hereto, ATLAS SECURITIZED PRODUCTS ADMINISTRATION, L.P., in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders and Funding Agents (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as paying agent (in such capacity, the Paying Agent ), and U.S. Bank National Association, as verification agent (in such capacity, the Verification Agent and, together with the Borrower, the Facility Administrator, the Administrative Agent, each Lender party hereto, each Funding Agent party hereto and the Paying Agent, the Parties ), and amends that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2023 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among the Borrower, the Facility Administrator, the Lenders from time to time party thereto, the Funding Agents from time to time party thereto, Atlas Securitized Products Holdings, L.P., in its capacity as the original administrative agent immediately prior to the Effective Date (in such capacity, the Original Administrative Agent ), the Paying Agent and the Verification Agent. Except as otherwise defined in this Amendment, the capitalized terms used herein have the meanings set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 RECITALS 
 WHEREAS, the Parties hereto desire to amend the Credit Agreement in accordance with Section 10.2(A) thereof as set forth in Section 1 hereof and 
 WHEREAS, the Borrower, the Original Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent and the other parties thereto entered into that certain Administrative Agent Resignation and Appointment Agreement, dated as of the date hereof and effective immediately prior to effectiveness of this Amendment in accordance with Section 2 hereof, pursuant to which the Original Administrative Agent assigned to the Administrative Agent, as successor administrative agent, and pursuant to which the Administrative Agent accepted and assumed, all of the Original Administrative Agent s rights, title and interests as administrative agent in, to and under the Credit Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and any other documents, instruments, certificates, financing statements and agreements relating to the Credit Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the foregoing, the terms and conditions set forth in this Amendment, and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. Amendments to the Credit Agreement . Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth in Section 2 hereof, the Credit Agreement in effect immediately prior to the date hereof is hereby amended to delete the red, stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example stricken text and to add the blue, double underlined text (indicated in the same manner as the following example underlined text as set forth on Exhibit A hereto. 
 ACTIVE 125230836118095119.17 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

2. Conditions Precedent to Amendment . The effectiveness of this Amendment shall be the date on which the following conditions precedent have been satisfied (as determined by the Administrative Agent) 
 (i) Amendment and other Transaction Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a copy of this Amendment duly executed by the parties hereto, (ii) a copy of the Parent Guaranty amended and restated on the date hereof duly executed by the parties thereto and (iii) a copy of the Servicing Agreement listed on Schedule IX of the Credit Agreement duly executed by the parties thereto (the Servicing Agreement and evidence of termination (the Termination Letter of the Servicing Agreement listed on Schedule IX of the Credit Agreement immediately prior to giving effect to this Amendment. 
 (ii) Fee Letters . 
 (a) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto shall have received a copy of the Fourth Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed by the Administrative Agent, AGF WHCO 1-A1 LP, as a Class A Lender, and the Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and AGF WHCO 1-A1 LP. 
 
 (b) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto shall have received a copy of the Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed by Barclays Bank PLC, as a Class A Lender, and the Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and Barclays Bank PLC. 
 
 (c) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto shall have received a copy of the Second Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed by the Administrative Agent, ING Capital LLC, as a Class A Lender, and the Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and ING Capital LLC. 
 
 (d) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto shall have received a copy of the Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed by the Administrative Agent, MUFG Bank, Ltd., as a Class A Lender, and the Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and MUFG Bank, Ltd. 
 
 (e) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto shall have received a copy of the Third Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed by the Administrative Agent, Variant Impact Fund, LibreMax E Value Master Fund, Ltd., Boston Patriot Saint James SPE LLC, LibreMax Structured Opportunities Master Fund II, LP, LibreMax Structured Income (ECI) Master Fund III, LP, LibreMax Value Master Fund, Ltd. and LibreMax Opportunistic Value Master Fund, LP, each as a Class B Lender (collectively, the LibreMax Entities ), and the Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the LibreMax Entities. 
 
 118095119.17 2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(f) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto shall have received a copy of the Third Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed by the Administrative Agent, First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company, as a Class A Lender, and the Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and First-Citizens Bank & Trust Company. 
 
 (g) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto shall have received a copy of the Second Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed by the Administrative Agent, East West Bank, as a Class A Lender, and the Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and East West Bank. 
 
 (h) The Administrative Agent and the Lenders party thereto shall have received a copy of the Amended and Restated Fee Letter, dated as of the date hereof, duly executed by the Administrative Agent, ACM AIF Evergreen P3 DAC Subco LP, Atalaya Asset Income Fund Parallel 345 LP, each as a Class B Lender (collectively, the Atalaya Entities ), and the Borrower, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and Atalaya Entities. 
 
 (iii) Payment of Fees . All fees due and payable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders on or by the Effective Date pursuant to the fee letters set forth in Section 2(ii) hereof and the Credit Agreement shall have been paid. 
 
 (iv) Representations and Warranties . All of the representations and warranties of the Borrower and the Facility Administrator contained in this Amendment shall be true and correct in all material respects (except for those representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the date hereof (or such earlier date or period specifically stated in such representation or warranty). 
 (v) Legal Opinions . The Administrative Agent and each Lender party hereto shall have received a customary legal opinion from counsel to the Borrower and the Facility Administrator addressing authorization and enforceability of this Amendment. 
 (vi) Resolutions . The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have received resolutions of each of the Parent s, Borrower s, SAP s and the Facility Administrator s members, managers or other governing body authorizing its execution, delivery, and performance of this Amendment and other documents related to this Amendment to which it is a party. 
 (vii) UCC Search Results . The Administrative Agent shall have received the results of a recent search of all effective UCC financing statements (or equivalent filings) made with respect to the Assignors, Financing Fund Seller, SAP Seller, TEP Resources, the Borrower, SAP, the Managing Members and the Financing Funds in all appropriate jurisdictions together with copies of all such filings disclosed by such search. 
 3. Representations and Warranties . Each of the Borrower and the Facility Administrator represents and warrants as of the date of this Amendment as follows 
 118095119.17 3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(i) this Amendment has been duly and validly executed and delivered by such party and constitutes its valid and binding obligation, legally enforceable against such party in accordance with its terms, except as enforceability may be limited by applicable insolvency laws and general principles of equity (whether considered in a proceeding at law or in equity) 
 (ii) the execution, delivery and performance by it of this Amendment are within its powers, and do not conflict with, and will not result in a violation of, or constitute or give rise to an event of default under (a) any of its organizational documents, (b) any agreement or other instrument which may be binding upon it, or (c) any law, governmental regulation, court decree or order applicable to it or its properties, except, in each case, where such conflict, violation or event of default could not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect 
 (iii) it has all powers and all governmental licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals required to carry on its business as now conducted except where the failure to obtain such licenses, authorizations, consents and approvals would not result in a Material Adverse Effect and 
 (iv) the representations and warranties of such party set forth in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects (except to the extent there are already materiality qualifiers therein, in which case such qualified representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the date hereof (or such earlier date or period specifically stated in such representation or warranty). 
 Each of the Borrower and the Facility Administrator further represents and warrants that (i) immediately prior to this Amendment, no Potential Default, Event of Default, Potential Amortization Event or Amortization Event has occurred and is continuing and (ii) no Potential Default, Event of Default, Potential Amortization Event or Amortization Event will occur as a result of the execution of this Amendment. 
 4. Effect of Amendment No Novation . This Amendment shall not in any manner constitute or be construed to constitute a novation, discharge, forgiveness, extinguishment or release of any obligation under the Credit Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or to keep and perform any of the terms, conditions or agreements contained therein. Except as expressly amended and modified by this Amendment, all provisions of the Credit Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and each reference to the Credit Agreement and words of similar import in the Transaction Documents shall be a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby and as the same may be further amended, supplemented and otherwise modified and in effect from time to time. This Amendment shall not be deemed to expressly or impliedly waive, amend or supplement any provision of the Credit Agreement other than as set forth herein. This Amendment is a Transaction Document. 
 5. No Release Ratification of Related Documents Binding Effect . Nothing contained herein and nothing done pursuant hereto shall affect or be construed to affect or to release the liability of any party or parties whomsoever who may now or hereafter be liable under or on account of the Indebtedness under the Credit Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. Except as expressly provided herein, (i) nothing herein shall limit in any way the rights and remedies of the Secured Parties under the Credit Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, and (ii) the terms and conditions of the Credit Agreement and the other Transaction Documents remain in full force and effect and are hereby ratified and affirmed. The Borrower hereby ratifies and affirms all of its promises, covenants and 
 118095119.17 4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

obligations to promptly and properly pay any and all sums due under the Credit Agreement (as amended by this Amendment) and the other Transaction Documents and to promptly and properly perform and comply with any and all of its obligations, duties and agreements pursuant thereto, as modified hereby or in connection herewith. This Amendment shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties hereto and their respective successors and permitted assigns. 
 6. Entire Agreement Effectiveness . This Amendment constitutes the entire agreement among the Parties with respect to the matters dealt with herein. All previous documents, undertakings and agreements, whether verbal, written or otherwise, among the Parties with respect to the subject matter of this Amendment, are hereby cancelled and superseded and shall not affect or modify any of the terms or obligations set forth in this Amendment. 
 7. Severability . Any provision hereof which is prohibited or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof and without affecting the validity or enforceability of any provision in any other jurisdiction. 
 8. Governing Law . THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL, IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 9. Incorporation By Reference . Sections 10.10 Jurisdiction ), 10.11 Waiver of Jury Trial ), 10.20 Non-Petition and 10.21 No Recourse of the Credit Agreement hereby are incorporated by reference as if fully set forth in this Amendment mutatis mutandis . 
 10. Counterparts . This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute one and the same instrument. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Amendment by email in portable document format (pdf) or by other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Amendment. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. The words execution, execute, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Amendment shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 11. Consent and Direction . 
 118095119.17 5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(i) Each of the Lenders and Funding Agents party hereto hereby consents to this Amendment and authorizes and directs each of the Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent and the Verification Agent to execute and deliver this Amendment. 
 (ii) The Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders party hereto hereby consents to the execution and delivery by SAP of the Servicing Agreement and the Termination Letter. 
 12. No Amendment Fee . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in Section 2.5(F) of the Credit Agreement, each of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Facility Administrator, the Lenders and the Funding Agents acknowledge, agree and consent that the amendment fee under Section 2.5(F) of the Credit Agreement shall not be due and payable to the Administrative Agent in connection with this Amendment. 
 13. Acknowledgment . By executing this Amendment, each of the Paying Agent and Verification Agent hereby (i) acknowledges that the Borrower, certain Lenders, the Facility Administrator, the Original Administrative Agent, and the Administrative Agent are party to that certain Administrative Agent Resignation and Appointment Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, whereby the Original Administrative Agent resigned as administrative agent under the Credit Agreement and the Administrative Agent was appointed as successor administrative agent, (ii) agrees that the Original Administrative Agent s obligation to provide notice of its resignation as administrative agent pursuant to Section 7.9(A) of the Credit Agreement is hereby satisfied and waives any notice requirements contained in the other Transaction Documents related to such appointment and (iii) acknowledges and agrees that, as of the date hereof, the liens on collateral created by the Credit Agreement and other Transaction Documents in favor of the Original Administrative Agent will be held by the Administrative Agent in its capacity as successor administrative agent and, for such purpose, the Verification Agent will (x) with respect to such collateral, be acting for the benefit of and subject to the direction of the Administrative Agent, in accordance with and pursuant to the relevant provisions of the Credit Agreement and the other Transaction Documents which shall remain unchanged (other than for the Administrative Agent now acting as administative agent), and (y) reflect in its records (including, for the avoidance of doubt, with respect to electronic chattel paper held by the Verification Agent pursuant to the Credit Agreement and the other Transaction Documents) that such collateral is being held on behalf of and for the benefit of the Administrative Agent as the successor administrative agent. 
 
 Signature pages to follow 
 118095119.17 6 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

In Witness Whereof, the Parties hereto have caused this Amendment to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written . 
 Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, as Borrower 
 
 By s Eric Williams 
 Name Eric Williams 
 Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Sunnova TE Management, LLC, as Facility Administrator 
 
 By s Eric Williams 
 Name Eric Williams 
 Title Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Atlas Securitized Products Administration, L.P., as Administrative Agent and a Funding Agent 
 
 By Atlas Securitized Products Administration BKR GP, LLC 
 By s Patrick Duggan 
 Name Patrick Duggan 
 Title Director 
 AGF WHCO 1-A1 LP, as a Class A Lender 
 By AASP Management, LP, its investment manager 
 By AASP Management GP, LLC, its general partner 
 By Apollo Capital Management, L.P., its sole member 
 By Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC, its general partner 
 
 By s William B. Kuesel 
 Name William B. Kuesel 
 Title Vice President and 
 AGM General Counsel, Americas 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

First Citizens Bank & Trust Company, as a Funding Agent and as a Class A Lender 
 By s Jimmy Martone Name Jimmy Martone Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

East West Bank, as a Funding Agent and as a Class A Lender 
 By s Keith Kishiyama Name Keith Kishiyama Title Senior Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

ING Capital LLC, as a Funding Agent and as a Class A Lender 
 By s Scott Hancock 
 Name Scott Hancock 
 Title Managing Director 

By s Stefano Palombo 
 Name Stefano Palombo 
 Title Director 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Barclays Bank PLC, as a Funding Agent and as a Class A Lender 

By s Elena Ghilardi 
 Name Elena Ghilardi 
 Title Director 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

MUFG Bank. LTD., as a Funding Agent and as a Class A Lender 
 
 By s Yezdan Badrakhan 
 Name Yezdan Badrakhan 
 Title Managing Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Victory Receivables Corporation, as a Conduit Lender 
 
 By s Kevin J. Corrigan Name Kevin J. Corrigan Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Salisbury Receivables Company LLC, as a Conduit Lender 
 
 By s Elena Ghilardi Name Elena Ghilardi Title Director 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Sheffield Receivables Company LLC, as a Conduit Lender 
 
 By s Elena Ghilardi Name Elena Ghilardi Title Director 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

LIBREMAX E VALUE MASTER FUND, LTD., as a Funding Agent and as a Class B Lender 
 By LibreMax Capital, LLC, its investment manager 
 
 By s Frank Bruttomesso Name Frank Bruttomesso Title General Counsel 
 
 BOSTON PATRIOT SAINT JAMES SPE LLC, as a Funding Agent and as a Class B Lender 
 By LibreMax Capital, LLC, its investment manager 
 
 By s Frank Bruttomesso Name Frank Bruttomesso Title General Counsel 
 
 LIBREMAX STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES MASTER FUND II, LP, as a Funding Agent and as a Class B Lender 
 By LibreMax Capital, LLC, its investment manager 
 
 By s Frank Bruttomesso Name Frank Bruttomesso Title General Counsel 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

LIBREMAX STRUCTURED INCOME (ECI) MASTER FUND III, LP, as a Funding Agent and as a Class B Lender 
 By LibreMax Capital, LLC, its investment manager 
 
 By s Frank Bruttomesso Name Frank Bruttomesso Title General Counsel 
 
 LIBREMAX VALUE MASTER FUND, LTD., as a Funding Agent and as a Class B Lender 
 By LibreMax Capital, LLC, its investment manager 
 
 By s Frank Bruttomesso Name Frank Bruttomesso Title General Counsel 
 LIBREMAX OPPORTUNISTIC VALUE MASTER FUND, LP, as a Funding Agent and as a Class B Lender 
 By LibreMax Capital, LLC, its investment manager 
 
 By s Frank Bruttomesso Name Frank Bruttomesso Title General Counsel 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

VARIANT IMPACT FUND, as a Funding Agent and as a Class B Lender 
 
 By s JB Hayes Name JB Hayes Title Principal 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

ACM AIF EVERGREEN P3 DAC SUBCO LP, as a Class B Lender 
 By s Raymond Chan Name Raymond Chan Title Authorized Signatory 

ATALAYA ASSET INCOME FUND PARALLEL 345 LP, as a Class B Lender 
 By s Raymond Chan Name Raymond Chan Title Authorized Signatory 

MIDTOWN MADISON MANAGEMENT LLC, as a Funding Agent 
 By s Raymond Chan Name Raymond Chan Title Authorized Signatory 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Computershare Trust Company, National Association, not in its individual capacity but solely as Paying Agent 

By s Jennifer C. Westberg Name Jennifer C. Westberg Title Vice President 

Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

U.S. Bank National Association, as Verification Agent 

By s Kenneth Brandt Name Kenneth Brandt Title Vice President 
 
 Signature Page to Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit A 
 
 See attached 
 118095119.17 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit A 
 to Third Amendment 
 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 

Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 
 dated as of November 3, 2023, 
 as amended by 
 the First Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of February 14, 2024, and the Second Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 20, 2024 , and the Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 28, 2024 
 among 
 Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, as Borrower 
 Sunnova TE Management, LLC, as Facility Administrator 
 Atlas Securitized Products Holdings Administration , L.P., as Administrative Agent for the financial institutions that may from time to time become parties hereto as Lenders 
 Lenders from time to time party hereto 
 Funding Agents from time to time party hereto 
 Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Paying Agent 
 and 
 U.S. Bank National Association, as Verification Agent 

118556040.20 118095118.53 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Table of Contents 
 Section Heading Page 
 ARTICLE I Certain Definitions 2 
 Section 1.1 Certain Definitions 2 
 Section 1.2 Computation of Time Periods 2 
 Section 1.3 Construction 2 
 Section 1.4 Accounting Terms 3 
 Section 1.5 Rates 3 
 ARTICLE II Amounts and Terms of the Advances 4 
 Section 2.1 Establishment of the Credit Facility 4 
 Section 2.2 The Advances 4 
 Section 2.3 Use of Proceeds 4 
 Section 2.4 Making the Advances 5 
 Section 2.5 Fees 7 
 Section 2.6 Reduction Increase of the Commitments 8 
 Section 2.7 Repayment of the Advances 9 
 Section 2.8 Certain Prepayments 14 
 Section 2.9 Mandatory Prepayments of Advances 14 
 Section 2.10 Reserved 15 
 Section 2.11 Interest 15 
 Section 2.12 Breakage Costs Liquidation Fees Broken Funding Costs Increased Costs Capital Adequacy Illegality Additional Indemnifications 15 
 Section 2.13 Payments and Computations 19 
 Section 2.14 Payment on Non-Business Days 19 20 
 Section 2.15 Inability to Determine Rates 20 
 Section 2.16 Extension of the Scheduled Commitment Termination Date or Facility Maturity Date 22 
 Section 2.17 Taxes 22 23 
 Section 2.18 Request for Borrowing Exceeding Aggregate Commitment Increase to Aggregate Commitments 27 
 Section 2.19 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 30 
 ARTICLE III Conditions of Lending and Closing 32 
 Section 3.1 Conditions Precedent to Second Amendment and Restatement 32 
 Section 3.2 Conditions Precedent to All Advances 34 35 
 Section 3.3 Conditions Precedent to Acquisition of Additional Managing Members 36 37 
 ARTICLE IV Representations and Warranties 37 
 Section 4.1 Representations and Warranties of the Borrower 37 
 ARTICLE V Covenants 42 43 
 Section 5.1 Affirmative Covenants 42 43 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -i- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 5.2 Negative Covenants 53 55 
 Section 5.3 Covenants Regarding the Solar Asset Owner Member Interests 58 60 
 ARTICLE VI Events of Default 60 63 
 Section 6.1 Events of Default 60 63 
 Section 6.2 Remedies 63 66 
 Section 6.3 Class B Buyout Option 63 66 
 Section 6.4 Sale of Collateral 65 68 
 ARTICLE VII The Administrative Agent and Funding Agents 68 71 
 Section 7.1 Appointment Nature of Relationship 68 71 
 Section 7.2 Powers 69 72 
 Section 7.3 Exculpatory Provisions 70 73 
 Section 7.4 No Responsibility for Certain Matters 70 74 
 Section 7.5 Delegation of Duties 71 74 
 Section 7.6 The Administrative Agent s Reimbursement and Indemnification 72 75 
 Section 7.7 Reserved 72 75 
 Section 7.8 Lender Credit Decision 72 75 
 Section 7.9 Successor Administrative Agent 73 76 
 Section 7.10 Transaction Documents Further Assurances 74 77 
 Section 7.11 Collateral Review 75 78 
 Section 7.12 Funding Agent Appointment Nature of Relationship 76 79 
 Section 7.13 Funding Agent Powers 76 79 
 Section 7.14 Funding Agent Exculpatory Provisions 77 80 
 Section 7.15 No Funding Agent Responsibility for Certain Matters 77 80 
 Section 7.16 Funding Agent Delegation of Duties 78 81 
 Section 7.17 Funding Agent s Reimbursement and Indemnification 78 81 
 Section 7.18 Lender Group Voting 79 82 
 Section 7.19 Funding Agent Lender Credit Decision 79 82 
 Section 7.20 Funding Agent Successor Funding Agent 79 83 
 Section 7.21 Funding Agent Transaction Documents Further Assurances 80 84 
 Section 7.22 Lender Relationships 80 84 
 Section 7.23 Certain ERISA Matters 81 85 
 Section 7.24 Erroneous Payments 83 86 
 ARTICLE VIII Administration and Servicing of the Collateral 85 88 
 Section 8.1 Management Agreements Servicing Agreements Facility Administration Agreement 85 88 
 Section 8.2 Accounts 87 90 
 Section 8.3 Adjustments 97 102 
 ARTICLE IX The Paying Agent 98 102 
 Section 9.1 Appointment 98 102 
 Section 9.2 Representations and Warranties 98 102 
 Section 9.3 Limitation of Liability of the Paying Agent 98 103 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -ii- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 9.4 Certain Matters Affecting the Paying Agent 99 103 
 Section 9.5 Indemnification 104 109 
 Section 9.6 Successor Paying Agent 105 109 
 ARTICLE X Miscellaneous 105 110 
 Section 10.1 Survival 105 110 
 Section 10.2 Amendments, Etc. 106 110 
 Section 10.3 Notices, Etc. 107 112 
 Section 10.4 No Waiver Remedies 111 116 
 Section 10.5 Indemnification 112 116 
 Section 10.6 Costs, Expenses and Taxes 113 117 
 Section 10.7 Right of Set-off Ratable Payments Relations Among Lenders 113 118 
 Section 10.8 Binding Effect Assignment 115 119 
 Section 10.9 Governing Law 120 125 
 Section 10.10 Jurisdiction 120 125 
 Section 10.11 Waiver of Jury Trial 121 125 
 Section 10.12 Section Headings 121 126 
 Section 10.13 Tax Characterization 121 126 
 Section 10.14 Execution 121 126 
 Section 10.15 Limitations on Liability 121 126 
 Section 10.16 Confidentiality 122 126 
 Section 10.17 Limited Recourse 124 128 
 Section 10.18 Customer Identification - USA Patriot Act Notice 124 129 
 Section 10.19 Paying Agent Compliance with Applicable Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Regulations 124 129 
 Section 10.20 Non-Petition 124 129 
 Section 10.21 No Recourse 125 129 
 Section 10.22 Additional Paying Agent Provisions 125 130 
 Section 10.23 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 125 130 
 Section 10.24 Effect of Second Amendment and Restatement 126 130 
 Section 10.25 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 127 132 
 Section 10.26 Cashless Settlement 128 132 
 Section 10.27 Green Loan Provisions 128 132 
 Section 10.28 Excess Funds 129 134 

118556040.20 118095118.53 -iii- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule I Eligibility Criteria 
 Schedule II The Collection Account, the Supplemental Reserve Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account, the SAP Lockbox Account, the SAP Revenue Account, the Takeout Transaction Account , the WIP Reserve Account and the Borrower s Account 
 Schedule III Reserved 
 Schedule IV Scheduled Hedged SREC Payments 
 Schedule V Scheduled Host Customer Payments 
 Schedule VI Scheduled PBI Payments 
 Schedule VII Scheduled Managing Member Distributions 
 Schedule VIII Tax Equity Financing Documents 
 Schedule IX SAP Financing Documents 
 Schedule X SAP NTP Financing Documents 
 Schedule XI Reserved 
 Schedule XII Special Financing Fund Provisions 
 Schedule XIII Approved Tax Equity Partners 
 Exhibit A Defined Terms 
 Exhibit B-1 Form of Borrowing Base Certificate 
 Exhibit B-2 Form of Notice of Borrowing 
 Exhibit C Reserved 
 Exhibit D-1 Form of Class A Loan Note 
 Exhibit D-2 Form of Class B Loan Note 
 Exhibit E Commitments 
 Exhibit F Form of Assignment Agreement 
 Exhibit G Form of Solar Service Agreement 
 Exhibit H Form of Notice of Delayed Funding 
 Exhibit I Delayed Funding Notice 
 Exhibit J Form of Underwriting and Reassignment Credit Policy 
 Exhibit K Disqualified Lenders 
 Exhibit L Form of Allocation Reporting Letter 
 Exhibit M Form of Impact Reporting Letter 
 Exhibit N Acceptable Third-Party O&M and Services Providers 

118556040.20 118095118.53 -iv- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 This Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (this Agreement is entered into as of November 3, 2023, by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), Sunnova TE Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Facility Administrator (in such capacity, the Facility Administrator ), the financial institutions from time to time parties hereto (each such financial institution (including any Conduit Lender), a Lender and collectively, the Lenders ), each Funding Agent representing a group of Lenders, Atlas Securitized Products Holdings Administration , L.P. Atlas ), as administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent for the Lenders, Computershare Trust Company, National Association, not in its individual capacity, but solely as Paying Agent (as defined below), and U.S. Bank National Association, as Verification Agent (as defined below). 
 Recitals 
 Whereas, on September 6, 2019 (the Original Closing Date certain parties hereto entered into that certain Credit Agreement (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of December 2, 2019, as further amended by that certain Consent and Second Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of December 31, 2019, as further amended by that certain Third Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 31, 2020, as further amended by that certain Fourth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of February 28, 2020, as further amended by that certain Fifth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2020, as further amended by that certain Omnibus Amendment, dated as of May 14, 2020, as further amended by that certain Seventh Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of June 26, 2020, as further amended by that certain Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of October 28, 2020, as further amended by that certain Ninth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of November 9, 2020, and as further amended by that certain Tenth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of January 29, 2021, the Original Credit Agreement ), wherein the Lenders provided loans to Borrower in connection with its ownership interest in the Solar Asset Owner Member Interests 
 Whereas, on March 29, 2021, certain parties hereto amended and restated the Original Credit Agreement with that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2021 (as amended by that certain First Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2021, as further amended by that certain Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of June 17, 2021, as further amended by that certain Third Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 15, 2021, as further amended by that certain Fourth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 18, 2021, as further amended by that certain Omnibus Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement and Facility Administration Agreement, dated as of October 29, 2021, as further amended by that certain Sixth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of April 12, 2022, as further amended by that certain Seventh Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2022, as further amended by that certain Eighth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2022, as further amended by that certain Ninth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2023, and as further amended by that certain Tenth Amendment to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of August 31, 2023, the Existing Credit Agreement ), wherein the 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Lenders provided loans to Borrower in connection with its ownership interest in the Solar Asset Owner Member Interests 
 Whereas , effective as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, the parties hereto hereby acknowledge the assignment of the rights and obligations of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as Paying Agent under the Transaction Documents and any documents entered into or delivered pursuant thereto, to Computershare Trust Company, National Association and 
 Whereas, the parties hereto desire to amend and restate, without novation, the Existing Credit Agreement upon the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein. 
 Now, Therefore, in consideration of the premises and the mutual agreements contained herein, the parties hereto agree as follows 
 ARTICLE I Certain Definitions 
 Section 1.1 Certain Definitions 
 . Capitalized terms used but not otherwise defined herein have the meanings given to them in Exhibit A attached hereto. 
 Section 1.2 Computation of Time Periods 
 . In this Agreement, in the computation of periods of time from a specified date to a later specified date, the word from means from and including, the words to and until each means to but excluding and the word through means through and including. Any references to completing an action on a non-Business Day (including any payments) shall be automatically extended to the next Business Day. 
 Section 1.3 Construction 
 . The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include, includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall. Unless the context requires otherwise, (A) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, supplements or modifications set forth therein), (B) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and permitted assigns, (C) the words herein, hereof and hereunder, and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (D) all references herein to Sections, Schedules and Exhibits shall be construed to refer to Sections of, and Schedules and Exhibits to, this Agreement, (E) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all real property, tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights, and interests in any of the 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -2- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

foregoing, (F) any reference to a statute, rule or regulation is to that statute, rule or regulation as now enacted or as the same may from time to time be amended, re-enacted or expressly replaced and (G) or is not exclusive. References to Managing Member in this Agreement shall be deemed to include all entities comprising such defined term unless the context requires otherwise. References to Manager in this Agreement shall be deemed to include all entities comprising such defined term unless the context requires otherwise. 
 Section 1.4 Accounting Terms 
 . All accounting terms not specifically or completely defined herein shall be construed in conformity with, and all financial data (including financial ratios and other financial calculations) required to be submitted pursuant to this Agreement shall be prepared in conformity with GAAP applied on a consistent basis, as in effect from time to time, applied in a manner consistent with that used in preparing the audited financial statements, except as otherwise specifically prescribed herein. If the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of any change occurring after the Second Amendment and Restatement Date in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of such provision (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Majority Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. 
 Section 1.5 Rates 
 . Neither the Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent nor any Funding Agent warrants or accepts any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, (A) the continuation of, administration of, submission of, calculation of or any other matter related to the Base Rate, Term SOFR, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, or any alternative, successor or replacement rate thereto (including any Benchmark Replacement), including whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, or have the same volume or liquidity as, the Base Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark prior to its discontinuance or unavailability, or (B) the effect, implementation or composition of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes. The Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent, each Funding Agent, and their respective Affiliates or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of the Base Rate, Term SOFR, any alternative, successor or replacement rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent and each Funding Agent may select information sources or services in their reasonable discretion to ascertain the Base Rate, Term SOFR or any other Benchmark, or any component definition thereof or rates referred to in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Funding Agent, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -3- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

ARTICLE II Amounts and Terms of the Advances 
 Section 2.1 Establishment of the Credit Facility 
 . On the Original Closing Date, and subject to and upon the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders agreed to establish the credit facility set forth in this Agreement for the benefit of the Borrower. 
 Section 2.2 The Advances 
 . 
 (A) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Non-Conduit Lender in a Class A Lender Group agrees, severally and not jointly, to make one or more loans (each such loan, a Class A Advance to the Borrower, from time to time during the Availability Period, in an amount, for each Class A Lender Group, equal to its Class A Lender Group Percentage of the aggregate Class A Advances requested by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.4 provided that the Class A Advances made by any Class A Lender Group shall not exceed its Class A Lender Group Percentage of the lesser of (i) the Class A Aggregate Commitment effective at such time and (ii) the Class A Borrowing Base at such time provided , further , that a Non-Conduit Lender in a Class A Lender Group shall be deemed to have satisfied its obligation to make a Class A Advance hereunder (solely with respect to such Class A Advance) to the extent any Conduit Lender in such Lender Group funds such Class A Advance in place of such Non-Conduit Lender in accordance with this Agreement, it being understood that such Conduit Lender may fund a Class A Advance in its sole discretion. 
 (B) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Non-Conduit Lender in a Class B Lender Group agrees, severally and not jointly, to make one or more loans (each such loan, a Class B Advance to the Borrower, from time to time during the Availability Period, in an amount, for each Class B Lender Group, equal to its Class B Lender Group Percentage of the aggregate Class B Advances requested by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.4 provided that the Class B Advances made by any Class B Lender Group shall not exceed its Class B Lender Group Percentage of the lesser of (i) the Class B Aggregate Commitment effective at such time and (ii) the Class B Borrowing Base at such time provided , further , that a Non-Conduit Lender in a Class B Lender Group shall be deemed to have satisfied its obligation to make a Class B Advance hereunder (solely with respect to such Class B Advance) to the extent any Conduit Lender in such Lender Group funds such Class B Advance in place of such Non-Conduit Lender in accordance with this Agreement, it being understood that such Conduit Lender may fund a Class B Advance in its sole discretion. 
 Section 2.3 Use of Proceeds 
 . Proceeds of the Advances shall only be used by the Borrower to (i) purchase Solar Assets and or Solar Asset Owner Member Interests from TEP Resources under the Sale and Contribution Agreement, (ii) make deposits into the Liquidity Reserve Account (up to the Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance) , (iii) make deposits into the Supplemental Reserve Account (up to the Supplemental Reserve Account Required Balance), (iv , (iv) make deposits into the WIP Reserve 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -4- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Account, (v make distributions to the Parent permitted hereunder and v vi pay certain fees and expenses incurred in connection with establishment of the credit facility set forth in this Agreement. 
 Section 2.4 Making the Advances 
 . 
 (A) Except as otherwise provided herein, the Borrower may request that the Lenders make Advances to the Borrower by the delivery to the Administrative Agent, each Funding Agent and the Paying Agent, not later than 1 00 P.M. (New York City time) two (2) Business Days prior to the proposed Funding Date of a written notice of such request substantially in the form of Exhibit B-2 attached hereto (each such notice, a Notice of Borrowing together with a duly completed Borrowing Base Certificate signed by a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. Any Notice of Borrowing or Borrowing Base Certificate received by the Administrative Agent, the Funding Agents and the Paying Agent after the time specified in the immediately preceding sentence shall be deemed to have been received by the Administrative Agent, the Funding Agents and the Paying Agent on the next Business Day, and to the extent that results in the proposed Funding Date being earlier than two (2) Business Days after the date of delivery of such Notice of Borrowing, then the date specified in such Notice of Borrowing as the proposed Funding Date of an Advance shall be deemed to be the Business Day immediately succeeding the proposed Funding Date of such Advance specified in such Notice of Borrowing. The proposed Funding Date specified in a Notice of Borrowing shall be no earlier than two (2) Business Days after the date of delivery of such Notice of Borrowing and may be up to a maximum of thirty (30) days after the date of delivery of such Notice of Borrowing. Unless otherwise provided herein, each Notice of Borrowing shall be irrevocable. The aggregate principal amount of the Class A Advance and Class B Advance requested by the Borrower for any Funding Date shall not be less than the lesser of (x) and (y) the remaining amount necessary in order for the Borrower to fully utilize all available Commitments. If the Administrative Agent delivers a written notice (including by electronic mail) to the Borrower contesting the Borrower s calculations or any statement within such Notice of Borrowing, it shall promptly inform the Borrower. The Borrower may then deliver an amended Notice of Borrowing to the Administrative Agent, the Funding Agents and the Paying Agent or, by written notice, rescind the Notice of Borrowing. 
 (B) The Notice of Borrowing shall specify (i) the aggregate amount of Class A Advances requested together with the allocated amount of Class A Advances to be paid by each Class A Lender Group based on its respective Class A Lender Group Percentage, (ii) the aggregate amount of Class B Advances requested together with the allocated amount of Class B Advances to be paid by each Class B Lender Group based on its respective Class B Lender Group Percentage and (iii) the Funding Date. The amount of Class A Advances to Class B Advances requested shall be determined on a pro rata basis based on the Class A Borrowing Base and Class B Borrowing Base as of the proposed Funding Date provided that the Borrower may request Class A Advances and or Class B Advances which are not pro rata to the extent that the outstanding Advances made by any Non-Conduit Lender, together with the amount of Advances to be made by such Non-Conduit Lender after giving effect to such requested Advances, equal its Commitment. Each Funding Agent may, in its sole discretion, allocate any requested Advances among the Lenders in its Lender Group. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -5- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(C) With respect to the Advances to be made on the Original Closing Date, each Lender shall pay the amount of its Advance by wire transfer of such funds to the Borrower s Account no later than 4 00 P.M. (New York City time) on the Original Closing Date. 
 (D) With respect to the Advances to be made on any Funding Date, other than the initial Advance made on the Original Closing Date, upon a determination by the Administrative Agent that all conditions precedent to the Advances to be made on such Funding Date set forth in Section 3.2 have been satisfied or otherwise waived, each Lender shall fund the amount of its Advance by wire transfer of such funds in accordance with the Borrower s written instructions initiated no later than 2 00 P.M. (New York City time) on such Funding Date. 
 (E) Notwithstanding the foregoing, if any Non-Conduit Lender who shall have previously notified the Borrower in writing, in substantially the form of Exhibit H hereto, that it has incurred any external cost, fee or expense directly related to and as a result of the liquidity coverage ratio under Basel III in respect of its Commitment hereunder or any liquidity agreement between such Non-Conduit Lender and the Conduit Lender, or its interest in the Advances, such Non-Conduit Lender may, upon receipt of a Notice of Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.4(A) , notify the Borrower in writing by 5 00 P.M. (New York City time) two (2) Business Days prior to the Funding Date specified in such Notice of Borrowing, in substantially the form of Exhibit I hereto (a Delayed Funding Notice ), of its intent to fund (or, if applicable and if such Conduit Lender so agrees in its sole discretion, have its Conduit Lender, if applicable, fund all or part of) its allocated amount of the related Advance in an amount that would, if combined with all other requested Advances within the past thirty-five (35) days, exceed (such amount, the Delayed Amount on a Business Day that is on or before the thirty-fifth (35th) day following the date of delivery of such Non-Conduit Lender of such Delayed Funding Notice (the Delayed Funding Date rather than on the date specified in such Notice of Borrowing. If any Non-Conduit Lender provides a Delayed Funding Notice to the Borrower following the delivery by the Borrower of a Notice of Borrowing, the Borrower may revoke such Notice of Borrowing by delivering written notice of the same to the Administrative Agent and the Funding Agents by 12 00 P.M. (New York City time) on the Business Day preceding the related Funding Date. No Non-Conduit Lender that has provided a Delayed Funding Notice in respect of an Advance (a Delayed Funding Lender shall be considered to be in default of its obligation to fund its Delayed Amount pursuant to Section 2.4(D) hereunder unless and until it has failed to fund the Delayed Amount on or before the Delayed Funding Date. A Delayed Funding Lender is not obliged to fund until thirty-five (35) days have elapsed since the funding request. For the avoidance of doubt, a Delayed Funding Lender shall be required to fund its Delayed Amount regardless of the occurrence of an Amortization Event, Event of Default, Potential Amortization Event or Potential Default which occurs during the period from and including the related Funding Date to and including the related Delayed Funding Date, unless such Amortization Event, Event of Default, Potential Amortization Event or Potential Default relates to an Insolvency Event with respect to the Borrower. 
 (F) If (i) one or more Delayed Funding Lenders provide a Delayed Funding Notice to the Borrower in respect of a Notice of Borrowing and (ii) the Borrower shall not have revoked the Notice of Borrowing prior to the Business Day preceding such Funding Date, the Administrative Agent shall, by no later than 12 00 P.M. (New York City time) on the Business Day preceding such Funding Date, direct each Lender Group and each Non-Conduit Lender that is not a Delayed 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -6- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Funding Lender with respect to such Funding Date (each a Non-Delayed Funding Lender to fund an additional portion of such Advance on such Funding Date equal to such Non-Delayed Funding Lender s proportionate share (based upon such Non-Delayed Funding Lender s Commitment relative to the sum of the Commitments of all Non-Delayed Funding Lenders) of the aggregate Delayed Amounts with respect to such Funding Date provided, that in no event shall a Non-Delayed Funding Lender be required to fund any amounts in excess of its Commitment. Subject to Section 2.4(D) , in the case of a Non-Delayed Funding Lender that is a Non-Conduit Lender, such Non-Conduit Lender hereby agrees, or, in the case of a Non-Delayed Funding Lender that is a Lender Group, the Conduit Lender in such Lender Group may agree, in its sole discretion, and the Non-Conduit Lenders in such Lender Group hereby agree, to fund such portion of the Advance on such Funding Date. 
 (G) After the Non-Delayed Funding Lenders fund a Delayed Amount on any Funding Date in accordance with Section 2.4(F) , the Delayed Funding Lender in respect of such Delayed Amount will be obligated to fund an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) such Delayed Amount over (b) the amount, if any, by which the portion of any principal distribution amount paid to such Non-Delayed Funding Lenders pursuant to Section 2.7 or any decrease to the outstanding principal balance made in accordance with Section 2.8 , on any date during the period from and including such Funding Date to but excluding the Delayed Funding Date for such Delayed Amount, was greater than what it would have been had such Delayed Amount been funded by such Delayed Funding Lender on such Funding Date (the Delayed Funding Reimbursement Amount with respect to such Delayed Amount on or before its Delayed Funding Date, irrespective of whether the Borrower would be able to satisfy the conditions set forth in Section 3.2(A) to an Advance, in an amount equal to such Delayed Funding Reimbursement Amount on such Delayed Funding Date. Such Delayed Funding Lender shall fund such Delayed Funding Reimbursement Amount on such Delayed Funding Date by paying such amount to the Administrative Agent in immediately available funds, and the Administrative Agent shall distribute such funds to each such Non-Delayed Funding Lender, pro rata based on the relative amount of such Delayed Amount funded by such Non-Delayed Funding Lender on such Funding Date pursuant to Section 2.4(F) . 
 Section 2.5 Fees 
 . 
 (A) Facility Administrator Fee. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Facility Administration Agreement, the Borrower shall pay the Facility Administrator Fee to the initial Facility Administrator and after the resignation or replacement of the initial Facility Administrator, the Borrower shall pay the Facility Administrator Fee to a Successor Facility Administrator appointed in accordance with the Facility Administration Agreement. 
 (B) Verification Agent Fee. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Verification Agent Agreement, the Borrower shall pay to the Verification Agent the Verification Agent Fee. 
 (C) Paying Agent Fee. Subject to the terms and conditions of the Paying Agent Fee Letter, the Borrower shall pay to the Paying Agent the Paying Agent Fee. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -7- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(D) Unused Line Fees . Solely during the Availability Period, the Borrower agrees to pay to each Funding Agent, for the benefit of the Non-Conduit Lenders in its related Lender Group and as consideration for the Commitment of the Non-Conduit Lenders in such Lender Group, unused line fees in Dollars (the Unused Line Fee for the period from the Original Closing Date to the last day of the Availability Period, computed as (a) the applicable Unused Line Fee Percentage multiplied by (b) the average Unused Portion of the Commitments with respect to such Lender Group during a calendar quarter. Accrued Unused Line Fees shall be due and payable in arrears (from Distributable Collections as set forth and in the order of priority established pursuant to Section 2.7 on the Payment Date immediately following the last day of the applicable calendar quarter for which such fee was calculated and on the last day of the Availability Period. 
 (E) Payment of Fees. The fees set forth in Section 2.5(A) , Section 2.5(B) , Section 2.5(C) and Section 2.5(D) shall be payable on each Payment Date by the Borrower from Distributable Collections as set forth in and in the order of priority established pursuant to Section 2.7(B) . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any Transaction Document, the fees referred to in this Section 2.5 shall not constitute Confidential Information. 
 (F) Amendment Fee . Commencing on December 2, 2019, and thereafter, the Borrower shall pay to the Administrative Agent a fee of in connection with each amendment (or group of related amendments effective on the same date) to the Transaction Documents requested by it, which fee shall be in addition to the reimbursement of costs and expenses associated therewith that is provided for in Section 10.6 hereof. For the avoidance of doubt, any consent to a Proposed Form delivered by the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 5.1(X) shall not give rise to the obligation to pay the amendment fee set forth in this Section 2.5(F) so long as no amendment to any Transaction Document is required in connection with such Proposed Form as determined by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion. 
 (G) Invested Capital Payment Amount . The Borrower shall pay the Invested Capital Payment Amount on the Invested Capital Payment Date. 
 Section 2.6 Reduction Increase of the Commitments 
 . 
 (A) The Borrower may, on any Business Day, upon written notice given to the Administrative Agent and each of the Funding Agents not later than ten (10) Business Days prior to the date of the proposed action (which notice may be conditioned upon any event), terminate in whole or reduce in part, on a pro rata basis based on its Class A Lender Group Percentage or Class B Lender Group Percentage, as applicable, the Unused Portion of the Commitments with respect to each Lender Group (and on a pro rata basis with respect to each Non-Conduit Lender in such Lender Group) provided, that (i) any partial reduction shall be in the amount of or an integral multiple thereof and (ii) any Unused Portion of the Commitments so reduced may not be increased again without the written consent of the related Non-Conduit Lenders in such Lender Group. 
 (B) The Borrower may, on any Business Day upon written notice given to the Administrative Agent and each of the Funding Agents, request an increase, on a pro rata basis based on its Class A Lender Group Percentage or Class B Lender Group Percentage, as applicable, of the 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -8- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Commitments of the Non-Conduit Lender(s) in each Lender Group provided, that any increase shall be at least equal to or an integral multiple thereof but shall in no event cause the Aggregate Commitment to exceed the Maximum Facility Amount, the Class A Aggregate Commitment to exceed the Class A Maximum Facility Amount or the Class B Aggregate Commitment to exceed the Class B Maximum Facility Amount. Each Non-Conduit Lender shall, within five (5) Business Days of receipt of such request, notify the Administrative Agent and the Administrative Agent shall in turn notify the Borrower in writing (with copies to the other members of the applicable Lender Group) whether or not each Non-Conduit Lender has, in its sole discretion, agreed to increase its Commitment. If a Non-Conduit Lender does not send any notification to the Administrative Agent within such five (5) Business Day period, such Non-Conduit Lender shall be deemed to have declined to increase its Commitment. Any increase in Commitments agreed to pursuant to this Section 2.6(B) may be reduced by a Non-Conduit Lender, at any time, upon five (5) Business Days written notice to the Borrower from the Administrative Agent (with copies to the other members of the applicable Lender Group) setting forth the amount of such reduction provided , however , that such Commitment may not be reduced to an amount less than such Non-Conduit Lender s initial Commitment on the Original Closing Date (if such reduction is prior to a Takeout Transaction) or to an amount less than such Non-Conduit Lender s Commitment on or after a Takeout Transaction (if such reduction is on or after a Takeout Transaction), but may be reduced to an amount that is less than the then Aggregate Outstanding Advances. 
 Section 2.7 Repayment of the Advances 
 . 
 (A) The maturity date for this facility is the Maturity Date and notwithstanding any other provision to the contrary, the outstanding principal balance of the Advances and the other Obligations owing under this Agreement, together with all accrued but unpaid interest, shall be due and payable in full, if not due and payable earlier, on the Maturity Date. For the avoidance of doubt, amounts borrowed and repaid hereunder may be reborrowed in accordance with the terms hereof. 
 (B) On any Business Day, the Borrower may direct the Paying Agent to, and on each Payment Date, the Borrower shall direct the Paying Agent to, subject to Section 2.7(C) , apply all amounts on deposit in the Collection Account (including (x)(1)(a) Collections deposited therein during the related Collection Period and (b) any amounts due during the related Collection Period but deposited into the Collection Account within ten (10) Business Days after the end of such Collection Period that the Facility Administrator (at its option) has determined (with written notice thereof to the Paying Agent (with a copy to the Administrative Agent, each Lender and the Borrower)) to be treated as if such amounts were on deposit in the Collection Account at the end of such Collection Period, (2) amounts deposited therein from the Liquidity Reserve Account or , the Supplemental Reserve Account or the WIP Reserve Account, in each case in accordance with Section 8.2 or (3) any amounts deposited therein by a Seller or TEP Resources pursuant to the Sale and Contribution Agreement or the Parent pursuant to the Parent Guaranty, respectively, but (y) excluding Collections deposited therein in the current Collection Period except as necessary to make distributions pursuant to clauses (i) through (iii) of this Section 2.7(B) or as otherwise determined by the Facility Administrator pursuant to clause (x)(1)(a) above) (the Distributable Collections ), amounts on deposit in the Takeout Transaction Account on such Business Day representing net proceeds of any Takeout Transaction and any other amounts paid or received from 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -9- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

the Borrower, including pursuant to Section 2.11 , Section 2.12(A) and Section 2.13 , as applicable, to the Obligations in the following order of priority based solely on information contained in (I) with respect to any Payment Date, the Facility Administrator Report for such related Collection Period or, if no Facility Administrator Report is available, solely as directed in writing by the Administrative Agent or (II) with respect to any other Business Day, including the date of closing for a Takeout Transaction, on which the Borrower requests an application and distribution of funds in the Collection Account (and or Takeout Transaction Account, if applicable, or other amounts paid or received from the Borrower), an interim Facility Administrator Report or such other report in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (as confirmed by the Administrative Agent via an email sent to the Paying Agent) and the Paying Agent that is delivered by the Facility Administrator (which the Facility Administrator hereby agrees to deliver at the request of the Administrative Agent) 
 (i) first (Taxes and Service Providers) , (a) first, to the Borrower for payment to the appropriate taxing authority, the amount of taxes due and payable by the Borrower prior to the next Payment Date and for which funds have not previously been withdrawn from the Collection Account and (b) second, ratably, (i) to the Paying Agent (A) the Paying Agent Fee and (B)(x) any accrued and unpaid Paying Agent Fees with respect to prior Payment Dates plus (y) out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities of the Paying Agent incurred and not reimbursed in connection with its obligations and duties under this Agreement provided that the aggregate payments to the Paying Agent reimbursement for clauses (B)(y) will be limited to per calendar year so long as no Event of Default or Amortization Event has occurred pursuant to this Agreement (unless otherwise approved by the Majority Lenders) (ii) to the Facility Administrator, the Facility Administrator Fee, and (iii) to the Verification Agent, the Verification Agent Fee 
 (ii) second (Hedge Agreement Payments, Class A Interest Distribution Amount and Unused Line Fee , on a pari passu basis (a) to the Hedge Counterparty under each Hedge Agreement, the payment of all amounts which are due and payable by the Borrower to such Hedge Counterparty on such date (other than fees, expenses, termination payments, indemnification payments, tax payments or other similar amounts), pursuant to the terms of the applicable Hedge Agreement (net of all amounts which are due and payable by such Hedge Counterparty to the Borrower on such date pursuant to the terms of such Hedge Agreement), and (b)(I) first, to each Class A Funding Agent, for the benefit of and on behalf of the Class A Lenders in its Class A Lender Group, the Class A Interest Distribution Amount then due (allocated among the Class A Lender Groups pro rata based on the outstanding principal amount of the Class A Advances attributable to such Class A Lender Group) until paid in full and (II) second , to each Class A Funding Agent, for the benefit of and on behalf of the related Non-Conduit Lender(s) in its Class A Lender Group, the payment of the Unused Line Fee then due (allocated among the Class A Lender Groups pro rata based on the outstanding principal amount of the Class A Advances attributable to such Class A Lender Group) until paid in full 
 (iii) third (Class B Interest Distribution Amount (No Event of Default) and Unused Line Fee) , so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, (a) first, to each Class B Funding Agent, for the benefit of and on behalf of the Class B Lenders in 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -10- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

its Class B Lender Group, the Class B Interest Distribution Amount then due (allocated among the Class B Lender Groups based on their Class B Lender Group Percentages) until paid in full and (b) second , to each Class B Funding Agent, for the benefit of and on behalf of the related Non-Conduit Lender(s) in its Class B Lender Group, the payment of the Unused Line Fee then due (allocated among the Class B Lender Groups based on their Class B Lender Group Percentages) until paid in full 
 (iv) fourth (Liquidity Reserve Account and Supplemental Reserve Account) , (a) first , if the amount on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account is less than the Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance and no Amortization Event has occurred and is continuing, to the Liquidity Reserve Account until the amount on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account shall equal the Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance and (b) second to the Supplemental Reserve Account, the Supplemental Reserve Account Deposit, if any 
 (v) fifth (Availability Period Borrowing Base Deficiency) , during the Availability Period (a) first, to the extent required under Section 2.9 in connection with a Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency, to each Class A Funding Agent, on behalf of the Class A Lenders in its Class A Lender Group, for the prepayment and reduction of the outstanding principal amount of any Class A Advances, an amount equal to the amount necessary to cure such Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency (allocated ratably among the Class A Lender Groups pro rata based on the outstanding principal amount of the Class A Advances attributable to such Class A Lender Group) and (b) second, to the extent required under Section 2.9 in connection with a Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency, to each Class B Funding Agent, on behalf of the Class B Lenders in its Class B Lender Group, for the prepayment and reduction of the outstanding principal amount of any applicable Class B Advances, an amount equal to the amount necessary to cure such Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency (allocated ratably among the Class B Lender Groups pro rata based on the outstanding principal amount of the Class B Advances attributable to such Class B Lender Group) 
 (vi) sixth (Hedge Counterparty Breakage and Amortization Period Class A Lender Obligations) , on a pari passu basis (a) to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Hedge Counterparty under each Hedge Agreement, all payments which arose due to a default by the Borrower or due to any prepayments of amounts under such Hedge Agreement and all fees, expenses, indemnification payments, tax payments or other amounts (to the extent not previously paid hereunder) which are due and payable by the Borrower to such Hedge Counterparty on such date, pursuant to the terms of the applicable Hedge Agreement (net of all amounts which are due and payable by such Hedge Counterparty to the Borrower on such date pursuant to the terms of such Hedge Agreement) and (b) during the Amortization Period, to the Administrative Agent and each Class A Funding Agent on behalf of itself and the Class A Lenders in its related Class A Lender Group, all remaining amounts, for application to the principal balance of the outstanding Class A Advances and the aggregate amount of all Obligations then due from the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, such Class A Funding Agent and each such Class A Lender in the Class A Lender Group (allocated among such Obligations as selected 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -11- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

by the Administrative Agent provided that payment of the principal balance of outstanding Class A Advances shall be allocated ratably among the Class A Lender Groups pro rata based on the outstanding principal amount of the Class A Advances attributable to such Class A Lender Group) until paid in full 
 (vii) seventh (Class B Interest Distribution Amount (Event of Default)) , if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, to each Class B Funding Agent, for the benefit of and on behalf of the Class B Lenders in its Class B Lender Group, the Class B Interest Distribution Amount then due (allocated among the Class B Lender Groups based on their Class B Lender Group Percentages) until paid in full 
 (viii) eighth (Amortization Period Class B Lender Obligations Invested Capital Payment Amount) , first (i) during the Amortization Period, to each Class B Funding Agent on behalf of itself and the Class B Lenders in its related Class B Lender Group, all remaining amounts, for application to the payment of the principal balance of the outstanding Class B Advances and the aggregate amount of all Obligations then due from the Borrower to such Class B Funding Agent and each such Class B Lender in the Class B Lender Group (allocated among such Obligations as selected by the Class B Funding Agents provided that payment of the principal balance of outstanding Class B Advances shall be allocated ratably among the Class B Lender Groups based on their Class B Lender Group Percentages) until paid in full and second (ii) on the Invested Capital Payment Date, to the Class B Funding Agent, on behalf of the Class B Lenders in its Class B Lender Group, the Invested Capital Payment Amount 
 (ix) ninth (Class A Subordinated Interest Distribution Amount, Class B Subordinated Interest Distribution Amount, Class A Additional Interest Distribution Amount and Class B Additional Interest Distribution Amount) , first , to each Class A Funding Agent, for the benefit of and on behalf of the Class A Lenders that are Conduit Lenders in its Class A Lender Group, the Class A Subordinated Interest Distribution Amount then due (allocated among the applicable Class A Lender Groups pro rata based on the outstanding principal amount of the Class A Advances attributable to such Class A Lender Group) until paid in full, second , to each Class B Funding Agent, for the benefit of and on behalf of the Class B Lenders that are Conduit Lenders in its Class B Lender Group, the Class B Subordinated Interest Distribution Amount then due (allocated among the applicable Class B Lender Groups pro rata based on the outstanding principal amount of the Class B Advances attributable to such Class B Lender Group) until paid in full, third , to each Class A Funding Agent, for the benefit of and on behalf of the Class A Lenders in its Class A Lender Group, the Class A Additional Interest Distribution Amount then due (allocated among the Class A Lender Groups pro rata based on the outstanding principal amount of the Class A Advances attributable to such Class A Lender Group) until paid in full, and fourth , to each Class B Funding Agent, for the benefit of and on behalf of the Class B Lenders in its Class B Lender Group, the Class B Additional Interest Distribution Amount then due (allocated among the Class B Lender Groups based on their Class B Lender Group Percentages) 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -12- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(x) tenth (Lender Fees and Expenses) , first , to the Administrative Agent and each Class A Funding Agent on behalf of itself and the Class A Lenders in its related Class A Lender Group, the payment of, without duplication, all Breakage Costs, all Liquidation Fees, all Broken Funding Costs and all other amounts (other than those already provided for above) due and payable by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent, such Class A Funding Agent and such Class A Lenders (solely in their capacity as a Class A Lender) hereunder or under any other Transaction Document until paid in full and second , to each Class B Funding Agent on behalf of itself and the Class B Lenders in its related Class B Lender Group, the payment of, without duplication, all Breakage Costs, all Liquidation Fees, all Broken Funding Costs and all other amounts (other than those already provided for above) due and payable by the Borrower to such Class B Funding Agent and such Class B Lenders (solely in their capacity as a Class B Lender) hereunder or under any other Transaction Document until paid in full 
 (xi) eleventh (All Other Obligations) , to each Class A Funding Agent on behalf of itself and the Class A Lenders in its related Class A Lender Group, to each Class B Funding Agent on behalf of itself and the Class B Lenders in its related Class B Lender Group and to the Administrative Agent on behalf of any other applicable party, the ratable payment of all other Obligations that are past due and or payable to such party on such date 
 (xii) twelfth (Service Provider Indemnities) , ratably, to the Paying Agent, the Verification Agent and or the Facility Administrator, any indemnification, expenses, fees or other obligations owed to the Paying Agent, the Verification Agent and or the Facility Administrator, respectively (including out-of-pocket expenses and indemnities of the Paying Agent and the Verification Agent not paid pursuant to clause (i) above and any Facility Administrator Fees, Paying Agent Fees or Verification Agent Fees not paid pursuant to clause (i) above), pursuant to the Transaction Documents 
 (xiii) thirteenth (Eligible Letter of Credit Bank), to each Eligible Letter of Credit Bank or other party as directed by the Facility Administrator (a) any fees and expenses related to a Letter of Credit and (b) any amounts which have been drawn under a Letter of Credit and any interest due thereon and 
 (xiv) fourteenth (Remainder) , (a) if a WIP Reserve Period is in effect, then (I) first , to the extent the amount on deposit in the WIP Reserve Account is less than the WIP Reserve Account Required Balance, all Distributable Collections remaining in the Collection Account after giving effect to the preceding distributions in this Section 2.7(B) until the amount on deposit in the WIP Reserve Account shall equal the WIP Reserve Account Required Balance and (II) second , all Distributable Collections remaining in the Collection Account after giving effect to the preceding distribution in clause (I) and the other preceding distributions in this Section 2.7(B) to the Borrower s Account (to cover any other expenses of the Borrower or to make distributions on behalf of the Borrower) or (b) if a WIP Reserve Period is not in effect , all Distributable Collections remaining in the Collection Account after giving effect to the preceding distributions in this Section 2.7(B) 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -13- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

to the Borrower s Account (to cover any other expenses of the Borrower or to make distributions on behalf of the Borrower). 
 (C) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 2.7 or Section 8.2 , the Paying Agent shall not be obligated to make any determination or calculation with respect to the payments or allocations to be made pursuant to either of such Sections, and in making the payments and allocations required under such Sections, the Paying Agent shall be entitled to rely exclusively and conclusively upon the information in the latest Facility Administrator Report (or such other report or direction signed by the Administrative Agent) received by the Paying Agent pursuant to either such Section prior to the applicable payment date. Any payment direction to be acted upon by the Paying Agent pursuant to either such Section on a payment date other than a Payment Date shall be delivered to the Paying Agent at least two (2) Business Days prior to the date on which any payment is to be made. 
 Section 2.8 Certain Prepayments 
 . 
 (A) The Borrower may at any time upon written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Funding Agents and the Paying Agent, and subject to the priority of payments set forth in this Section 2.8 , prepay all or any portion of the balance of the principal amount of the Class A Advances or the Class B Advances based on the outstanding principal amounts thereof, which notice shall be given at least two (2) Business Days prior to the proposed date of such prepayment. If such prepayment is not being made in connection with a Takeout Transaction, such prepayment (which need not be on a Payment Date) shall be accompanied by (a) the payment of all accrued but unpaid interest on the amounts to be so prepaid, (b) any Liquidation Fee in connection with such prepayment if such prepayment is not made on a Payment Date and (c) all payments which arise due to any prepayments of amounts under a Hedge Agreement, pursuant to the terms of the applicable Hedge Agreement (net of all amounts which are due and payable by such Hedge Counterparty to the Borrower on such date pursuant to the terms of such Hedge Agreement) (which amounts shall be paid to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Hedge Counterparty under each Hedge Agreement). Prepayments made in accordance with this Section shall be applied (i) in the absence of an Event of Default or Amortization Event, ratably to the outstanding principal amount of Class A Advances, Class B Advances and any Hedge Counterparties and (ii) if an Event of Default or Amortization Event has occurred and is continuing, (a) first , on a pari passu basis (I) to reduce the outstanding principal amount of Class A Advances and (II) to any Hedge Counterparties and (b) second , to reduce the outstanding principal amount of Class B Advances. If such prepayment is being made in connection with a Takeout Transaction, such prepayment shall be not less than the amount required by the definition of Takeout Transaction . 
 (B) The Borrower shall deposit all proceeds of any Takeout Transaction (net of reasonable fees, taxes, commissions, premiums and expenses incurred by the Borrower in connection with such Takeout Transaction so long as such deposit is greater than or equal to the Minimum Payoff Amount) into the Takeout Transaction Account, and the Paying Agent shall apply such proceeds to prepay the applicable Class A Advances and Class B Advances made in respect of the Collateral that is subject to such Takeout Transaction and make other related payments in accordance with Section 2.7(B) , including any such payments due to the Paying Agent. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -14- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Section 2.9 Mandatory Prepayments of Advances 
 . On any date that the Borrower either (a) obtains knowledge that (i) as of any prior Funding Date, any prior Payment Date or date on which a prepayment was made in accordance with Section 2.8 or (ii) in connection with the delivery of a Borrowing Base Certificate for an upcoming Funding Date, Payment Date or date on which a prepayment is to made in accordance with Section 2.8 , or (b) receives notice from the Administrative Agent (with calculations set forth in reasonable detail), that as of any Funding Date, Payment Date or date on which a prepayment is made in accordance with Section 2.8 , (i) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Class A Advances exceeds the lesser of (x) the amount of the Class A Aggregate Commitment in effect as of such date (without giving effect to or treating as outstanding any Advance that was approved pursuant to Section 2.18(A) and (y) the Class A Borrowing Base (the occurrence of any such excess being referred to herein as a Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency ), or (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of all Class B Advances exceeds the lesser of (x) the amount of the Class B Aggregate Commitment in effect as of such date (without giving effect to or treating as outstanding any Advance that was approved pursuant to Section 2.18(A) and (y) the Class B Borrowing Base (the occurrence of any such excess being referred to herein as a Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency and together with the Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency, a Borrowing Base Deficiency ), the Borrower shall pay to the Class A Funding Agent and or the Class B Funding Agent, as applicable, for the account of its Lender Group the amount of any such excess (to be applied to the reduction of the applicable Advances ratably among all applicable Lender Groups based on their Lender Group Percentages to the extent necessary to cure such Borrowing Base Deficiency), together with accrued but unpaid interest on the amount required to be so prepaid to the date of such prepayment and any Liquidation Fee in connection with such prepayment if such prepayment is not made on a Payment Date . provided that such payment may be made by the Borrower through the application of amounts contributed to the Borrower by Parent or its applicable Affiliate for such purpose, through the Borrower s application of amounts in the Borrower s Account (or, based on an interim Facility Administrator Report, expected to be remitted thereto on the next Payment Date pursuant to Section 2.7(B)(xiv)(B)) or through a combination of the foregoing. 
 Section 2.10 Reserved 
 . 
 Section 2.11 Interest 
 (a) . The makers of the Advances shall be entitled to the applicable Interest Distribution Amount payable on each Payment Date in accordance with Section 2.7(B) . The Borrower acknowledges and agrees that any Non-Conduit Lender, or any Affiliate of such Non-Conduit Lender may, from time to time (but without any obligation) purchase and hold Commercial Paper issued by its related Conduit Lender for its own account, regardless of any difference between the Commercial Paper Rate (expressed as an interest rate per annum) and the then-current Benchmark. 
 Section 2.12 Breakage Costs Liquidation Fees Broken Funding Costs Increased Costs Capital Adequacy Illegality Additional Indemnifications 
 . 
 (A) Breakage Costs, Liquidation Fees and Broken Funding Costs . The Borrower hereby agrees to pay to each applicable Lender, without duplication, (i) Breakage Costs, if any, if any 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -15- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Advance is not made on the date specified by the Borrower for any reason other than default by the Lenders, (ii) Liquidation Fees associated with a reduction of the principal balance of a Class A Advance or Class B Advance at any time and (iii) Broken Funding Costs in accordance with the definition thereof. The Borrower shall not be responsible for any Liquidation Fees, any Broken Funding Costs or any other loss, cost, or expenses arising at the time of, and arising solely as a result of, any assignment made pursuant to Section 10.8 and the reallocation of any portion of a Class A Advance or Class B Advance of the applicable Lender making such assignment unless, in each case, such assignment is requested by the Borrower. 
 (B) Increased Costs . If any Change in Law (a) shall subject any Lender, the Administrative Agent or any Affiliate thereof (each of which, an Affected Party to any Taxes (other than (x) Indemnified Taxes, (y) Taxes described in clauses (ii) through (iv) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (z) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, hedging agreements, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto, (b) shall impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve requirement (including any reserve requirement imposed by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System), special deposit or similar requirement against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Affected Party, or (c) shall impose any other condition affecting the Collateral or the rights of any Lender and the Administrative Agent hereunder, the result of which is to increase the cost to any Affected Party under this Agreement or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by an Affected Party under this Agreement, then on the next Payment Date after written demand by such Affected Party, such Affected Party shall receive such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Affected Party for such additional or increased cost incurred or such reduction suffered to the extent such additional or increased costs or reduction are incurred or suffered in connection with the Collateral, any obligation to make Advances hereunder, any of the rights of such Lender or the Administrative Agent hereunder, or any payment made hereunder in accordance with Section 2.7(B) provided , that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate such Affected Party for any portion of such additional or increased cost or such reduction that is incurred more than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to any such demand (except that, if the event giving rise to such additional or increased cost or such reduction is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 (C) Capital Adequacy. If any Change in Law has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on the capital of any Affected Party including by imposing any liquidity requirements on any Affected Party as a consequence of its obligations hereunder or arising in connection herewith to a level below that which any such Affected Party could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration the policies of such Affected Party with respect to capital adequacy) by an amount deemed by such Affected Party to be material, then from time to time, then on the next Payment Date after written demand by such Affected Party (which demand shall be accompanied by a statement setting forth the basis for such demand), such Affected Party shall receive such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Affected Party for such reduction in accordance with Section 2.7(B) provided , that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate such Affected Party for any portion of such additional amount or amounts that are incurred more than one hundred eighty (180) days prior to any such demand (except that, if the event 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -16- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

giving rise to such additional amount or amounts is retroactive, then the 180-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof). 
 (D) Certificates for Reimbursement. A certificate of an Affected Party setting forth the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Affected Party as specified in Section 2.12(B) or Section 2.12(C) and delivered to the Borrower, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (E) Defaulting Lender. 
 (i) If any Lender is a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower, at its sole expense may, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender subject to this Section 2.12(E) to assign and delegate, without recourse, all its interests, rights and obligations under this Agreement and under the Advances, and Commitments of the Lender being replaced hereunder to an assignee that shall assume all those rights and obligations provided , however , that (x) such assignment shall not conflict with any law, rule or regulation or order of any court or other Governmental Authority having valid jurisdiction, (y) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which consent shall not be unreasonably withheld or delayed and (z) the Borrower or such assignee shall have paid to the replaced Lender in immediately available funds an amount equal to the sum of the principal of and interest accrued to the date of such payment on the outstanding Advances of such Lender plus all fees and other amounts accrued for the account of such Lender hereunder with respect thereto. 
 A Lender subject to this Section 2.12(E) shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if prior to any such assignment and delegation the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation have ceased to apply. 
 Each party hereto agrees that (a) an assignment required pursuant to this Section 2.12(E) may be effected pursuant to an Assignment Agreement and (b) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party to such Assignment Agreement in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof provided that, following the effectiveness of any such Assignment Agreement, the other parties to such Assignment Agreement agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender, provided , further , that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 The Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby agree to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the assignment of any Defaulting Lender s interest hereunder. 
 (ii) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then, until such time as such Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law 
 (a) Such Defaulting Lender s right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent with respect to this Agreement shall be restricted as set forth in the definition of Majority Lenders and Section 10.2(D) . 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -17- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(b) Any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Defaulting Lender (whether voluntary or mandatory, at maturity, pursuant to Article VI or otherwise) or received by the Administrative Agent from a Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 10.7(A) shall be applied at such time or times as may be determined by the Administrative Agent as follows first , to the payment of any amounts owing by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent hereunder second , as the Borrower may request (so long as no Potential Default or Event of Default exists), to the funding of any Advance in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has failed to fund its portion thereof as required by this Agreement, as determined by the Administrative Agent third , if so determined by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, to be held in a deposit account and released pro rata in order to satisfy such Defaulting Lender s potential future funding obligations with respect to Advances under this Agreement fourth , to the payment of any amounts owing to the Lenders as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by any Lender against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement fifth , so long as no Potential Default or Event of Default exists, to the payment of any amounts owing to the Borrower as a result of any judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction obtained by the Borrower against such Defaulting Lender as a result of such Defaulting Lender s breach of its obligations under this Agreement and sixth , to such Defaulting Lender or as otherwise directed by a court of competent jurisdiction provided that if (x) such payment is a payment of the principal amount of any Advances in respect of which such Defaulting Lender has not fully funded its appropriate share, and (y) such Advances were made at a time when the conditions set forth in Section 3.2 were satisfied or waived, such payment shall be applied solely to pay the Advances of all applicable non-Defaulting Lenders on a pro rata basis prior to being applied to the payment of any Advances of such Defaulting Lender until such time as all Advances are held by the applicable Lenders pro rata in accordance with the applicable Commitments. Any payments, prepayments or other amounts paid or payable to a Defaulting Lender that are applied (or held) to pay amounts owed by a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this Section 2.12 shall be deemed paid to and redirected by such Defaulting Lender and each Lender irrevocably consents hereto. 
 (c) No Defaulting Lender shall be entitled to receive any Unused Line Fee for any period during which that Lender is a Defaulting Lender (and the Borrower shall not be required to pay any such fee that otherwise would have been required to have been paid to that Defaulting Lender). 
 (iii) If the Borrower and the Administrative Agent agree in writing that a Lender is no longer a Defaulting Lender, the Administrative Agent will so notify the parties hereto, whereupon as of the effective date specified in such notice and subject to any conditions set forth therein, that such Lender will, to the extent applicable, purchase at par that portion of outstanding Advances of the other Lenders or take such other actions as the Administrative Agent may determine to be necessary to cause the Advances to be held pro rata by the Lenders in accordance with the Commitments, whereupon, such Lender will cease to be a 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -18- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Defaulting Lender provided that no adjustments will be made retroactively with respect to fees accrued or payments made by or on behalf of the Borrower while that Lender was a Defaulting Lender and provided , further , that except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no change hereunder from Defaulting Lender to Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. 
 (iv) The Borrower may terminate the unused amount of the Commitment of any Lender that is a Defaulting Lender upon not less than three (3) Business Days prior notice to the Administrative Agent (which shall promptly notify the Lenders thereof), and in such event the provisions of Section 2.12(E)(ii)(b) will apply to all amounts thereafter paid by the Borrower for the account of such Defaulting Lender under this Agreement (whether on account of principal, interest, fees, indemnity or other amounts) provided that (i) no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, and (ii) such termination shall not be deemed to be a waiver or release of any claim the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have against such Defaulting Lender. 
 (F) Calculation . In determining any amount provided for in this Section 2.12 , the Affected Party may use any reasonable averaging and attribution methods. Any Affected Party making a claim under this Section 2.12 shall submit to the Borrower a certificate as to such additional or increased cost or reduction, which certificate shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 Section 2.13 Payments and Computations 
 . 
 (A) The Borrower (through the Paying Agent pursuant to Section 2.7(B) and as otherwise permitted in this Agreement) shall make each payment and prepayment hereunder and under the Advances in respect of principal, interest, expenses, indemnities, fees or other Obligations due from the Borrower not later than 4 00 P.M. (New York City time) on the day when due in U.S. Dollars to the related Funding Agent at its address referred to in Section 10.3 or to such account provided by such Funding Agent in immediately available, same-day funds. Payments on Obligations may also be made by application of funds in the Collection Account or the Takeout Transaction Account as provided in Section 2.7(B) , as applicable. All computations of interest for Advances shall be made by the related Funding Agent, who shall notify the Facility Administrator, the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of any determination thereof on or prior to the payment thereof pursuant to Section 2.7(B) , as applicable. All computations of interest for Advances made under the Base Rate or the Commercial Paper Rate shall be made by the applicable Funding Agent on the basis of a year of 365 or 366 days, as the case may be, and actual days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest is payable. All other computations of fees and interest provided hereunder shall be made on the basis of a 360-day year and actual days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day) occurring in the period for which such interest is payable. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each determination by a Funding Agent of an interest rate hereunder shall be subject to the approval of the Administrative Agent. 
 (B) All payments to be made in respect of fees, if any, due to the Administrative Agent from the Borrower hereunder shall be made on the date when due without presentment, demand, 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -19- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

protest or notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by the Borrower, and without setoff, counterclaim or other deduction of any nature (other than with respect to Taxes pursuant to Section 2.17 ), and an action therefor shall immediately accrue. The Borrower agrees that, to the extent there are insufficient funds in the Administrative Agent s Account, to make any payment under this clause (B) when due, the Borrower shall immediately pay to the Administrative Agent all amounts due that remain unpaid. 
 Section 2.14 Payment on Non-Business Days 
 . Whenever any payment hereunder or under the Advances shall be stated to be due on a day other than a Business Day, such payment shall be made on the next succeeding Business Day, and such extension of time shall in such case be included in the computation of payment of interest. 
 Section 2.15 Inability to Determine Rates 
 . 
 (A) Subject to clauses (B), (D), (E), (F) and (G) of this Section 2.15 , if prior to the commencement of any Interest Accrual Period 
 (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error) that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Benchmark (including because any screen rate necessary to determine such rate is not available or published on a current basis), for such Interest Accrual Period (or for such day) provided that no Benchmark Transition Event shall have occurred at such time with respect to such Benchmark or 
 (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by any Lender(s) that the applicable Benchmark for such Interest Accrual Period (or for such day) will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Advance(s) for such Interest Accrual Period (or for such day) provided that no Lender shall make such determination unless such Lender is generally making similar determinations upon, or otherwise similarly enforcing its agreements with, companies of substantially the same industry as the Borrower and provided further that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose confidential information about any other borrowers 
 then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders by telephone, telecopy or electronic mail as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist, the interest rate applicable to Advances that would otherwise be funded or maintained based on the applicable Benchmark shall be the Base Rate. 
 (B) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -20- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5 00 P.M. (New York City time) on the fifth (5 th Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Transaction Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from the Majority Lenders. For purpose of this Section 2.15, the term Transaction Documents shall not include any Hedge Agreements. 
 (C) Reserved . 
 (D) In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement, the Administrative Agent will have the right (in consultation with the Borrower) to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 
 (E) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause (f) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period provided that any failure by the Administrative Agent to so notify the Borrower and or any Lender shall not affect the Administrative Agent s right to take or refrain from taking any action permitted under this Section 2.15 . Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.15 , including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.15 . 
 (F) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Transaction Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including Term SOFR) and either (a) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion (in consultation with the Borrower) or (b) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -21- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(in consultation with the Borrower) may modify the definition of Interest Accrual Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (a) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (b) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Borrower) may modify the definition of Interest Accrual Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. 
 (G) Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period, any Advance that would otherwise be funded or maintained based on the relevant Benchmark shall during such Benchmark Unavailability Period instead be funded or maintained based on the Base Rate. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of the Base Rate based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of the Base Rate. 
 (H) If any Lender determines that requirement of Law or any change therein or in the interpretation or application thereof, shall hereafter make it unlawful for such Lender to make or maintain Advances with respect to which the Cost of Funds is based on the Benchmark as contemplated hereunder, (i) the obligation of the related Non-Conduit Lender hereunder to make an Advance with respect to which the Cost of Funds is based on the Benchmark shall be suspended forthwith and (ii) the Cost of Funds with respect to any outstanding Advances shall, if necessary to avoid such illegality, automatically be converted to the Base Rate on the last day of the then current Interest Accrual Period or within such earlier period as required by Law, in each case until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. The Borrower hereby agrees to promptly pay to each Lender, upon demand, any additional amounts necessary to compensate such Lender for any reasonable and documented costs incurred by such Lender in making any conversion in accordance with this Agreement, including, without limitation, any interest or fees payable by such Lender to lenders of funds obtained by it in order to make or maintain the Advances hereunder. Such Lender s notice of such costs, as certified to the Borrower, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 Section 2.16 Extension of the Scheduled Commitment Termination Date or Facility Maturity Date 
 . No earlier than ninety (90) days, and no later than sixty (60) days, prior to the then Scheduled Commitment Termination Date or Facility Maturity Date, the Borrower may deliver written notice to the Administrative Agent and each Funding Agent requesting an extension of such Scheduled Commitment Termination Date or Facility Maturity Date, as applicable. The Administrative Agent shall respond to such request no later than thirty (30) days following the date of its receipt of such request, indicating whether it is considering such request and preliminary conditions precedent to any extension of the Scheduled Commitment Termination Date or the Facility Maturity Date, as applicable, as the Administrative Agent determines to include in such response. The Administrative Agent s failure to respond to a request delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section 2.16 shall not be deemed to constitute any agreement by the Administrative Agent to any such extension. The granting of any extension of the Scheduled Commitment 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -22- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Termination Date or the Facility Maturity Date, as applicable, requested by the Borrower shall be in the mutual discretion of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (on behalf of the Lenders with the consent of all Lender Groups). 
 Section 2.17 Taxes 
 . 
 (A) Defined Terms . For purposes of this Section 2.17 the term applicable Law includes FATCA. 
 (B) Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Transaction Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable Law. If any applicable Law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the Borrower shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17 the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. 
 (C) Payment of Other Taxes by the Borrower. The Borrower shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable Law, or at the option of a Funding Agent timely reimburse it for the payment of, any Other Taxes. 
 (D) Indemnification by the Borrower . The Borrower shall indemnify each Recipient, within ten days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section 2.17 payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Recipient (with a copy to each Funding Agent), or by a Funding Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Recipient, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. 
 (E) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Non-Conduit Lender shall severally indemnify each Funding Agent, within ten days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Non-Conduit Lender (but only to the extent that the Borrower has not already indemnified such Funding Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Borrower to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 10.8(D) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Non-Conduit Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by a Funding Agent in connection with any Transaction Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -23- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

liability delivered to any Non-Conduit Lender by its Funding Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Non-Conduit Lender hereby authorizes its Funding Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Non-Conduit Lender under any Transaction Document or otherwise payable by such Funding Agent to the Non-Conduit Lender from any other source against any amount due to such Funding Agent under this paragraph (E). 
 (F) Evidence of Payments . As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by the Borrower to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17 , the Borrower shall deliver to each Funding Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to such Funding Agent. 
 (G) Status of Recipients. 
 G) Status of Recipients. i) Any Recipient that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Transaction Document shall deliver to the Borrower, the Paying Agent and the related Funding Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower, the Paying Agent or such Funding Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower, the Paying Agent or such Funding Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Recipient, if reasonably requested by the Borrower, the Paying Agent or the related Funding Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable Law or reasonably requested by the Borrower, the Paying Agent or such Funding Agent as will enable the Borrower, the Paying Agent or such Funding Agent to determine whether or not such Recipient is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in clauses (ii)(a), (ii)(b) and (ii)(d) below) shall not be required if in the Recipient s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Recipient to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Recipient. 
 (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, 
 (a) any Recipient that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower, the Paying Agent and the related Funding Agent on or prior to the date on which such Recipient becomes a Recipient under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower, the Paying Agent or such Funding Agent), executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 certifying that such Recipient is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax 
 (b) any Recipient that is not a U.S. Person shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower, the Paying Agent and the related Funding Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the Borrower, the Paying Agent or such Funding Agent) on or prior to the date on which such Recipient 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -24- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

becomes a Recipient under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower, the Paying Agent or such Funding Agent), whichever of the following is applicable 
 1. (1) in the case of a Recipient claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the United States is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Transaction Document, executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or any successor forms) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Transaction Document, Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or any successor forms) establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty 
 2. (2) executed copies of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (or any successor form) 
 3. (3) in the case of a Recipient claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Internal Revenue Code, (x) a certificate to the effect that such Recipient is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code, or a controlled foreign corporation related to the Borrower as described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Internal Revenue Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or any successor forms) or 
 4. (4) to the extent a Recipient is not the beneficial owner, executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-8IMY (or any successor form), accompanied by Internal Revenue Service Form W-8ECI (or any successor form), Internal Revenue Service Form W-8BEN or W-8BEN-E (or any successor forms), a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate, Internal Revenue Service Form W-9, and or other certification documents from each beneficial owner, as applicable provided that if the Recipient is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Recipient are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Recipient may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner 
 (c) any Recipient which is not a U.S. Person shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower, the Paying Agent and the related Funding Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Recipient becomes a Recipient under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower, the 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -25- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Paying Agent or such Funding Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable Law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable Law to permit the Borrower, the Paying Agent or such Funding Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made 
 (d) if a payment made to a Recipient under any Transaction Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Recipient were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Internal Revenue Code, as applicable), such Recipient shall deliver to the Borrower, the Paying Agent and the related Funding Agent at the time or times prescribed by Law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower, the Paying Agent or such Funding Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable Law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Internal Revenue Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower, the Paying Agent or such Funding Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower, the Paying Agent and such Funding Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Recipient has complied with such Recipient s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount, if any, to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (d), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement and 
 (e) on or before the date hereof the Administrative Agent, and on or before the date each Funding Agent becomes a Funding Agent hereunder (and, in each case, from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower), the Administrative Agent or such Funding Agent, as applicable, shall (1) deliver to the Borrower an executed IRS Form W-9 certifying that it is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding Tax or (2) a U.S. branch withholding certificate on IRS Form W-8IMY (or any successor form) evidencing its agreement with the Borrower to be treated as a U.S. Person (with respect to amounts received on account of any Lender) and IRS Form W-8ECI (or any successor forms) (with respect to amounts received on its own account), with the effect that, in any case, the Borrower will be entitled to make payments hereunder to the Administrative Agent or such Funding Agent without withholding or deduction on account of U.S. federal withholding Tax. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Funding Agents agree that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification. 
 Each Recipient agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower, the Paying Agent and the related Funding Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -26- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(H) Forms for Paying Agent. The Administrative Agent and each Funding Agent shall deliver to the Paying Agent on or before the first Payment Date, executed originals of Internal Revenue Service Form W-9 or W-8, as applicable, certifying that the Administrative Agent or such Funding Agent is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax. The Administrative Agent and each Funding Agent agrees that if such Internal Revenue Service Form previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or promptly notify the Paying Agent and the Borrower in writing of its legal inability to do so. 
 (I) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 2.17 ), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (I) plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (I), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (I) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts with respect to such Tax had never been paid. This paragraph shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. 
 (J) Survival . Each party s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of a Funding Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Transaction Document. 
 Section 2.18 Request for Borrowing Exceeding Aggregate Commitment Increase to Aggregate Commitments 
 . 
 (A) Request for Borrowing Exceeding Existing Aggregate Commitment . 
 (i) Notice . The Borrower may, from time to time during the Availability Period, prior to the issuance of a Notice of Borrowing, send a written notice to the Administrative Agent and each Lender Group setting forth the Borrower s intent to request a borrowing that will cause the Aggregate Outstanding Advances to exceed the Aggregate Commitment (but not the (i) Maximum Facility Amount, (ii) with respect to the Class A Lenders, the Class A Maximum Facility Amount and (iii) with respect to the Class B Lenders, the Class B Maximum Facility Amount then in effect. Such notice shall be sent 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -27- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

no later than five (5) Business Days prior to the date on which the Borrower intends to send the related Notice of Borrowing and shall set forth the amount by which the sum of the Aggregate Outstanding Advances (after giving effect to such borrowing) will exceed the Aggregate Commitment and the related Funding Date. 
 (ii) Approval Disapproval . Upon receipt of the notice described in Section 2.18(A)(i) by the Funding Agents, each Funding Agent shall, no later than five (5) Business Days after receipt thereof, obtain the written approval or disapproval of each Non-Conduit Lender in the related Lender Group regarding the requested Advances, which approval shall be granted or not granted in the sole discretion of the Non-Conduit Lenders. If the making of the requested Advances is approved by each of the Non-Conduit Lenders so requested, the Borrower shall, in accordance with procedures set forth in Section 2.4 , send the related Notice of Borrowing. Any approved Advances to be made by the Lenders in the related Lender Group shall be funded within such Lender Group pursuant to any allocation as agreed to by all of the members of such Lender Group. If the making of the requested Advances is not approved by any Non-Conduit Lender so requested, then the Borrower shall, prior to sending its Notice of Borrowing, modify the same in a manner sufficient to ensure that the requested borrowing does not cause the Aggregate Outstanding Advances to exceed the Aggregate Commitment then in effect, as applicable. If the making of the requested Advances is approved by one or more Non-Conduit Lenders so requested and not approved by one or more Non-Conduit Lender so requested, the approving Non-Conduit Lenders shall have the right, but not the obligation, to make all or a portion of the Advance requested of the non-approving Non-Conduit Lenders, and the Borrower shall, in accordance with procedures set forth in Section 2.4 , send the related Notice of Borrowing. 
 (iii) Commitment . For the avoidance of doubt, if the making of an Advance by a Lender Group that would cause the Aggregate Outstanding Advances to exceed the Aggregate Commitment, as applicable, is approved, each Non-Conduit Lender s Commitment shall be increased solely to the extent such Non-Conduit Lender approved the Advance. Each Non-Conduit Lender s Commitment shall otherwise remain as set forth on Exhibit E unless increased and or reduced from time to time in accordance with Section 2.6 or Section 2.18(B) or amended in connection with assignments made by a Non-Conduit Lender pursuant to Section 10.8 . Moreover, the Borrower must go through the procedures described in Section 2.18(A)(i) and Section 2.18(A)(ii) each time a request for an Advance is made which would cause the sum of all outstanding Advances to exceed the Aggregate Commitment, as applicable. 
 (iv) Nothing set forth in this Section 2.18(A) requires a Conduit Lender to make any Advance provided , however , a Conduit Lender may, in its sole discretion, make the Advance requested pursuant to this Section 2.18(A) for its Lender Group. Any Advance approved pursuant to this Section 2.18(A) shall be made pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.2 and Section 2.4 . 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -28- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(B) Increase to Aggregate Commitments. 
 (i) Request to Increase to Aggregate Commitments . (a) In addition to its right to request borrowings in excess of the Aggregate Commitment as specified in Section 2.18(A) , the Borrower shall also have the right during the Availability Period to send a written request to the Administrative Agent that the Aggregate Commitment be increased by adding to this Agreement one or more other non-conduit lenders or lender groups with a non-conduit lender (which may include any existing Non-Conduit Lender) (each such lender an Additional Lender provided , that each such Additional Lender (and the other members of its proposed lender group, if applicable) shall have entered into an Assignment Agreement or a joinder agreement or other similar agreement in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and Borrower pursuant to which such Additional Lender shall (1) undertake a Commitment (and if any such Additional Lender is an existing Non-Conduit Lender, such Commitment shall be in addition to its existing Commitment hereunder), (2) identify the other members of its proposed lender group, and (3) provide the other information specified in the Assignment Agreement or form of joinder agreement and as is requested by the Administrative Agent or the Paying Agent. Such Additional Lender shall thereupon become a Non-Conduit Lender and the members of its Lender Group (if applicable) shall become party hereto for all purposes of this Agreement upon the effectiveness of such Assignment Agreement or form of joinder agreement or other approved agreement (the date of the effectiveness of any such agreement being hereinafter referred to as the Increased Commitment Date ). 
 (b) On the Increased Commitment Date, each Additional Lender (or its Lender Group if applicable) shall by assignments from the other Lender Groups (which assignments shall be deemed to occur hereunder automatically in the amounts set forth in a flow of funds memorandum related to such Increased Commitment Date approved by the Administrative Agent and each affected Lender, and without any requirement for additional documentation, on the Increased Commitment Date) acquire a portion of the Advances of the other Non-Conduit Lenders or Lender Groups (and the Lender Groups shall, through the Administrative Agent, make such other adjustments among themselves as shall be necessary) so that after giving effect to such assignments and adjustments each Non-Conduit Lender (or its Lender Group, as applicable) shall hold outstanding Advances hereunder ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments. 
 (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any increase in the Aggregate Commitments pursuant to this Section 2.18(B) shall be effective only if 
 5. (1) the Availability Period shall not have expired 
 6. (2) no Potential Default or Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing as of the date of the notice referred to in the foregoing clause (a) or as of the Increased Commitment Date 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -29- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

7. (3) no Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency, Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency, Borrowing Base Deficiency, Potential Default or Event of Default shall result after giving effect to such increase 
 8. (4) the Administrative Agent shall have approved the related Additional Lenders referred by the Borrower and 
 9. (5) to the extent such increase in the Aggregate Commitments would require the parties hereto to enter into an amendment pursuant to Section 10.2 , all applicable parties shall have consented to such amendment pursuant to Section 10.2 . 
 (ii) Adjustments for Syndication . If the Administrative Agent reasonably determines in connection with any request made by the Borrower under Section 2.18(B)(i) that (a) bring-down legal opinions, closing certificates or other documents or due diligence is necessary in order to complete same and or (b)(1) increases in the Class A Usage Fee Margin, the Class B Usage Fee Margin or the Unused Line Fee Percentage, (2) increases to, or additional, upfront fees, commitment fees or structuring fees, (3) reductions in the Borrowing Base, the Class A Borrowing Base or the Class B Borrowing Base, or any changes to the components of such definitions, or (4) any other changes in the pricing, amount, terms, allocation or structure of the transactions contemplated in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, are necessary in order to secure the requested increase in Aggregate Commitment by such Additional Lender, the Borrower agrees to negotiate in good faith regarding such changes or deliverables but shall not be required to accept any such changes or provide such deliverables. Nothing in this clause (ii) shall limit the application of Section 10.2 . 
 (iii) Right of First Refusal . Notwithstanding the foregoing in this Section 2.18(B) or otherwise, prior to accepting the offer of any Additional Lender to participate in an increase in the Class B Commitments (except, for the avoidance of doubt, any existing Lender), the Borrower agrees to first give the existing Class B Lenders ten (10) Business Days to express interest in participating in the requested Commitment increase and an additional ten (10) Business Days from the expression of interest to confirm internal credit approval. 
 Section 2.19 Mitigation Obligations Replacement of Lenders 
 . 
 (A) Designation of a Different Lending Office . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.12(B) or Section 2.12(C) , or requires the Borrower to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 , then such Lender shall (at the request of the Borrower) use reasonable efforts to, as applicable, designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Advances hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Section 2.12(B) , Section 2.12(C) or Section 2.17 , as the case 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -30- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

may be, in the future, and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. 
 (B) Replacement of Lenders . If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.12(B) or Section 2.12(C) , or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17 and, in each case, such Lender has declined or is unable to designate a different lending or issuing office in accordance with clause (A) of this Section 2.19 , or if any Lender is a Non-Consenting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in, and consents required by, Section 10.8 ), all of its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Section 2.12(B) , Section 2.12(C) or Section 2.17 and obligations under this Agreement and the related Transaction Documents to a Lender Affiliate or any other Permitted Assignee (if a Lender Affiliate is not available) that meets the requirements of Section 10.8 that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if such Lender accepts such assignment) provided that 
 (i) the Borrower shall have paid to the Administrative Agent the assignment fees (if any) specified in Section 10.8 
 (ii) such Lender shall have received, as applicable, payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Advances, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents (including any amounts under Section 2.12(A) from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) 
 (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.12(B) or Section 2.12(C) or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17 , such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments thereafter 
 (iv) such assignment does not conflict with Applicable Law and 
 (v) in the case of any assignment resulting from a Lender becoming a Non-Consenting Lender, the applicable assignee shall have consented to the applicable amendment, waiver or consent. 
 A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment or delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. 
 Each party hereto agrees that (x) an assignment required pursuant to this Section 2.19(B) may be effected pursuant to an Assignment Agreement executed by the Borrower, the Administrative 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -31- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Agent and the assignee and (y) the Lender required to make such assignment need not be a party thereto in order for such assignment to be effective and shall be deemed to have consented to and be bound by the terms thereof provided that, following the effectiveness of any such assignment, the other parties to such assignment agree to execute and deliver such documents necessary to evidence such assignment as reasonably requested by the applicable Lender provided, further that any such documents shall be without recourse to or warranty by the parties thereto. 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 2.19 to the contrary, the Lender that acts as the Administrative Agent may not be replaced hereunder except in accordance with the terms of Section 7.9 . 
 ARTICLE III Conditions of Lending and Closing 
 Section 3.1 Conditions Precedent to Second Amendment and Restatement 
 . The following conditions shall be satisfied on or before the Second Amendment and Restatement Date 
 (A) Closing Documents . The Administrative Agent shall have received each of the following documents, in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent, duly executed, and each such document shall be in full force and effect, and all consents, waivers and approvals necessary for the consummation of the transactions contemplated thereby shall have been obtained 
 (i) this Agreement 
 (ii) a Loan Note for each Lender Group that has requested the same 
 (iii) the Master SAP Contribution Agreement 
 (iv) the Sale and Contribution Agreement 
 (v) the SAP Contribution Agreement 
 (vi) the TEP OpCo Contribution Agreement 
 (vii) that certain Second Amended and Restated Master Distribution Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, by and among SAP, Borrower, TEP Resources and SAP Seller 
 (viii) that certain Amended and Restated Returned Project Distribution Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, by and between SAP Seller and Financing Fund Seller 
 (ix) the Security Agreement 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -32- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(x) the Pledge Agreement 
 (xi) the Subsidiary Guaranty 
 (xii) the Facility Administration Agreement 
 (xiii) the Verification Agent Agreement 
 (xiv) the Parent Guaranty 
 (xv) each Fee Letter and 
 (xvi) the UK Risk Retention Side Letter. 
 (B) Secretary s Certificates . The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a certificate from the Assistant Secretary of the Verification Agent, and the Paying Agent, (ii) a certificate from the Secretary of each of the Parent, the Facility Administrator, Intermediate Holdco, Sunnova Inventory Holdings, Sunnova Inventory Pledgor, TEP Inventory, SAP Seller, Financing Fund Seller, TEP Resources, the Borrower, the Managing Members, SAP and each Affiliate thereof that is party to a Transaction Document (a) attesting to the resolutions of such Person s members, managers or other governing body authorizing its execution, delivery, and performance of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, (b) authorizing specific Responsible Officers for such Person to execute the same, and (c) attesting to the incumbency and signatures of such specific Responsible Officers (iii) copies of governing documents, as amended, modified, or supplemented prior to the Second Amendment and Restatement Date of each of the Parent, Intermediate Holdco, Financing Fund Seller, SAP Seller, TEP Resources, the Borrower, the Managing Members, SAP, Sunnova Inventory Holdings, Sunnova Inventory Pledgor, TEP Inventory, the Facility Administrator and each Affiliate thereof that is party to a Transaction Document, in each case certified by a Responsible Officer of such Person and (iv) a certificate of status with respect to each of the Parent, Intermediate Holdco, Financing Fund Seller, SAP Seller, TEP Resources, the Borrower, the Managing Members, SAP, Sunnova Inventory Holdings, Sunnova Inventory Pledgor, TEP Inventory, the Facility Administrator and each Affiliate thereof that is party to a Transaction Document dated within fifteen (15) days of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, such certificate to be issued by the appropriate officer of the jurisdiction of organization of such entity, which certificate shall indicate that such entity is in good standing in such jurisdiction. 
 (C) Legal Opinions . The Administrative Agent shall have received customary opinions from (i) counsel (which may be in-house counsel) to the Paying Agent and to the Verification Agent addressing authorization and enforceability of the Transaction Documents being executed by the Paying Agent or the Verification Agent, as applicable, on the Second Amendment and Restatement Date and other corporate matters and (ii) counsel to the Parent, Intermediate Holdco, Financing Fund Seller, the Facility Administrator, the Managing Members, SAP, Sunnova Inventory Holdings, Sunnova Inventory Pledgor, TEP Inventory, SAP Seller, TEP Resources, the Borrower and each Affiliate thereof that is party to a Transaction Document being executed on the Second Amendment 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -33- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

and Restatement Date addressing (i) authorization and enforceability of such Transaction Documents and other corporate matters and (ii) security interest and UCC matters. 
 (D) No Material Adverse Effect. Since December 31, 2022, there has been no Material Adverse Effect. 
 (E) Payment of Fees . The Borrower shall have paid all fees previously agreed in writing to be paid on or prior to the Second Amendment and Restatement Date. 
 (F) Closing Date Certificate of the Borrower. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower (in his or her capacity as such) in form satisfactory to Administrative Agent certifying that its representations and warranties set forth in the Transaction Documents to which it is a party are true and correct in all material respects as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date (except to the extent such representations and warranties expressly relate to any earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all material respects as of such earlier date). 
 (G) UCC Search Results . Administrative Agent shall have received the results of a recent search of all effective UCC financing statements (or equivalent filings) made with respect to the Assignors, Financing Fund Seller, SAP Seller, TEP Resources, the Borrower, SAP, the Managing Members and the Financing Funds in all appropriate jurisdictions together with copies of all such filings disclosed by such search. 
 (H) UCC Financing Statements . The Borrower shall have duly filed proper financing statements (or the equivalent thereof in any applicable foreign jurisdiction, as applicable), on or before the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, under the UCC with the Delaware Secretary of State and any other applicable filing office in any applicable jurisdiction that the Administrative Agent deems necessary or desirable in order to perfect the Administrative Agent s interests in the Collateral. The Borrower shall have filed proper financing statement amendments (or the equivalent thereof in any applicable foreign jurisdiction, as applicable), if any, necessary to release all security interests and other rights of any Person in the Collateral previously granted by the Borrower or any of its affiliates. 
 (I) Representations and Warranties . All of the representations of the Parent, Facility Administrator, Intermediate Holdco, Sunnova Inventory Holdings, Sunnova Inventory Pledgor, TEP Inventory, SAP Seller, Financing Fund Seller, TEP Resources, the Borrower, the Managing Members and SAP contained herein and in any other Transaction Document being executed on the Second Amendment and Restatement Date to which it is a party shall be true and correct in all material respects (except for those representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date (or such earlier date or period specifically stated in such representation or warranty). 
 Section 3.2 Conditions Precedent to All Advances 
 . 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -34- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(A) Except as otherwise expressly provided below, the obligation of each Non-Conduit Lender to make or participate in each Advance (including the initial Advances made on the Original Closing Date) shall be subject, at the time thereof, to the satisfaction of the following conditions 
 (i) Funding Documents. The Administrative Agent and each Funding Agent shall have received, no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the Funding Date, a completed Notice of Borrowing and a Borrowing Base Certificate, each in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 (ii) Solar Assets . All conditions to the acquisition of Solar Assets by the respective Financing Fund under the applicable Tax Equity Financing Documents have been satisfied, and all conditions to the acquisition of Solar Assets by the applicable Assignors, the applicable Seller, the Borrower and SAP under the Contribution Agreements, the Sale and Contribution Agreement, the SAP Contribution Agreement and the SAP NTP Financing Documents, as applicable, have been satisfied. 
 (iii) Managing Members . All conditions to the acquisition of Managing Members by the Borrower under the Sale and Contribution Agreement and Section 3.3 shall have been satisfied. 
 (iv) Representations and Warranties . All of the representations and warranties of the Borrower, the Assignors, the Sellers, TEP Resources, the Parent and the initial Facility Administrator contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document that relate to the eligibility of the Solar Assets shall be true and correct as of the Funding Date and all other representations and warranties of the Borrower, the Assignors, the Sellers, TEP Resources, the Parent, the Managing Members, SAP, and the initial Facility Administrator contained in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall be true and correct in all material respects (except for those representations and warranties that are qualified by materiality, in which case such representations and warranties shall be true and correct in all respects) as of the Funding Date (or such earlier date or period specifically stated in such representation or warranty). 
 (v) No Defaults Solvency . The Administrative Agent shall have received a certification that no Amortization Event, Event of Default, Potential Amortization Event or Potential Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from any borrowing of any Advance or from the application of the proceeds therefrom and after giving effect to such Advance or from the application of the proceeds therefrom, the Borrower will be Solvent. 
 (vi) Verification Agent Certificate . The Administrative Agent shall have received an A-1 Verification Agent Certification in respect of the applicable Solar Assets from the Verification Agent pursuant to the Verification Agent Agreement. 
 (vii) Hedge Requirements . The Borrower shall be in compliance with all applicable Hedge Requirements. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -35- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(viii) Liquidity Reserve WIP Reserve . The amount on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account shall not be less than the Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance, taking into account the application of the proceeds of the Advances on the Funding Date. The amount on deposit in the WIP Reserve Account shall not be less than the WIP Reserve Account Required Balance, taking into account the application of the proceeds of the Advances on the Funding Date. 
 (ix) Aggregate Commitment No Borrowing Base Deficiency . After giving effect to such Advance, the Aggregate Outstanding Advances shall not exceed the Aggregate Commitment in effect as of such Funding Date unless the Borrower shall have, pursuant to the procedures set forth in Section 2.18(A) , received the written approval of the Non-Conduit Lenders with respect to such Advance, such approval to be granted by each Non-Conduit Lender in its sole discretion. After giving effect to such Advance, there should not exist a Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency or a Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency. 
 (x) Availability Period . The Commitment Termination Date shall not have occurred, nor shall it occur as a result of making such Advance, nor has the Availability Period ended. 
 (xi) Updated Schedules Advance Model . The Borrower shall have provided the Administrative Agent an updated Schedule IV , an updated Schedule V , an updated Schedule VI and , an updated Schedule VII and an updated Advance Model to reflect the Scheduled Hedged SREC Payments, Scheduled Host Customer Payments, Scheduled PBI Payments and Scheduled Managing Member Distributions as of such Funding Date. 
 (xii) Other Documents . The Borrower shall have provided the Administrative Agent with all documents reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent related to the Solar Assets being financed by the Borrower (indirectly through its ownership of the Solar Asset Owner Member Interests) on such Funding Date. 
 (xiii) Class B Advances . With respect to the Class B Advances, the Class A Lenders shall have funded the requested Class A Advances on such Funding Date. 
 (xiv) Material Adverse Effect . No Material Adverse Effect has occurred and is continuing. 
 (B) Each Notice of Borrowing submitted by the Borrower after the Original Closing Date shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty that the conditions specified in this Section 3.2 have been satisfied on and as of the date of the applicable Notice of Borrowing. 
 Section 3.3 Conditions Precedent to Acquisition of Additional Managing Members 
 . As a condition to the Borrower s acquisition of a Managing Member after the Original Closing Date 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -36- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(A) the Borrower shall have provided the Administrative Agent with all documents reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent related to such Managing Member and the related Financing Fund and 
 (B) unless waived by the Administrative Agent and the Majority Lenders in their reasonable discretion, the Financing Fund shall be covered by a Tax Loss Insurance Policy, in form and substance (including, but not limited to, amounts and coverage period) approved by the Administrative Agent and 
 B C the Administrative Agent shall have consented to the Borrower s acquisition of such Managing Member in its reasonable discretion provided , that consent of the Majority Lenders and the Majority Class B Lenders shall also be required for the acquisition of such Managing Member if (i) the Tax Equity Investor (or guarantor thereof) related to such Managing Member is not an Approved Tax Equity Partner or (ii) if the proposed Tax Equity Financing Documents for the acquisition of such Managing Member deviate in any material respect from prior Tax Equity Financing Documents in a manner that is materially adverse to the applicable Managing Member, the applicable Financing Fund or the Lenders hereunder provided , further , that if the Majority Class B Lenders have not affirmatively disapproved such transaction in writing within five (5) Business Days of receiving drafts of the relevant financing fund limited liability company agreement, master purchase agreement, tax loss insurance policy and an updated Schedule VIII and Schedule XII hereto that are, in each case, considered by the Administrative Agent to be substantially final and the Majority Lenders have otherwise approved such transaction, such transaction shall be deemed approved by the Majority Class B Lenders. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall use their best efforts to provide the consent required by this clause (B) (or confirm their affirmative disapproval of such transaction) within five (5) Business Days of receiving drafts of the relevant financing fund limited liability company agreement, master purchase agreement and tax loss insurance policy that are, in each case, considered by the Administrative Agent to be substantially final. 
 ARTICLE IV Representations and Warranties 
 Section 4.1 Representations and Warranties of the Borrower 
 . The Borrower represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and each Lender as of the Original Closing Date, as of each Funding Date, as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, and with respect to paragraphs (A), (B), (F), (G), (I), (K), and (L) through (S) as of each Payment Date, as follows 
 (A) Organization Corporate Powers . Each Relevant Party (i) is a duly organized and validly existing limited liability company, in good standing under the laws of the State of Delaware, (ii) has the limited liability company power and authority to own its property and assets and to transact the business in which it is engaged and presently proposes to engage, and (iii) is duly qualified and is authorized to do business in all jurisdictions where it is required to be so qualified or authorized. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -37- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(B) Authority and Enforceability. Each Relevant Party has the limited liability company or other organizational power and authority to execute, deliver and carry out the terms and provisions of the Transaction Documents to which it is party and has taken all necessary company or other organizational action to authorize the execution, delivery and performance of the Transaction Documents to which it is party. Each Relevant Party has duly executed and delivered each Transaction Document to which it is party and each Transaction Document to which it is party constitutes the legal, valid and binding agreement and obligation of the respective Relevant Party enforceable in accordance with its terms, except to the extent that the enforceability thereof may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or similar laws generally affecting creditors rights and by equitable principles (regardless of whether enforcement is sought in equity or at law). 
 (C) Government Approvals. No order, consent, authorization, approval, license, or validation of, or filing, recording, registration with, or exemption by, any Governmental Authority is required to authorize or is required as a condition to (i) the execution, delivery and performance by a Relevant Party of any Transaction Document to which it is a party or any of its obligations thereunder or (ii) the legality, validity, binding effect or enforceability of any Transaction Document to which such Relevant Party is a party. 
 (D) Litigation . There are no material actions, suits or proceedings, pending or threatened in writing with respect to any Relevant Party. 
 (E) Applicable Law, Contractual Obligations and Organizational Documents. Neither the execution, delivery and performance by any Relevant Party of the Transaction Documents to which it is party nor compliance with the terms and provisions thereof (including compliance with the representation set forth in Section 4.1(W) or the covenant set forth in Section 5.2(P)) (i) will contravene any provision of any law, statute, rule, regulation, order, writ, injunction or decree of any Governmental Authority applicable to such Relevant Party or its properties and assets, (ii) will conflict with or result in any breach of, any of the terms, covenants, conditions or provisions of, or constitute a default under or result in the creation or imposition of (or the obligation to create or impose) any Lien (other than the Liens created pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement or Permitted Liens) upon any of the property or assets of the Borrower pursuant to the terms of any contract, (iii) will breach any provision of the certificate of formation or the operating agreement of such Relevant Party and will, for each of subsection (i), (ii) and (iii), result in a Material Adverse Effect or (iv) result in the recapture of any Tax Credits allocated pursuant to any Tax Equity Financing Documents. 
 (F) Use of Proceeds . Proceeds of the Class A Advances and the Class B Advances have been used only as permitted under Section 2.3 . No part of the proceeds of the Class A Advances or the Class B Advances will be used directly or indirectly to purchase or carry Margin Stock, or to extend credit to others for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock, in violation of any of the provisions of Regulations T, U or X of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System. The Borrower is not engaged in the business of extending credit for the purpose of purchasing or carrying any Margin Stock. At no time would more than 25 of the value of the assets of the Borrower that are subject to any arrangement (as such term is used in Section 221.2(g) of such Regulation U) hereunder be represented by Margin Stock. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -38- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(G) Accounts. The names and addresses of the Collection Account, the Supplemental Reserve Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account, the SAP Lockbox Account, the SAP Revenue Account, the Takeout Transaction Account , the WIP Reserve Account and the Borrower s Account are specified on Schedule II attached hereto, as updated pursuant to Section 5.1(Q) . Other than accounts on Schedule II attached hereto, the Borrower (or, with respect to the SAP Lockbox Account, SAP) does not have any other accounts. The Borrower has directed, or has caused to be directed (i) each Financing Fund, each Managing Member and SAP to make all payments in respect of the Managing Member Distributions and the SAP Distributions, as applicable, to the Collection Account, (ii) all Host Customers related to Solar Assets owned by SAP to make Host Customer Payments to the SAP Lockbox Account and (iii) each Hedged SREC Counterparty to make all Hedged SREC Payments to the Collection Account and, to the extent any payments referred to in clauses (i), (ii) or (iii) are deposited into another account, has caused such payments to be deposited into the Collection Account no later than two (2) Business Days after receipt. The Borrower shall cause (i) SAP to cause all amounts on deposit in the SAP Lockbox Account in excess of an amount to be agreed to by SAP and the Administrative Agent to be swept daily into the SAP Revenue Account pursuant to standing instructions and (ii) the SAP Lockbox Account to at all times be subject to a first priority perfected security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent. 
 (H) ERISA. None of the assets of the Borrower are or, prior to the repayment of all Obligations and the termination of all Commitments, will be subject to Title I of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, or, by reason of any investment in the Borrower by any governmental plan, as the case may be, any other federal, state, or local provision similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. Neither the Borrower nor any of its ERISA Affiliates has maintained, participated or had any liability in respect to any Plan during the past six (6) years which could reasonably be expected to subject the Borrower or any of its ERISA Affiliates to any tax, penalty or other liabilities. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably likely to occur. With respect to any Plan which is a Multi-Employer Plan, no such Multi-Employer Plan is, or to the knowledge of the Relevant Parties, is reasonably like to be, in reorganization or insolvent as defined in Title IV of ERISA. 
 (I) Taxes. Each Relevant Party has timely filed (or had filed on its behalf, including, for the avoidance of doubt, the filing of any Tax return of any aggregate, combined, consolidated or unitary group which includes such Relevant Party) all federal, state, provincial, territorial, foreign and other Tax returns and reports required to be filed under applicable law, and has timely paid (or had paid on its behalf), taking into account all valid extensions, all federal, state, foreign and other Taxes levied or imposed upon it or its properties, income or assets otherwise due and payable on said Tax returns, except for those which are being contested in good faith by appropriate actions diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP except with respect to Taxes which are being contested in good faith by appropriate actions diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. No Lien or similar adverse claim has been filed, and no claim is being asserted, with respect to any such Tax due from any Relevant Party or with respect to any Solar Assets, except with respect to Taxes which are being contested in good faith by appropriate actions diligently conducted and for which adequate reserves have been provided in accordance with GAAP. Any Taxes due and payable by any Relevant Party or its predecessors in interest in connection with the execution and delivery of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents and the transfers and transactions 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -39- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

contemplated hereby or thereby have been paid or shall have been paid if and when due. Except to the extent provided in the Tax Equity Financing Documents, no Relevant Party is liable for Taxes payable by any other Person. 
 (J) Material Agreements. The Borrower has not defaulted under the Transaction Documents, any similar agreements entered into in connection with a Takeout Transaction or any other material agreement to which the Borrower is a party and to the Borrower s knowledge, there is no breach or default by a counterparty to such Transaction Documents, similar agreements entered into in connection with the Takeout Transaction or any other material agreement to which the Borrower is a party. 
 (K) Accuracy of Information . The written information (other than financial projections, forward looking statements, and information of a general economic or industry specific nature) that has been made available to the Paying Agent, the Verification Agent, the Administrative Agent or any Lender by or on behalf of the Borrower or any Affiliate thereof in connection with the transactions hereunder including any written statement or certificate of factual information, when taken as a whole, does not, when furnished, contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements contained therein not materially misleading in the light of the circumstances under which such statements are made (giving effect to all supplements and updates thereto). The forecasts and other projections in the Advance Model submitted to the Administrative Agent were when delivered (i) based on good faith estimates and commercially reasonable assumptions as to all factual matters material thereto and (ii) are materially consistent with the Tax Equity Financing Documents and other adjustments as approved by the Administrative Agent, it being acknowledged and agreed that the forecasts and other projections in the Advance Model are as to future events and are not to be viewed as facts, are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Borrower (and each of its Subsidiaries), and no assurance can be given that the projections in the Advance Model will be realized and that actual results may differ from projected results and such differences may be material. 
 (L) No Material Adverse Effect . Since the date of delivery of the latest audited financial statements for a fiscal year of SEI pursuant to Section 5.1(A)(i) , there has been no Material Adverse Effect. 
 (M) 1940 Act. No Relevant Party is an investment company or an affiliated person of or promoter or principal underwriter for an investment company as such terms are defined in the 1940 Act, nor is any Relevant Party otherwise subject to regulation thereunder and no Relevant Party relies solely on the exemption from the definition of investment company in Section 3(c)(1) and or 3(c)(7) of the 1940 Act (although such exemptions may be available). 
 (N) Covered Fund . No Relevant Party is a covered fund under Section 13 of the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. 
 (O) Properties Security Interest. The Borrower has good title to all of its properties and assets necessary in the ordinary conduct of its business, free and clear of Liens other than Permitted Liens and Permitted Equity Liens. Once executed and delivered, the Security Agreement, the Pledge 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -40- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Agreement and the SAP Lockbox Account Control Agreement create, as security for the Liabilities (as defined in the Security Agreement) or the Secured Obligations (as defined in the Pledge Agreement), as applicable, a valid and enforceable and (coupled with this Agreement and the taking of all actions required thereunder and under the Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement and the SAP Lockbox Account Control Agreement for perfection) perfected security interest in and Lien on all of the Collateral, in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, superior to and prior to the rights of all third persons and subject to no other Liens, except for Permitted Liens. 
 (P) Subsidiaries. The Borrower does not have, and shall not have, any Subsidiaries (other than the Managing Members and SAP), and does not and shall not otherwise own or hold, directly or indirectly, any Capital Stock of any other Person (other than in the case of Capital Stock of the Managing Members and SAP). 
 (Q) Valid Transfer. The Contribution Agreements create a valid sale, transfer or assignment from the applicable Assignor to the related assignee thereunder of all right, title and interest of such Assignor in and to the Conveyed Property in each case conveyed to any assignee thereunder. The Sale and Contribution Agreement creates (i) a valid sale, transfer and or assignment from SAP Seller to TEP Resources of all right, title and interest of SAP Seller in and to the Conveyed Property in each case conveyed to TEP Resources thereunder, and (ii) a valid sale, transfer and or assignment from TEP Resources to the Borrower of all right, title and interest of TEP Resources in and to the Conveyed Property in each case conveyed to the Borrower thereunder. The SAP Contribution Agreement creates a valid transfer and or assignment from the Borrower to SAP of all right title and interest of the Borrower in and to the Conveyed Property in each case conveyed to SAP thereunder. 
 (R) Purchases of Solar Assets. (i) The Borrower has given reasonably equivalent value to TEP Resources (which may include additional Capital Stock in the Borrower) in consideration for the transfer to the Borrower by TEP Resources of the Conveyed Property conveyed to the Borrower under the Sale and Contribution Agreement, and no such transfer has been made for or on account of an antecedent debt owed by TEP Resources to the Borrower (ii) TEP Resources has given reasonably equivalent value to SAP Seller (which may include additional Capital Stock in TEP Resources) in consideration for the transfer to TEP Resources by SAP Seller of the Conveyed Property conveyed to TEP Resources under the Sale and Contribution Agreement, and no such transfer has been made for or on account of an antecedent debt owed by SAP Seller to TEP Resources and (iii) each related assignee under the Master SAP Contribution Agreement has given reasonably equivalent value to the applicable Assignor thereunder (which may include additional Capital Stock in such assignee) in consideration for the transfer to such assignee by the applicable Assignor of the Conveyed Property conveyed to such assignee under the Master SAP Contribution Agreement, and no such transfer has been made for or on account of an antecedent debt owned by such assignee to the applicable Assignor. 
 (S) Sanctions and AML Compliance . Neither any Relevant Party nor, to the knowledge of the any Relevant Party after due inquiry, any of its Affiliates or their officers, directors or employees appears on the Specially Designated Nationals and Blocked Persons List published by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ), or is subject to sanctions, restrictions or embargoes 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -41- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

administered by the U.S. government, the United Nations Security Council, His Majesty s Treasury, the Swiss State Secretariat for Economic Affairs, the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, the European Union, or any other relevant sanctions authority applicable to any Relevant Party or its Affiliates to the extent such sanctions authority has jurisdiction over such Relevant Party or its Affiliates pursuant to Applicable Laws, or appears on the Consolidated Canadian Autonomous Sanctions List, or is otherwise a person with which any person is prohibited from dealing under the laws of the such jurisdictions, unless authorized by such jurisdictions. Neither any Relevant Party nor, to the knowledge of such Relevant Party after due inquiry, any of its Affiliated Entities conducts business or completes transactions with the governments of, or persons within, any country under economic sanctions administered and enforced by OFAC, the U.S. government, the United Nations Security Council, His Majesty s Treasury, the Swiss State Secretariat for Economic Affairs, the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, the European Union, or any other relevant sanctions authority applicable to such Relevant Party or its Affiliates to the extent such sanctions authority has jurisdiction over such Relevant Party or its Affiliates pursuant to Applicable Laws. No Relevant Party has directly or, to the knowledge of such Relevant Party after due inquiry, indirectly used the proceeds from this Agreement, or lent, contributed or otherwise made available such proceeds to any Affiliated Entity, subsidiary, joint venture partner or other person to fund any activities of or business with any person that, at the time of such funding to the knowledge of such Relevant Party (and after due inquiry with respect to any Affiliated Entity, subsidiary or joint venture partner), was the subject of economic sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. government, the United Nations Security Council, His Majesty s Treasury, the Swiss State Secretariat for Economic Affairs, the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, the European Union, or any other relevant sanctions authority applicable to any Relevant Party or its Affiliates, or was in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding or facilitation, is the subject of economic sanctions administered or enforced by the U.S. government, the United Nations Security Council, His Majesty s Treasury, the Swiss State Secretariat for Economic Affairs, the Monetary Authority of Singapore, the Hong Kong Monetary Authority, the European Union, or any other relevant sanctions authority applicable to any Relevant Party or its Affiliates to the extent such sanctions authority has jurisdiction over such Relevant Party or its Affiliates pursuant to Applicable Laws. Each Relevant Party and, to the knowledge of such Relevant Party after due inquiry, the Affiliated Entities are in compliance, and will continue to be in compliance, with all anti-money laundering laws and regulation regulations applicable to them and have established an anti-money laundering program that is designed to comply with applicable U.S. laws, regulations, and guidance, including rules of self-regulatory organizations, relating to the prevention of money laundering, terrorist financing, and related financial crimes and none is in violation of Executive Order No. 13224 or the Patriot Act. 
 (T) Foreign Corrupt Practices Act. Neither the Relevant Parties nor, to the knowledge of the Relevant Parties after due inquiry, any Affiliated Entity nor any of their officers, directors, agents or employees, has used any of the proceeds of any Advance (i) for any unlawful contribution, gift, entertainment or other unlawful expense relating to political activity, (ii) to make any direct or indirect unlawful payment to any government official or employee from corporate funds, (iii) to violate any provision of the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 or similar law of a jurisdiction in which a Relevant Party conducts its business and to which they are lawfully subject, or (iv) to make any unlawful bribe, rebate, payoff, influence payment, kickback or other unlawful payment. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -42- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(U) Eligibility . Each Solar Asset listed on the Schedule of Solar Assets most recently delivered to the Administrative Agent was an Eligible Solar Asset as of such date of delivery of such Schedule of Solar Assets. 
 (V) Beneficial Ownership Certification . The information included in any Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered by the Borrower is true and correct in all respects. 
 (W) Tax Treatment . The Borrower has elected to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes and any applicable state and local purposes, effective on or prior to the date hereof, and has not revoked such election. Since the effective date of the election to be treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, all applicable Tax returns for any consolidated group in which the Borrower is a member for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, to the extent applicable, state and local income tax purposes have been filed. 
 (X) NOLs Tax Sharing . SEI has, or will have, sufficient NOLs in excess of the projected income of the Borrower and the other members of the consolidated group in which the Borrower is a member for the entire time while the Advances and the Commitments are outstanding. Neither SEI nor any of its Subsidiaries, including the Borrower, have a tax sharing or other agreements for the use of the tax assets of its consolidated group. 
 (Y) Status of Advances . Each Advance hereunder is an eligible asset as defined in Rule 3a-7 under the 1940 Act. 
 ARTICLE V Covenants 
 Section 5.1 Affirmative Covenants 
 . The Borrower covenants and agrees that, until all Obligations (other than contingent obligations not then due) hereunder have been paid in full and the Commitments have been terminated 
 (A) Reporting Requirements. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent and each Lender and, in the case of subclause (v)(a) below, the Paying Agent 
 (i) within (a) the earlier of (x) one hundred eighty (180) days after the close of each fiscal year of SEI (beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019) and (y) such earlier period as required by Applicable Law, the unqualified provided , however explanatory language added to the auditor s standard report shall not constitute a qualification) audited financial statements for such fiscal year that include the consolidated balance sheet of SEI and its consolidated subsidiaries as of the end of such fiscal year, the related consolidated statements of income, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for such fiscal year, in each case, setting forth comparative figures for the preceding fiscal year (it being acknowledged that such requirement with respect to SEI may be satisfied by the filing of the appropriate report on Form 10-K with the Securities and Exchange Commission), and, beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019, the assets 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -43- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

and liabilities of the Parent and the Borrower as of the end of such fiscal year presented in a note or schedule to such financial statements of SEI, and in each case prepared in accordance with GAAP, and audited by a Nationally Recognized Accounting Firm selected by SEI and (b) the earlier of (x) sixty (60) days after the end of each of the first three quarters of its fiscal year and (y) such earlier period as required by Applicable Law, the unaudited consolidated balance sheets and income statements for such fiscal quarter on a year-to-date basis for SEI and its consolidated subsidiaries (it being acknowledged that such requirement with respect to SEI may be satisfied by the filing of the appropriate report on Form 10-Q with the Securities and Exchange Commission) 
 (ii) if, at any time, Sunnova Management is the Facility Administrator, but is not a subsidiary of SEI, within (a) the earlier of (x) one hundred eighty (180) days after the end of each of its fiscal years (beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019) and (y) such earlier period as required by Applicable Law, a copy of the unqualified provided , however explanatory language added to the auditor s standard report shall not constitute a qualification) audited consolidated financial statements for such year for Sunnova Management, containing financial statements for such year and prepared by a Nationally Recognized Accounting Firm selected by Sunnova Management and (b) the earlier of (x) sixty (60) days after the end of each of its fiscal quarters and (y) such earlier period as required by Applicable Law, the unaudited consolidated balance sheets and income statements for such fiscal quarter on a year-to-date basis for Sunnova Management 
 (iii) at any time that Sunnova Management is the Facility Administrator, within one hundred eighty (180) days after the end of each of its fiscal years (beginning with the fiscal year ending December 31, 2019), a report prepared by a Qualified Service Provider containing such firm s conclusions with respect to an examination of certain information relating to Sunnova Management s compliance with its obligations under the Transaction Documents (including, without limitation, such firm s conclusions with respect to an examination of the calculations of amounts set forth in certain of Sunnova Management s reports delivered hereunder and pursuant to the Facility Administration Agreement during the prior calendar year and Sunnova Management s source records for such amounts), in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent 
 (iv) as soon as possible, and in any event within five (5) Business Days, after the Borrower or any of their ERISA Affiliates knows or has reason to know that an ERISA Event has occurred, a certificate of a responsible officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of such ERISA Event, the action that the Borrower or the ERISA Affiliate proposes to take with respect thereto, and, when known, any action taken or threatened by the Internal Revenue Service, Department of Labor or the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation 
 (v) (a) promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days, after a Responsible Officer of any of the Borrower, any Seller, Intermediate Holdco, the Facility Administrator (if it is an Affiliate of the Borrower) or the Parent obtains knowledge thereof, notice of the occurrence of any event that constitutes an Event of Default, a Potential Default, an Amortization Event or a Potential Amortization Event or would have 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -44- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

a Material Adverse Effect , which notice shall specify the nature thereof, the period of existence thereof and what action the Borrower propose to take with respect thereto and (b) promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after a Responsible Officer of any of the Borrower, any Seller, Intermediate Holdco, the Facility Administrator (if it is an Affiliate of the Borrower) or the Parent obtains knowledge thereof, notice of any other development concerning any litigation, governmental or regulatory proceeding (including environmental law) or labor matter (including ERISA Event) pending or threatened in writing against the (x) Borrower or (y) Parent or SEI that, in the case of this clause (y), individually or in the aggregate, if adversely determined, would reasonably be likely to have a material adverse effect on (1) the ability of the Parent to perform its obligations under the Parent Guaranty, or (2) the business, operations, financial condition, or assets of the SEI or Parent 
 (vi) promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days after a Responsible Officer of any of the Borrower, any Seller, Intermediate Holdco, the Facility Administrator (if it is an Affiliate of the Borrower) or the Parent obtains knowledge thereof, notice of the occurrence of (i) any event that constitutes a default, an event of default or any event that would permit the acceleration of any obligation under a Sunnova Credit Facility and or (ii) the conversion of any convertible notes of the Parent or SEI into equity 
 (vii) promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days, after receipt thereof by any of the Borrower, any Seller, Intermediate Holdco, the Facility Administrator , (if it is an Affiliate of the Borrower), the Managing Members, the Financing Funds, the Manager (if it is an Affiliate of the Borrower) or the Parent, copies of all material notices, requests, and other documents (excluding regular periodic reports) delivered or received by the Borrower, any Seller, Intermediate Holdco, the Facility Administrator (if it is an Affiliate of the Borrower) , the Managing Members, the Financing Funds, the Manager (if it is an Affiliate of the Borrower) or the Parent under or in connection with the Sale and Contribution Agreement, the SAP Contribution Agreement, the Tax Equity Financing Documents, the SAP NTP Financing Documents or the SAP Financing Documents 
 (viii) promptly, and in any event within five (5) Business Days, after receipt thereof by any of the Borrower, any Seller, Intermediate Holdco, the Facility Administrator (if it is an Affiliate of the Borrower) or the Parent, copies of all notices and other documents delivered or received by the Borrower with respect to any material tax Liens on Solar Assets (either individually or in the aggregate) 
 (ix) on each Funding Date and on each other day on which SAP or a Financing Fund either acquires or disposes of Solar Assets that is included in the Borrowing Base, an updated Schedule IV , an updated Schedule V , an updated Schedule VI and an updated Schedule VII , in each case, to reflect such acquisition or disposition of Solar Assets on such date 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -45- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(x) on each Funding Date on which the Borrower acquires a Managing Member from TEP Resources, an updated Schedule VIII and Schedule XII to reflect such acquisition of such Managing Member on such date and any special provisions applicable to such Financing Fund and 
 (xi) subject to any confidentiality requirements of the Securities and Exchange Commission, promptly after receipt thereof by SEI or any Subsidiary, copies of each notice or other correspondence received from the Securities and Exchange Commission concerning any investigation or possible investigation or other inquiry by such agency regarding financial or other operational results of SEI or any Subsidiary which could reasonably be expected to result in Material Adverse Effect . and 
 (xii) within two (2) Business Days after each Funding Date, each Payment Date and the date of any Takeout Transaction, the Administrative Agent shall have received a schedule from the Borrower, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, which sets forth all Hedge Agreements then in effect and the applicable Hedge Requirements then in effect. 
 (B) Solar Asset Reporting . The Borrower shall 
 (i) enforce the provisions of each Management Agreement and Servicing Agreement which require the Manager to deliver any reports to a Financing Fund or SAP and 
 (ii) enforce the provisions of the Facility Administration Agreement which require the Facility Administrator to deliver any reports (including the Facility Administrator Report and any Borrowing Base Certificate setting forth detailed calculations of the Borrowing Base) to the Administrative Agent, each Funding Agent and the Paying Agent and 
 (iii) on the Scheduled Commitment Termination Date, cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent an A-2 Verification Agent Certification with respect to all Solar Assets included in the Borrowing Base. 
 (C) UCC Matters Protection and Perfection of Security Interests. The Borrower agrees to notify the Administrative Agent in writing of any change (i) in its legal name, (ii) in its identity or type of organization or corporate structure, or (iii) in the jurisdiction of its organization, in each case, within ten (10) days of such change. The Borrower agrees that from time to time, at its sole cost and expense, it will promptly execute and deliver all further instruments and documents, and take all further action necessary or reasonably required by the Administrative Agent (a) to complete all assignments from Assignors to each assignee thereunder under each Contribution Agreement, from SAP Seller to TEP Resources and from TEP Resources to the Borrower under the Sale and Contribution Agreement, from a Financing Fund to the Parent or an Affiliate thereof pursuant to a SREC Direct Sale, from the Borrower to SAP under the SAP Contribution Agreement and, with respect to SRECs, from a Financing Fund to the Borrower in accordance with Section 5.2(N) , (b) to perfect, protect or more fully evidence the Administrative Agent s security interest in the Collateral, 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -46- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

or (c) to enable the Administrative Agent to exercise or enforce any of its rights hereunder, under the Security Agreement or under any other Transaction Document. Without limiting the Borrower s obligation to do so, the Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes the filing of such financing or continuation statements, or amendments thereto or assignments thereof, and such other instruments or notices, as may be necessary or reasonably required by the Administrative Agent. The Borrower hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to file one or more financing or continuation statements, and amendments thereto and assignments thereof, naming the Borrower as debtor, relative to all or any of the Collateral now existing or hereafter arising without the signature of the Borrower where permitted by law. A carbon, photographic or other reproduction of the Security Agreement or any financing statement covering the Collateral or any part thereof shall be sufficient as a financing statement. 
 (D) Access to Certain Documentation and Information Regarding the Solar Assets. The Borrower shall permit (and, as applicable, shall cause the Facility Administrator, the Managing Members, SAP and the Verification Agent to permit) the Administrative Agent (and, as applicable, the Verification Agent) or its duly authorized representatives or independent contractors, upon reasonable advance notice to the Borrower (and, as applicable, the Facility Administrator, the Managing Members, SAP and the Verification Agent), (i) access to documentation that the Borrower, the Facility Administrator, the Managing Members, SAP or the Verification Agent, as applicable, may possess regarding the Solar Assets, (ii) to visit the Borrower, the Facility Administrator, the Managing Members, SAP or the Verification Agent, as applicable, and to discuss their respective affairs, finances and accounts (as they relate to their respective obligations under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents) with the Borrower, the Facility Administrator, the Managing Members, SAP or the Verification Agent, as applicable, their respective officers, and independent accountants (subject to such accountants customary policies and procedures), and (iii) to examine the books of account and records of the Borrower, the Verification Agent, the Facility Administrator, the Managing Members, or SAP, as applicable as they relate to the Solar Assets, to make copies thereof or extracts therefrom, in each case, at such reasonable times and during regular business hours of the Borrower, the Verification Agent, the Facility Administrator, the Managing Members, or SAP as applicable provided that, upon the existence of an Event of Default, the Class B Lenders shall have the same rights of access, inspection and examination as the Administrative Agent under this Section 5.1(D) . The frequency of the granting of such access, such visits and such examinations, and the party to bear the expense thereof, shall be governed by the provisions of Section 7.11 with respect to the reviews of the Borrower Borrower s business operations described in such Section 7.11 . The Administrative Agent (and, as applicable, the Verification Agent and the Class B Lenders) shall and shall cause their representatives or independent contractors to use commercially reasonable efforts to avoid interruption of the normal business operations of the Borrower, the Verification Agent, the Facility Administrator, the Managing Members or SAP, as applicable. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 5.1(D) , (i) none of the Borrower, the Verification Agent, the Facility Administrator, the Managing Members or SAP will be required to disclose, permit the inspection, examination or making copies or abstracts of, or discussion of, any document, information or other matter that (x) constitutes non-financial trade secrets or non-financial proprietary information, (y) in respect of which disclosure to the Administrative Agent or any Lender (or their respective representatives or contractors) is prohibited by law or any binding confidentiality agreement, or (z) is subject to attorney-client or 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -47- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

similar privilege or constitutes attorney work product and (ii) the Borrower shall have the opportunity to participate in any discussions with the Borrower s independent accountants. 
 (E) Existence and Rights Compliance with Laws . The Borrower shall preserve and keep in full force and effect each Relevant Party s limited liability company existence, and any material rights, permits, patents, franchises, licenses and qualifications. The Borrower shall comply, and cause each other Relevant Party to, comply with all applicable laws and maintain in place all permits, licenses, approvals and qualifications required for each of them to conduct its business activities to the extent that the lack of compliance thereof would result in a Material Adverse Effect. 
 (F) Books and Records . The Borrower shall maintain, and cause (if any are Affiliates of the Borrower) the Facility Administrator to maintain, proper and complete financial and accounting books and records. The Borrower shall, and shall cause the Financing Funds and SAP to, maintain with respect to Solar Assets accounts and records as to each Solar Asset that are proper, complete, accurate and sufficiently detailed so as to permit (i) the reader thereof to know as of the most recently ended calendar month the status of each Solar Asset including payments made and payments owing (and whether or not such payments are past due), and (ii) reconciliation of payments on each Solar Asset and the amounts from time to time deposited in respect thereof in the Collection Account, if applicable. 
 (G) Taxes . The Borrower shall pay, or cause to be paid, when due all Taxes imposed upon any Relevant Party or any of its properties or which they are required to withhold and pay over, and provide evidence of such payment to the Administrative Agent if requested provided, that no Relevant Party shall be required to pay any such Tax that is being contested in good faith by proper actions diligently conducted if (i) they have maintained adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP and (ii) in the case of a Tax that has or may become a Lien against any of the Collateral, such proceedings conclusively operate to stay the sale of any portion of the Collateral to satisfy such Tax. All Tax returns for the consolidated group in which the Borrower is a member for U.S. federal income tax purposes and applicable state and local income tax purposes will be filed. 
 (H) Maintenance of Properties . The Borrower shall ensure that each Relevant Party s material properties and equipment used or useful in each of their business in whomsoever s possession they may be, are kept in reasonably good repair, working order and condition, normal wear and tear excepted, and that from time to time there are made in such properties and equipment all needful and proper repairs, renewals, replacements, extensions, additions, betterments and improvements thereto, in each case, to the extent and in the manner customary for companies in similar businesses. 
 (I) ERISA. The Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent such certifications or other evidence from time to time prior to the repayment of all Obligations and the termination of all Commitments, as requested by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion, that (i) no Relevant Party is an employee benefit plan as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA, which is subject to Title I of ERISA or a plan within the meaning of Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, or a governmental plan within the meaning of Section 3(32) of ERISA, (ii) no Relevant Party is subject to state statutes regulating investments and fiduciary obligations with respect to governmental plans, and (iii) assets of the Borrower do not constitute plan assets within the meaning of 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -48- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

29 C.F.R. Section 2510.3-101, as modified in application by Section 3(42) of ERISA of any benefit plan investor as defined in Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
 (J) Use of Proceeds. The Borrower will only use the proceeds of the Class A Advances and the Class B Advances as permitted under Section 2.3 . 
 (K) Change of State of Organization Collections Names, Etc. 
 (i) In respect of each Assignor, the Sellers, the Facility Administrator, the Managing Members, the Financing Funds and SAP, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent and the Verification Agent in writing of any change (a) in such entity s legal name, (b) in such entity s identity or type of organization or corporate structure, or (c) in the jurisdiction of such entity s organization, in each case, within ten (10) days of such change and 
 (ii) in the event that the Borrower or any Affiliated Entity thereof receives any Collections directly, the Borrower shall hold, or cause such Affiliated Entity to hold, all such Collections in trust for the benefit of the Secured Parties and deposit, or cause such Affiliated Entity to deposit, such amounts into the Collection Account, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days after its receipt thereof. 
 (L) Insurance. The Borrower shall maintain or cause to be maintained by the Facility Administrator pursuant to the Facility Administration Agreement and by the Manager pursuant to the Managements Agreements, at the Facility Administrator s and the Manager s own expenses, insurance coverage (i) by such insurers and in such forms and amounts and against such risks as are generally consistent with the insurance coverage maintained by the Borrower, Facility Administrator, the Manager, the Managing Members, the Financing Funds and SAP as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date or (ii) as is customary, reasonable and prudent in light of the size and nature of the Borrower s, the Facility Administrator s, the Manager s, the Managing Members , the Financing Funds and SAP s respective businesses as of any date after the Second Amendment and Restatement Date. The Borrower shall be deemed to have complied with this provision if one of its Affiliates has such policy coverage and, by the terms of any such policies, the coverage afforded thereunder extends to the Borrower. Upon the request of the Administrative Agent at any time subsequent to the Original Closing Date, the Borrower shall cause to be delivered to the Administrative Agent, a certification evidencing the Borrower s, the Facility Administrator s, the Manager s, the Managing Members , the Financing Funds and SAP s coverage under any such policies. 
 (M) Maintenance of Independent Director. The Borrower shall maintain at least one individual to serve as an independent director (an Independent Director of the Borrower, (i) which is not, nor at any time during the past six (6) years has been, (a) a direct or indirect beneficial owner, a partner (whether direct, indirect or beneficial), customer or supplier of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, (b) a manager, officer, employee, member, stockholder, director, creditor, Affiliate or associate of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates (other than as an independent officer, director, member or manager acting in a capacity similar to that set forth herein), (c) a person related to, or which is an Affiliate of, any person referred to in clauses (a) or (b), or (d) a trustee, 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -49- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

conservator or receiver for any Affiliate of the Borrower or any of its Affiliates, (ii) which shall have had prior experience as an independent director for a corporation or limited liability company whose charter documents required the unanimous consent of all independent directors thereof before such corporation or limited liability company could consent to the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against it or could file a petition seeking relief under any applicable federal or state law relating to bankruptcy, and (iii) which shall have at least three (3) years of employment experience with one or more entities with a national reputation and presence that provide, in the ordinary course of their respective businesses, advisory, management or placement services to issuers of securitization or structured finance instruments, agreements or securities, and is currently employed by such an entity. 
 (N) The Sale and Contribution Agreement . The Borrower shall make such reasonable requests for information and reports or for action under the Sale and Contribution Agreement to SAP Seller and TEP Resources as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request to the extent that the Borrower is entitled to do the same thereunder. 
 (O) Management Agreement Servicing Agreement. The Borrower shall cause the Managing Members to direct the Financing Funds and SAP to keep in full force and effect each Management Agreement and Servicing Agreement or such equivalent replacement agreements such that O&M Services and Servicing Services are provided in respect of the Solar Assets owned by such Person in a manner consistent with the Tax Equity Financing Documents and the SAP Financing Documents and with the same degree of care that the Parent and its Affiliates use to provide similar services to Solar Assets not owned by a Financing Fund or SAP. 
 (P) Maintenance of Separate Existence. The Borrower shall take all reasonable steps to continue its identity as a separate legal entity and to make it apparent to third Persons that it is an entity with assets and liabilities distinct from those of the Affiliated Entities or any other Person, and that it is not a division of any of the Affiliated Entities or any other Person. In that regard the Borrower shall 
 (i) maintain its limited liability company existence, make independent decisions with respect to its daily operations and business affairs, not amend, modify, terminate or fail to comply with the provisions of its organizational documents, not merge into or consolidate with any Person, or dissolve, terminate, liquidate in whole or in part, transfer or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets or change its legal structure, and, other than pursuant to the terms of the limited liability company agreement of the Borrower, not be controlled in making such decisions by any other Affiliated Entity or any other Person 
 (ii) maintain its assets in a manner which facilitates their identification and segregation from those of any of the other Affiliated Entities 
 (iii) except as expressly otherwise permitted hereunder, conduct all intercompany transactions or enter into any contract or agreement with the other Affiliated Entities except upon terms and conditions that are intrinsically fair and substantially similar to those that would be available on an arm s length basis with unaffiliated third parties 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -50- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(iv) except as contemplated under any Transaction Document, not assume or guarantee any obligation of any of the other Affiliated Entities, nor have any of its obligations assumed or guaranteed by any other Affiliated Entity, pledge its assets for the benefit of any other Affiliated Entity, or hold itself out as responsible for the debts of any other Affiliated Entity or for the decisions or actions with respect to the business and affairs of any other Affiliated Entity 
 (v) except as expressly otherwise permitted hereunder or contemplated under any of the other Transaction Documents, the SAP Financing Documents, the SAP NTP Financing Documents or the Tax Equity Financing Documents, not permit the commingling or pooling of its funds or other assets with the assets of any other Affiliated Entity or make any loans or advances to any other Affiliated Entity 
 (vi) maintain separate deposit and other bank accounts to which no other Affiliated Entity has any access 
 (vii) compensate (either directly or through reimbursement of its allocable share of any shared expenses) all employees, consultants and agents, and Affiliated Entities, to the extent applicable, for services provided to the Borrower by such employees, consultants and agents or Affiliated Entities, in each case, either directly from the Borrower s own funds or indirectly through documented capital contributions from Parent or any other direct or indirect parent of the Borrower 
 (viii) have agreed with each of the other relevant Affiliated Entities to allocate among themselves, through documented intercompany transactions, including documented capital contributions from Parent or any other direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, shared overhead and corporate operating services and expenses which are not reflected in documentation in connection with a Takeout Transaction (including the services of shared employees, consultants and agents and reasonable legal and auditing expenses) on the basis of actual use or the value of services rendered, and otherwise on a basis reasonably related to actual use or the value of services rendered 
 (ix) pay for its own account, directly from the Borrower s own funds or indirectly through documented capital contributions from Parent or any other direct or indirect parent of the Borrower, its own liabilities, including, without limitation, for accounting and payroll services, rent, lease and other expenses (or its allocable share of any such amounts provided by one or more other Affiliated Entity) and not have such liabilities or operating expenses (or the Borrower s allocable share thereof) paid by any of the Affiliated Entities provided, that Parent or another Affiliated Entity shall be permitted to pay the initial organizational expenses of the Borrower 
 (x) conduct its business (whether in writing or orally) solely in its own name through its duly authorized officers, employees and agents, including the Facility Administrator, hold itself out to the public as a legal entity separate and distinct from any other Affiliated Entity, and correct any known misunderstanding regarding its separate identity 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -51- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(xi) maintain a sufficient number of employees in light of its contemplated business operations, and maintain adequate capital for the normal obligations reasonably foreseeable in a business of its size and character and in light of its contemplated business operations 
 (xii) maintain its books, records, resolutions and agreements as official records, and shall maintain all of its books, records, financial statements and bank accounts separate from those of any other Affiliated Entity, and shall not permit its assets to be listed on the financial statement of any other Affiliated Entity provided , however , that the Borrower s assets may be included in a consolidated financial statement of its affiliates provided that (i) appropriate notation shall be made on such consolidated financial statements to indicate the separateness of Borrower and such affiliates and to indicate that the Borrower s assets and credit are not available to satisfy the debts and other obligations of such affiliates or any other Person and (ii) such assets shall be listed on the Borrower s own separate balance sheet 
 (xiii) except as provided in the limited liability company agreement of the Borrower, not acquire obligations or securities of any other Affiliated Entities, or identify its members or the other Affiliated Entities, as applicable, as a division or part of it 
 (xiv) file its own tax returns unless prohibited by Applicable Law from doing so (except that the Borrower may file or may include its filing as part of a consolidated or combined federal, state or local tax return, to the extent required and or permitted by Applicable Law, provided that, there shall be an appropriate notation indicating the separate existence of the Borrower and its assets and liabilities) and 
 (xv) otherwise practice and adhere to corporate formalities such as complying with its organizational documents and member and Facility Administrator resolutions, the holding of regularly scheduled meetings of members and Facility Administrator, use stationery, invoices and checks separate from those of any other Affiliated Entity, and maintaining complete and correct books and records and minutes of meetings and other proceedings of its members and Facility Administrator. 
 (Q) Updates to Account Schedule. Schedule II attached hereto shall be updated by the Borrower and delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Lender immediately to reflect any changes as to which the notice and other requirements specified in Section 5.2(K) have been satisfied. 
 (R) Deposits into the Accounts. 
 (i) The Borrower shall (a) direct, or cause to be directed, all Collections other than Collections related to SAP Solar Assets to the Collection Account and all Collections related to SAP Solar Assets to the SAP Lockbox Account, (b) direct, or cause to be directed, all Hedged SREC Counterparties to make all related Hedged SREC Payments directly into the Collection Account and, to the extent any Hedged SREC Payments are deposited by the relevant Hedged SREC Counterparty in another account, cause such 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -52- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

payments to be deposited into the Collection Account no later than two (2) Business Days after receipt, and (c) deposit or cause to be deposited all net proceeds of a Takeout Transaction into the Takeout Transaction Account in accordance with Section 2.7(B) . 
 (ii) The Borrower shall not and shall not permit the Managing Members or SAP to deposit into or otherwise credit (or cause to be deposited or credited), or consent to or fail to object to any such deposit or credit of, cash or cash proceeds other than Collections into the Collection Account or the SAP Lockbox Account. 
 (S) Hedging . The Borrower shall at all times satisfy the Hedge Requirements. To the extent the Borrower is required to terminate one or more Hedge Agreements in order to satisfy the Hedge Requirements, the Borrower shall terminate such Hedge Agreements in the order in which they are entered into. 
 (T) Update to Solar Assets. The Borrower shall notify the Facility Administrator and the Administrative Agent in writing of any additions or deletions to the Schedule of Solar Assets, no later than each Funding Date and each Payment Date (which in the case of the update delivered on any Payment Date shall be prepared as of the last day of the related Collection Period) . 
 (U) Notice to SAP Seller, TEP Resources and Parent. The Borrower shall promptly notify SAP Seller, TEP Resources and the Parent of a breach of Section 4.1(U) and shall require SAP Seller or the Parent to cure such breach or pay the Liquidated Damages Amount for such Defective Solar Asset pursuant to and in accordance with the Sale and Contribution Agreement or the Parent Guaranty, as applicable. 
 (V) Government Approvals. The Borrower shall promptly obtain all orders, consents, authorizations, approvals, licenses and validations of, or file recordings, register with, or obtain exemption from, any Governmental Authority required as a condition to the performance of its obligations under any Transaction Document. 
 (W) Underwriting and Reassignment Credit Policy . The Borrower shall provide or shall cause the Parent to provide, to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to each Lender) all proposed revisions to the Underwriting and Reassignment Credit Policy. Exhibit J shall be deemed to be amended to include such revisions upon the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Majority Lenders and the Majority Class B Lenders, in each case, in their reasonable discretion provided , that consent by the Majority Class B Lenders shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed if otherwise approved by the Majority Lenders provided , further , that if the Majority Class B Lenders have not affirmatively disapproved such revisions in writing within five (5) Business Days of receiving such revisions and the Majority Lenders have otherwise approved such revisions, such revisions shall be deemed approved by the Majority Class B Lenders. 
 (X) Deviations from Approved Forms. The Borrower shall provide or shall cause the applicable Seller to provide, to the Administrative Agent all proposed forms of Solar Service Agreements which deviate in any material respect from a form attached hereto as Exhibit G (each such form a Proposed Form and shall provide notice to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to each Lender) regarding the cessation of a form of Solar Service Agreement attached hereto as 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -53- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit G or previously delivered hereunder. The Administrative Agent shall use its best efforts to notify the Borrower in writing within ten (10) Business Days of receipt of a Proposed Form of its objection or approval of the terms of such Proposed Form. Upon the written approval of the Administrative Agent, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, Exhibit G shall be deemed to be amended to include such Proposed Form as a Solar Service Agreement in addition to the other forms attached or previously delivered hereunder. The Borrower shall, no less frequently than once per calendar quarter, provide or shall cause the applicable Seller to provide, (i) to the Administrative Agent all forms of Solar Service Agreements that incorporate changes which do not deviate materially from a form attached hereto as Exhibit G and (ii) to the Lenders all forms of Solar Service Agreements that have been updated pursuant to this Section 5.1(X) . Upon receipt by the Administrative Agent of such forms of Solar Service Agreements, Exhibit G shall be deemed to be amended to include such forms in addition to the other forms attached or previously delivered hereunder. 
 (Y) Beneficial Owner Certification. Promptly following any request therefor, the Borrower shall provide such information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer requirements under the Patriot Act, the Beneficial Ownership Regulation or other applicable anti-money laundering laws. 
 (Z) Sanctions and AML Compliance . Each Relevant Party (or the Parent on their behalf) will maintain policies and procedures designed to promote compliance with any applicable anti-bribery, anti-corruption, anti-money laundering and sanctions laws and the representations set forth in Section 4.1(S) . 
 (AA) Notices to Class B Lenders . The Borrower shall simultaneously provide to each Class B Lender any notices or other requests for approval (including any related documents delivered in connection therewith) that the Borrower provides in connection with seeking Majority Class B Lender approval under Section 3.3(B), 5.1(W), 5.2(L) or 8.1(E) of this Agreement or the definition of Approved Tax Equity Partner herein, whether or not the approval of any such Class B Lender would be required in order to determine the requisite Class B Lenders comprising the Majority Class B Lenders. 
 (BB) Self-Performance Option . To the extent any Financing Fund that has been granted a Self-Performance Option that is exercisable in accordance with the applicable Tax Equity Investor Consent and an Amortization Event or an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower shall cause the related Managing Member to cause such Self-Performance Option to be exercised, if so directed in writing by the Administrative Agent. 
 (CC) Transfer of Solar Assets to SAP . To the extent (i) the Master Purchase Agreement or other Tax Equity Financing Documents for a Financing Fund permit the transfer of any related Solar Assets from such Financing Fund to SAP, (ii) the related Tax Equity Investor has failed to fund a required capital contribution under the related Financing Fund LLCA (whether due to a failure to satisfy one or more conditions precedent thereunder or otherwise), (iii) if applicable, such conditions precedent could not reasonably be expected to be satisfied within sixty (60) days after such Tax Equity Investor s failure to fund such required capital contribution and (iv) such Solar Assets have 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -54- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

not been transferred to another Financing Fund in which such other Financing Fund s Tax Equity Investor has funded its required capital contributions with respect to such Solar Assets within sixty (60) days after the original Tax Equity Investor s failure to fund such required capital contribution, the Borrower shall cause the related Financing Fund to transfer any related Solar Assets from such Financing Fund to SAP pursuant to the related SAP Transfer Agreement, if so directed in writing by the Administrative Agent, in accordance with such Master Purchase Agreement or such other Tax Equity Financing Documents for such Financing Fund, as applicable. 
 (DD) Amendment to TEP 8-G Financing Fund . The Borrower shall use commercially reasonable efforts to enter into amendments to the Master Purchase Agreement and other applicable Tax Equity Financing Documents for the TEP 8-G Financing Fund in form and substance reasonable satisfactory to the Administrative Agent within thirty (30) days of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may agree to in its reasonable discretion) in order to permit the transfer of any related Solar Assets from such Financing Fund to SAP in the manner contemplated by Section 5.1(CC), including the entry into a related SAP Transfer Agreement (in form and substance reasonable satisfactory to the Administrative Agent). 
 Section 5.2 Negative Covenants 
 . The Borrower covenants and agrees that, until all Obligations (other than contingent obligations not then due) hereunder have been paid in full, the Borrower will not 
 (A) Business Activities . Conduct any business other than 
 (i) the acquisition from time to time of any or all right, title and (direct or indirect) interest in and to (1) Solar Assets and Solar Asset Owner Member Interests and all rights and interests thereunder or relating thereto pursuant to the Sale and Contribution Agreement and (2) SRECs in accordance with Section 5.2(N) 
 (ii) (1) the conveyance from time to time of Solar Asset Owner Member Interests, SAP Solar Assets or Hedged SREC Solar Assets in connection with a Takeout Transaction, (2) the conveyance from time to time of Solar Assets to SAP and , (3) the sale or transfer from time to time of any Excess SRECs and (4) the conveyance from time to time of Ineligible Solar Assets (so long as no Amortization Event, Borrowing Base Deficiency, Event of Default, Potential Amortization Event or Potential Default has occurred and is continuing (or would result from such conveyance)), as certified by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent (for its behalf and on behalf of the Lenders) in connection with such conveyance 
 (iii) the origination of Hedged SREC Agreements 
 (iv) the execution and delivery by the Borrower from time to time of purchase agreements, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, related to the sale of securities by the Borrower or any of their Affiliates in connection with a Takeout Transaction 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -55- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(v) the performance by the Borrower of all of its obligations under the aforementioned agreements and under this Agreement and any documentation related thereto 
 (vi) the preparation, execution and delivery of any and all other documents and agreements as may be required in connection with the performance of the activities of the Borrower approved above and 
 (vii) to engage in any lawful act or activity and to exercise any powers permitted under the Delaware Limited Liability Company Act that are reasonably related, incidental, necessary, or advisable to accomplish the foregoing or 
 (viii) permit the Managing Members or SAP to conduct any business other than the transactions contemplated by the Tax Equity Financing Documents (including the sale of Tax Credits pursuant to any ITC Transfer Agreements). 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, after the Original Closing Date and at any time on or prior to the earlier of (a) the Maturity Date and (b) the date on which all Obligations (other than contingent obligations not then due) of the Borrower hereunder have been paid in full, the Borrower shall not, without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Majority Lenders (1) purchase or otherwise acquire any Solar Assets or Solar Asset Owner Member Interests, or interests therein, except for acquisitions from TEP Resources pursuant to and in accordance with the Sale and Contribution Agreement, (2) convey or otherwise dispose of any Collateral or interests therein, other than permitted under Section 5.2(A)(ii) or Section 5.2(E) or the SAP Contribution Agreement, or (3) establish any Subsidiaries provided , that notwithstanding this paragraph, the Borrower may continue to own directly or indirectly interests in the Financing Funds and SAP, which shall purchase and acquire Solar Assets in accordance with the terms of the SAP Financing Documents, the SAP NTP Financing Documents or the Tax Equity Financing Documents, as applicable. 
 (B) Sales, Liens, Etc . Except as permitted hereunder (i) sell, assign (by operation of law or otherwise) or otherwise dispose of, or create or suffer to exist any Lien upon or with respect to, the Collateral or any portion thereof, or upon or with respect to the Collection Account or any other account owned by or in the name of the Borrower or SAP to which any Collections are sent, or assign any right to receive income in respect thereof, or (ii) create or suffer to exist any Lien upon or with respect to any of its properties, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, or assign any right to receive income, to secure or provide for the payment of any Indebtedness of any Person or for any other reason provided that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, this Section 5.2(B) shall not prohibit (x) any Lien that constitutes a Permitted Lien or a Permitted Equity Lien, (y) a SAP Transfer or (z) so long as notice is given to Administrative Agent (with a copy to each Lender) under any Facility Administrator Report of any of the following, any actions permitted under Section 5.2(A)(ii) . 
 (C) Indebtedness. Incur or assume any Indebtedness, except Permitted Indebtedness. 
 (D) Loans and Advances. Make any loans or advances to any Person. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -56- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(E) Dividends, Etc. Declare or make any dividend payment or other distribution of assets, properties, cash, rights, obligations or securities on account of any interest in Borrower, or purchase, redeem or otherwise acquire for value any interest in the Affiliated Entities or any rights or options to acquire any such interest to any Person that is not the Borrower, except 
 (i) transfers, dividends or other distributions of Transferable Solar Assets to TEP Resources pursuant to the Sale and Contribution Agreement 
 (ii) distributions of cash by the Borrower to the Borrower s Account in accordance with Section 2.7(B)(xiv) (b) 
 (iii) distributions of Solar Assets that were Substantial Stage Solar Assets or Final Stage Solar Assets in accordance with a SAP Transfer 
 (iv) transfers, dividends or other distributions of Service Incentives, Grid Services Revenue or ITC Transfer Proceeds 
 (v) transfers, dividends or other distributions of Solar Asset Owner Member Interests, SAP Solar Assets or Hedged SREC Solar Assets in connection with a Takeout Transaction 
 (vi) transfers, dividends or other distributions of SREC Direct Sale Proceeds or 
 (vii) transfers, dividends or other distributions of Excess SRECs and Excess SREC Proceeds 
 provided, that the distributions described in Section 5.2(E)(i) shall not be permitted if either an Event of Default or Potential Default would result therefrom unless all outstanding Obligations (other than contingent liabilities for which no claims have been asserted) have been irrevocably paid in full with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon and any related Liquidation Fees provided , further , that nothing in this Section 5.2(E) shall prohibit or limit any Financing Fund Contributions . provided , further , notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in Sections 5.2(E)(vi) and (vii) or otherwise set forth in any Transaction Document, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Borrower shall not effect any transfer, dividend or other distribution of (1) SRECs, (2) SREC Direct Sale Proceeds, (3) Excess SRECs or (4) Excess SREC Proceeds, in each case, owned by any of the Borrower, SAP or the Managing Members, and in each case, not effect any transaction that would prevent the assets described in clauses (1) (4) from constituting Collateral under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, in each case, unless such transaction is effected at arm s length and the proceeds thereof are in cash held by the Borrower and constitute Collateral. 
 (F) Mergers, Etc. Merge or consolidate with or into, or convey, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of (whether in one transaction or in a series of transactions) all or substantially all of its assets (whether now owned or hereafter acquired) to, or acquire all or substantially all of the assets of, any Person, except in connection with the acquisition or sale of Solar Assets or Solar Asset Owner Member Interests and similar property pursuant to the Sale and Contribution Agreement, in 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -57- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

connection with a Takeout Transaction or an acquisition or sale where all Obligations have been paid in full with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon and any related Liquidation Fees. 
 (G) Investments. Make any investment of capital in any Person either by purchase of stock or securities, contributions to capital, property transfer or otherwise or acquire or agree to acquire by any manner any business of any Person except pursuant to the transactions contemplated herein and in the SAP Financing Documents, the SAP NTP Financing Documents or the Tax Equity Financing Documents. 
 (H) Change in Organizational Documents. Amend, modify or otherwise change any of the terms or provisions in its organizational documents as in effect on the Second Amendment and Restatement Date (i) if such amendment, modification or change is immaterial, without the consent of the Administrative Agent or (ii) if such amendment, modification or change is material, without the consent of the Administrative Agent and the Majority Lenders. 
 (I) Transactions with Affiliates. Enter into, or be a party to, any transaction with any of its Affiliates, except (i) the transactions contemplated by the Transaction Documents, the SAP Financing Documents, the SAP NTP Financing Documents, the Tax Equity Financing Documents or any similar conveyance agreement entered into in connection with a Takeout Transaction or SAP Transfer, (ii) any other transactions (including the lease of office space or computer equipment or software by the Borrower from an Affiliate and the sharing of employees and employee resources and benefits) (a) in the ordinary course of business or as otherwise permitted hereunder, (b) pursuant to the reasonable requirements and purposes of the Borrower s business, (c) upon fair and reasonable terms (and, to the extent material, pursuant to written agreements) that are consistent with market terms for any such transaction, and (d) permitted by Section 5.2(B) , Section 5.2(C) , Section 5.2(E) or Section 5.2(F) , (iii) employment and severance arrangements and health, disability and similar insurance or benefit plans between the Borrower and its directors, officers, employees in the ordinary course of business, and (iv) the payment of customary fees and reasonable out of pocket costs to, and indemnities provided on behalf of, directors, managers, consultants, officers and employees of any parent entity of the Borrower to the extent attributable to the ownership or operation of the Borrower. 
 (J) Addition, Termination or Substitution of Accounts . Add, terminate or substitute, or consent to the addition, termination or substitution of, the Collection Account, the Supplemental Reserve Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account, the WIP Reserve Account, the SAP Lockbox Account (including any termination, revocation or substitution of the standing instructions to sweep amounts on deposit in the SAP Lockbox Account into the SAP Revenue Account on a daily basis as set forth in Section 4.1(G) ), the SAP Revenue Account or the Takeout Transaction Account unless the Administrative Agent and the Majority Lenders shall have consented thereto after having received at least thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Borrower neither has nor shall have any control over the Collection Account, the Supplemental Reserve Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account, the WIP Reserve Account, the SAP Lockbox Account, the SAP Revenue Account or the Takeout Transaction Account. For the avoidance of doubt, any Financing Fund Contributions shall not be controlled or distributed through the Paying Agent Accounts. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -58- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(K) Collections. (i) Deposit at any time Collections into any bank account other than in accordance with Section 5.1(R) , (ii) make any change to the payment instructions to a Financing Fund, a Managing Member or SAP in respect of the Solar Asset Owner Member Interests to any other destination other than the Collection Account, (iii) make any change to the payment instructions to any Hedged SREC Counterparty or direct any Hedged SREC Counterparty to make any Hedged SREC Payments to go to any destination other than the Collection Account, or (iv) permit the assets of any Person (other than the Borrower) to be deposited into the Collection Account. 
 (L) Amendments to Transaction Documents . (x) Without the consent of the Administrative Agent and subject to Section 10.2 , amend, modify or otherwise change any of the terms or provisions of any Transaction Document other than (i) supplements identifying Solar Assets and or Solar Asset Owner Member Interests to be transferred in accordance with the Sale and Contribution Agreement, (ii) supplements identifying Solar Assets to be financed in connection with each Funding Date, (iii) amendments, supplements or other changes in accordance with the terms of the applicable Transaction Document, the SAP Financing Documents, the SAP NTP Financing Documents or Tax Equity Financing Document, and (iv) amendments, supplements or other changes with respect to exhibits and schedules to any Transaction Document, the SAP Financing Documents, the SAP NTP Financing Documents or Tax Equity Financing Document that would not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the value, enforceability, or collectability of the Collateral or adversely affect Collections and (y) without the consent of the Majority Class B Lenders, amend, modify or otherwise change the Parent Guaranty or Section 8 of the Sale and Contribution Agreement. 
 (M) Bankruptcy of Tax Equity Parties . Without the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower shall not, directly or indirectly, cause the institution of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings against a Tax Equity Party. 
 (N) SRECs . The Borrower shall not acquire SRECs directly or indirectly from a Financing Fund unless such acquisition (i) is pursuant to distribution of such SRECs from such Financing Fund, (ii) does not require the Borrower to purchase such SRECs or otherwise make any conveyance in exchange for such SRECs and (iii) is made pursuant to documentation acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 (O) Tax Sharing Agreement . Neither SEI nor any of its subsidiaries, including the Borrower, will enter into a tax sharing or other agreement for the use of the tax assets of its consolidated group while the Advances or the Commitments are outstanding. The Borrower shall not be required to make any payments to SEI or any other member of a consolidated group for the use of any tax attribute, including NOLs, while the Advances or the Commitments are outstanding. 
 (P) Tax Treatment . No election will be made to treat the Borrower as other than a corporation for U.S. federal income tax, and applicable state and local tax, purposes. 
 Section 5.3 Covenants Regarding the Solar Asset Owner Member Interests 
 . The Borrower covenants and agrees, that, until all Obligations (other than contingent obligations not then due) hereunder have been paid in full, the Borrower shall 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -59- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(A) determine whether or not to exercise each Purchase Option in accordance with the Purchase Standard. The Borrower will make such determination, and if it determines to do so, will exercise such Purchase Option, no later than sixty (60) days following the related Call Date in accordance with the terms and conditions of the related Financing Fund LLCA. Such determination will take into account whether sufficient funds are available in the Supplemental Reserve Account to pay the related Purchase Option Price, and if such funds are not then available in the Supplemental Reserve Account, the Borrower shall make a determination, in accordance with the Purchase Standard, whether to exercise such Purchase Option as soon thereafter as such funds are available in the Supplemental Reserve Account. Upon the Borrower s exercise and completion of a Purchase Option or exercise and completion of a Financing Fund Withdrawal Right by the related Tax Equity Investor, the Borrower shall (i) instruct the related Financing Fund to pay all distributions to be made by such Financing Fund to the Borrower in respect of the Managing Member Interests and the Tax Equity Investor Interests directly to the Collection Account and deliver to the Administrative Agent the original certificate of the related Managing Member Interests and the related Tax Equity Investor Interests together with instruments of transfer executed in blank, (ii) cause the Managing Members to execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Accession Agreement to the Pledge Agreement covering the Tax Equity Investor Interest acquired pursuant to the Purchase Option or the Financing Fund Withdrawal Right, as applicable, and (iii) cause the Managing Members to amend the related Financing Fund LLCA to require such Financing Fund to have at all times an Independent Director 
 (B) (x) cause the Managing Members (i) to cause each Financing Fund to make all Managing Member Distributions directly to the Collection Account and (ii) to deliver to the Administrative Agent for deposit into the Collection Account any Managing Member Distributions received by the Managing Members and (y) cause SAP to (i) make all SAP Distributions directly to the Collection Account and (ii) to deliver to the Administrative Agent for deposit into the Collection Account any SAP Distributions received by SAP 
 (C) cause each of the Managing Members and SAP (i) to comply with the provisions of its operating agreement and (ii) not to take any action that would cause the Managing Members to violate the provisions of the related Financing Fund LLCA 
 (D) cause each of the Managing Members and SAP to maintain all material licenses and permits required to carry on its business as now conducted and in accordance with the provisions of the Transaction Documents, except to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the interests of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders 
 (E) not permit or consent to the admission of any new member of the Managing Members or SAP other than a successor independent member in accordance with the provisions of their respective operating agreements 
 (F) cause the Managing Members not to permit or consent to the admission of any new member of a Financing Fund other than pursuant to the exercise of a Purchase Option by the Managing Member or the exercise of a Financing Fund Withdrawal Right by the related Tax Equity Investor 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -60- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(G) (i) cause the Managing Members not to make any material amendment to a Tax Equity Financing Document that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the interests of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and (other than amendments to the Tax Equity Financing Documents that are described in and governed by Section 5.3(N)), (ii) cause the Managing Members and SAP not to make any material amendment to their respective operating agreements that could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the interests of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and (iii) provide the Administrative Agent at least three (3) Business Days prior written notice (unless waived by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) of any proposed amendments to a Tax Equity Financing Document or an operating agreement of a Managing Member or SAP which could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the interests of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders 
 (H) cause the Managing Members on their own behalf and on behalf of each Financing Fund (i) to comply with and enforce the provisions of the Tax Loss Insurance Policies and , (ii) not to consent to any amendment to a Tax Loss Insurance Policy to the extent that such amendment could reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the interests of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders and (iii) cause each Tax Loss Insurance Policy to be in full force and effect during the applicable tax loss time period 
 (I) cause the Managing Members to cause each Financing Fund to comply with the provisions of each respective Financing Fund LLCA in all material respects and not take any action that would violate the provisions of such Financing Fund LLCA in any material respect 
 (J) cause the Managing Members to cause each Financing Fund and cause the Managing Members and SAP to maintain all material licenses and permits required to carry on its business as now conducted and in accordance with the provisions of the SAP Financing Documents, the SAP NTP Financing Documents and the Tax Equity Financing Documents, except to the extent the failure to do so could not reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the interests of the Administrative Agent or the Lenders 
 (K) cause the Managing Members to cause the related Financing Funds not to incur any indebtedness or sell, dispose of or other encumber any of its assets other than, in each case, as permitted by (i) the Transaction Documents, (ii) with respect to each related Financing Fund, the applicable Tax Equity Financing Documents as in effect with respect to such Financing Fund as of the date the Borrower acquired the applicable Managing Member of such Financing Fund in accordance with Section 3.3 (solely to the extent the Managing Member of any such Financing Fund can effect such action on behalf of such Financing Fund without the consent of the related Tax Equity Investor) and (iii) with respect to each related Financing Fund, the ITC Transfer Agreements 
 (L) cause the Managing Members to obtain the consent of the Administrative Agent for (i) any Major Actions to be taken (other than amendments to Tax Equity Financing Documents, which shall be governed by Section 5.3(G)(i) or (ii) any action that could reasonably be expected to cause a Material Adverse Effect 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -61- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(M) cause the Managing Members on their own behalf and on behalf of each Financing Fund to not enter into any ITC Transfer Agreement without the consent of the Administrative Agent and 
 (N) cause the Managing Members not to include any DC Tax Credit Adder and or a Tax Credit adder for low-income communities (as provided for in Section 48(e) or Section 48E(h) of the Internal Revenue Code) in (i) any final true-up calculation for any Financing Fund or (ii) if not previously approved for such Financing Fund in connection with a final true-up calculation, any applicable tax return claiming any such adder, in each case, without the consent of the Administrative Agent (such Administrative Agent consent subject to reasonably satisfactory due diligence provided to the Administrative Agent and all Lenders) provided that , at any time prior to the date of any DC Tax Credit Adder being included in a final true-up calculation or claimed in any applicable tax return, the Managing Members shall not, without consent of the Administrative Agent, with respect to such Financing Fund, (A) change any approved equipment treated as having Domestic Manufactured Products and Components Costs (described in IRS Notice 2023-38), (B) change any material component of the calculation method for DC Tax Credit Adders from a calculation method previously approved by the Administrative Agent, or (C) change material assumptions used in the calculation of DC Tax Credit Adders in a manner that results in Solar Assets having a higher adjusted percentage for the Adjusted Percentage Rule (described in IRS Notice 2023-38) than the percentage that would have resulted for such Solar Assets had previous assumptions from the Borrower s consultants and accountants instead been applied. 
 ARTICLE VI Events of Default 
 Section 6.1 Events of Default 
 . The occurrence of any of the following specified events shall constitute an event of default under this Agreement (each, an Event of Default 
 (A) Non-Payment. (i) The Borrower shall fail to make any required payment of principal (excluding any payment required to be made to cure a Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency during the Amortization Period) or interest when due hereunder (excluding Class A Subordinated Interest Distribution Amounts, Class B Subordinated Interest Distribution Amounts and Additional Interest Distribution Amounts during the Amortization Period) and such failure shall continue unremedied for two (2) Business Days after the day such payment is due or (ii) the Borrower shall fail to pay the Aggregate Outstanding Advances by the Maturity Date, or (iii) the Borrower shall fail to make any required payment on any other Obligation when due hereunder or under any other Transaction Document and such failure under this sub-clause (iii) shall continue unremedied for five (5) Business Days after the earlier of (a) written notice of such failure shall have been given to the Borrower by the Administrative Agent or any Lender or (b) the date upon which a Responsible Officer of the Borrower obtained knowledge of such failure. 
 (B) Representations . Any representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Borrower (other than pursuant to Section 4.1(U) hereof or, with respect to the Parent only, Section 4.1(L) hereof), a Seller, TEP Resources, the Parent, the Facility Administrator, the Managing 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -62- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Members or SAP herein or in any other Transaction Document (after giving effect to any qualification as to materiality set forth therein, if any) shall prove to have been inaccurate in any material respect when made and such defect, to the extent it is capable of being cured, is not cured within thirty (30) days from the earlier of (i) the date of receipt by the Borrower, the Parent, a Seller, TEP Resources, the Facility Administrator, the Managing Members or SAP, as the case may be, of written notice from the Administrative Agent of such failure by the Borrower, the Parent, the Facility Administrator, a Seller, TEP Resources, the Managing Members or SAP, as the case may be, or (ii) the date upon which a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, the Parent, the Facility Administrator, a Seller, TEP Resources, the Managing Members or SAP, as the case may be, obtained knowledge of such failure. 
 (C) Covenants . The Borrower, a Seller, TEP Resources, the Facility Administrator, the Managing Members or SAP shall fail to perform or observe any other term, covenant or agreement contained in this Agreement or in any other Transaction Document which (other than with respect to Section 5.1(DD)) has not been cured within thirty (30) days from the earlier of (i) the date of receipt by the Borrower, a Seller, TEP Resources, the Facility Administrator, the Managing Members or SAP, as the case may be, of written notice from the Administrative Agent of such failure by the Borrower, the Parent, the Facility Administrator, a Seller, TEP Resources, the Managing Members or SAP, as the case may be, or (ii) the date upon which a Responsible Officer of the Borrower, the Parent, the Facility Administrator, a Seller, TEP Resources, the Managing Members or SAP, as the case may be, obtained knowledge of such failure. 
 (D) Validity of Transaction Documents. This Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall (except in accordance with its terms), in whole or in part, cease to be (i) in full force and effect and or (ii) the legally valid, binding and enforceable obligation of a Seller, TEP Resources, the Borrower, the Parent, the Facility Administrator, a Managing Member or SAP. 
 (E) Insolvency Event. An Insolvency Event shall have occurred with respect to SEI, Parent, a Seller, TEP Resources, Borrower, the Facility Administrator, a Managing Member, SAP or a Financing Fund. 
 (F) Breach of Parent Guaranty Failure to Pay Liquidated Damages Amounts. (i) Any failure (after the expiration of any cure period therein) by Parent to perform under the Parent Guaranty provided that a breach by Parent of the Financial Covenants is not an Event of Default hereunder , or (ii) any failure of a Seller or TEP Resources to pay Liquidated Damages Amounts pursuant to the Sale and Contribution Agreement (after the expiration of any cure period therein) . 
 (G) ERISA Event. Either (i) any ERISA Event shall have occurred or (ii) the assets of the Borrower become subject to Title I of ERISA, Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code, or, by reason of any investment in the Borrower by any governmental plan, as the case may be, any other federal, state, or local provision similar to Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 (H) Borrowing Base Deficiency. (i) A Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency or, during the Availability Period, a Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency in an aggregate amount equal to or less than continues for more than five (5) consecutive Business Days or (ii) a Class A Borrowing 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -63- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Base Deficiency (or, during the Availability Period, a Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency) in an aggregate amount greater than continues for more than two (2) consecutive Business Days. 
 (I) Security Interest. The Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders, ceases to have a first priority perfected security interest in Collateral having a value in excess of the lesser of 1.00 of the Aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance and 1,000,000 and such failure shall continue unremedied for more than five (5) Business Days unless such Liens with a higher priority than the Administrative Agent s Liens are Permitted Liens or Permitted Equity Liens provided that if such cessation in security interest is due to Administrative Agent s actions, then no Event of Default shall be deemed to occur under this Section 6.1(I) . 
 (J) Judgments . There shall remain in force, undischarged, unsatisfied, and unstayed for more than thirty (30) consecutive days, any final non-appealable judgment against any Relevant Party in excess of 250,000, in each case over and above the amount of insurance coverage available from a financially sound insurer that has not denied coverage. 
 (K) 1940 Act . Any Relevant Party becomes, or becomes controlled by, an entity required to register as an investment company under the 1940 Act. 
 (L) Hedging. (i) Failure of the Borrower to maintain Hedge Agreements satisfying the Hedge Requirements (except to the extent such failure is solely a result of a Hedge Counterparty ceasing to be a Qualifying Hedge Counterparty, which shall be governed by clause (ii) of this Section 6.1(L) and such failure continues for five (5) Business Days or (ii) any Hedge Counterparty ceases to be a Qualifying Hedge Counterparty and such Hedge Counterparty is not replaced with a Qualifying Hedge Counterparty within twenty (20) Business Days. 
 (M) Change of Control . The occurrence of a Change of Control . provided , however , that any restructuring, refinancing or incurrence of indebtedness by SEI or Parent that triggers a Change of Control under clause (xiii) of the definition thereof shall only trigger an Event of Default under this clause (M) after such indebtedness has remained outstanding for thirty (30) days and has not been further modified or refinanced during such period in a manner to cure the breach under clause (xiii) of the definition of Change of Control. 
 (N) Financing Fund Material Adverse Effect . The occurrence of any event that results in a Material Adverse Effect (as defined in the Financing Fund LLCA) with respect to a Managing Member or a Financing Fund. 
 (O) Replacement of Manager . The Manager resigns, removed or is replaced under a Management Agreement or a Servicing Agreement and, in each case, a replacement Manager, acceptable to the Administrative Agent has not accepted an appointment under such agreement within sixty (60) days of such resignation or removal. 
 (P) Parent SEI Material Adverse Effect . A representation or warranty made or deemed made by the Borrower pursuant to Section 4.1(L) hereof regarding the Parent or SEI shall prove to have been inaccurate in any material respect when made and such defect, to the extent it is capable 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -64- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

of being cured, is not cured within ninety (90) days from the earlier of the date of receipt by the Borrower of written notice from the Administrative Agent of such failure by the Borrower. 
 (Q) Resignation or Removal of Managing Member . A Managing Member resigns or is removed under a Financing Fund LLCA. 
 (R) Manager Replacement Transition Plan . (i) Sunnova Management itself, or the services provided by the Manager under the Management Agreements and the Servicing Agreements, as applicable, are not restructured to limit the likelihood that the entity thereto would be made subject to a bankruptcy proceeding of SEI, Intermediate Holdco, Sunnova Inventory Holdings, Sunnova Inventory Pledgor, TEP Inventory, SAP Seller, Financing Fund Seller or, if such Person is itself not restructured in accordance with this clause (i), Sunnova Management, in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, by March 31, 2025 (the foregoing, the Restructured O&M and Services Arrangement and the Person or Persons providing such services in connection therewith, collectively, the Restructured O&M and Services Provider or (ii) one or more Acceptable Back-Up O&M and Services Providers providing back-up services in respect of the services provided by the Manager under the Management Agreements and the Servicing Agreements, as applicable, is not engaged by March 31, 2025 (the foregoing, collectively, the Third-Party Back-Up O&M and Services Engagement and the Acceptable Back-Up O&M and Services Provider or Acceptable Back-Up O&M and Services Providers engaged in connection therewith, collectively, the Engaged Back-Up O&M and Services Provider provided that, (a) notwithstanding any provision herein or in any other Transaction Document to the contrary, the Borrower shall be permitted to terminate any arrangements with Engaged Back-Up O&M and Services Providers and replace such arrangements (in whole or in part) with agreements with the Restructured O&M and Services Provider upon implementation of the Restructured O&M and Services Arrangement and (ii) the date set forth in each of clauses (i) and (ii) may be extended from time to time by the Administrative Agent (in its reasonable discretion). 
 Section 6.2 Remedies 
 . If any Event of Default shall then be continuing, the Administrative Agent (i) may, in its discretion, or (ii) shall, upon the written request of the Majority Lenders (or, with respect to paragraph (D) below, in the event that proceeds of such foreclosure or liquidation are less than the aggregate amount of all Class A Obligations then outstanding, upon the written direction of Class A Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) having Class A Advances equal to or exceeding eighty percent (80.0 of all Class A Advances (other than Class A Advances to Defaulting Lenders) then outstanding), by written notice to the Borrower and the Lenders, take any or all of the following actions, without prejudice to the rights of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to enforce its claims against the Borrower in any manner permitted under applicable law 
 (A) declare the Commitments terminated, whereupon the Commitment of each Lender shall forthwith terminate immediately without any other notice of any kind 
 (B) declare the principal of and any accrued interest in respect of the Class A Advances, the Class B Advances and all other Obligations owing hereunder and thereunder to be, whereupon the same shall become, immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower provided, that, upon the 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -65- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

occurrence of an Insolvency Event with respect to the Borrower, the principal of and any accrued interest in respect of the Advances and all other Obligations owing hereunder shall be immediately due and payable without any notice to the Borrower or Lenders 
 (C) if the Facility Administrator is Sunnova Management, replace the Facility Administrator with a Successor Facility Administrator in accordance with the Facility Administration Agreement and or 
 (D) foreclose on and liquidate the Collateral or to the extent permitted by the Tax Equity Financing Documents, the Solar Assets owned by a Financing Fund, and pursue all other remedies available under the Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty and the other Transaction Documents, subject to the terms of the Tax Equity Financing Documents. 
 Section 6.3 Class B Buyout Option 
 . 
 (A) The Administrative Agent shall provide prompt written notice (the Triggering Event Notice to the Class B Lenders if an Event of Default shall have occurred and (i) the Administrative Agent shall have declared the Class A Advances, the Class B Advances and all other Obligations hereunder and thereunder immediately due and payable, (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have commenced enforcement proceedings against the Borrower and the Collateral or (iii) an Event of Default shall be continuing for sixty (60) days and the Administrative Agent shall not have commenced enforcement proceedings against the Borrower and the Collateral provided , however , that, in no event shall the Administrative Agent be obligated to send to the Class B Lenders more than one (1) Triggering Event Notice in respect of any single event or occurrence as to which such notice relates. The Triggering Event Notice shall include the bank account information for payment of the Class B Buyout Amount and the following (including supporting detail) without duplication (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Class A Advances, interest and fees with respect thereto (but excluding any prepayment fees or penalties), the fees, expenses and indemnities due the Administrative Agent, and all other Obligations owing to the Class A Lenders then outstanding and unpaid and (ii) the Obligations owing to the Class A Lenders expected to accrue through the Class B Buyout Option Exercise Date provided that any such amounts that are not earned or actually due and owing as of the Class B Buyout Option Exercise Date shall not be required to be paid on the Class B Buyout Option Exercise Date) and (iii) the amount of all liabilities that have been incurred by the Borrower under Section 10.5 to the Class A Lenders (such amounts in clause (iii), the Class A Indemnified Liabilities , and such amounts in clauses (i) through (iii), collectively, Estimated Class B Buyout Amount ). 
 (B) The Class B Lenders shall have the option (the Class B Buyout Option ), exercised by delivery of a written notice to the Administrative Agent and the other Class B Lenders (a Class B Buyout Notice ), to purchase all (but not less than all) of the aggregate principal amount of the Class A Advances, together with interest and fees due with respect thereto, and all other Obligations owing to the Class A Lenders (collectively, the Class B Purchase Rights ). Unless the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders), in each case, agrees in writing to a longer time period, the Class B Purchase Right shall be exercisable by any one or more Class B Lenders for a period of ten (10) Business Days, commencing on the date on which the 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -66- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Administrative Agent provides the Triggering Event Notice (each such date, a Class B Purchase Right Termination Date ). The Class A Lenders shall retain all rights to be indemnified or held harmless by the Borrower in accordance with the terms of this Agreement with respect to any contingent claims for indemnification or cost reimbursement that are not paid as part of the Class B Buyout Amount. Prior to the applicable Class B Purchase Right Termination Date, any one or more Class B Lenders may exercise the Class B Purchase Right (each, a Buyout Class B Lender by delivering the Class B Buyout Notice, which notice (i) shall be irrevocable (unless the final Class B Buyout Amount is more than higher than the Estimated Class B Buyout Amount set forth in the Triggering Event Notice, in which case such Class B Buyout Notice may be revoked in the sole and absolute discretion of the applicable Class B Lender at any time prior to the Class B Buyout Option Exercise Date), (ii) shall state that each such Class B Lender is electing to exercise the Class B Purchase Rights (ratably based on the aggregate Class B Commitments of the Non-Conduit Lenders related to each Buyout Class B Lender over the aggregate Class B Commitments of the Non-Conduit Lenders related to all Buyout Class B Lenders or such other allocation as the related Class B Lenders shall agree) and (iii) shall specify the date on which such right is to be exercised by such Class B Lenders (such date, the Class B Buyout Option Exercise Date ), which date shall be a Business Day not more than fifteen (15) Business Days after receipt by the Administrative Agent and the other Class B Lenders of such notice(s). 
 (C) On the Business Day prior to the Class B Buyout Option Exercise Date, the Administrative Agent shall deliver to each Buyout Class B Lender a written notice specifying (without duplication) the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Class A Advances, interest and fees with respect thereto (but excluding any prepayment fees or penalties) and all other Obligations owing to the Class A Lenders then outstanding and unpaid as of the Class B Buyout Option Exercise Date and, subject to and in accordance with Section 10.5 , Class A Indemnified Liabilities then outstanding and unpaid of which it is then aware (collectively, the Class B Buyout Amount ). On the Class B Buyout Option Exercise Date, the Administrative Agent shall cause the Class A Lenders to sell, and the Class A Lenders shall sell, to the Buyout Class B Lenders their respective pro rata portions of the Class B Buyout Amounts, and such Class B Lenders shall purchase from the Class A Lenders, at their respective pro rata portions of the Class B Buyout Amount, all of the Class A Advances. The Class A Lenders shall cooperate with the Administrative Agent in effectuating such sales of their respective Class A Advances. 
 (D) Upon the date of such purchase and sale, each Buyout Class B Lender shall (i) pay to the Class A Lenders its pro rata portion of the Class B Buyout Amount therefor and (ii) agree to indemnify and hold harmless the Administrative Agent and the Class A Lenders from and against any loss, liability, claim, damage or expense (including reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel and indemnification) arising out of any claim asserted by a third party as a direct result of any acts by the Buyout Class B Lenders occurring after the date of such purchase (but excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, any such loss, liability, claim, damage or expense resulting from the gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent or any Class A Lender seeking indemnification). The Class B Buyout Amount and other sums shall be remitted by wire transfer of immediately available funds to the bank account set forth in the Triggering Event Notice. In connection with the foregoing purchase, accrued and unpaid interest on the Class A Advances shall be calculated through the Business Day on which such purchase and sale shall occur if the amounts so paid by the Buyout Class B Lenders to the bank account designated by the Class A 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -67- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Lenders are received in such account prior to at before 1 00 P.M., New York time and interest shall be calculated to and include the next Business Day if the amounts so paid by the Buyout Class B Lenders to the bank account designated by the Class A Lenders are received in such account later than 1 00 P.M., New York time. 
 (E) Any purchase pursuant to this Section 6.3 shall be expressly made without representation or warranty of any kind by the Class A Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any other Person as to the Obligations owing to the Class A Lenders or otherwise and without recourse to the Class A Lenders, the Administrative Agent or any other Person, except that the Class A Lenders shall represent and warrant (i) the amount of Class A Advances being purchased and that the purchase price and other sums payable by the Buyout Class B Lenders are true, correct and accurate amounts, (ii) that the Class A Lenders shall convey all right, title and interest in and to the Class A Advances free and clear of any Liens of the Class A Lenders or created or suffered to exist by the Class A Lenders, (iii) as to the absence of any claims made or threatened in writing against the Class A Lenders related to the Class A Advances, and (iv) the Class A Lenders are duly authorized to assign the Class A Advances. 
 Section 6.4 Sale of Collateral 
 . 
 . (A) The power to effect any sale of any portion of the Collateral upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to this Article VI , the Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement and the SAP Lockbox Account Control Agreement shall not be exhausted by any one or more sales as to any portion of the Collateral remaining unsold, but shall continue unimpaired until all Collateral shall have been sold or until all Obligations (other than contingent obligations not then due) hereunder have been paid in full. The Administrative Agent acting on its own or through an agent, may from time to time postpone any sale by public announcement made at the time and place of such sale. 
 (B) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein, but subject in all events to clause (v) of this Section 6.4(B) , if the Administrative Agent (acting at the written direction of the Majority Lenders) elects to solicit and accept bids in connection with, and to sell or dispose of, the Collateral, the Administrative Agent shall deliver a notice (a Collateral Sale Notice of such sale to the Borrower and the Lenders. The date of the intended sale of Collateral (the Intended Collateral Sale Date need not be specified in the Collateral Sale Notice but shall be a date after the related Class B Purchase Right Termination Date described in Section 6.3(B) . The Collateral Sale Notice shall include the following (including supporting detail) without duplication (i) the aggregate principal amount of the Class A Advances, interest and fees with respect thereto (but excluding any prepayment fees or penalties), the fees, expenses and indemnities due the Administrative Agent, and all other Obligations owing to the Class A Lenders then outstanding and unpaid, (ii) the Obligations owing to the Class A Lenders expected to accrue through the Intended Collateral Sale Date provided that any such amounts that are not earned or actually due and owing as of the Intended Collateral Sale Date shall not be required to be paid on the Intended Collateral Sale Date) and (iii) the amount of Class A Indemnified Liabilities. Following receipt of the Collateral Sale Notice 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -68- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(i) The Class B Lenders shall have the right to purchase all (but not less than all) of the Collateral (the Class B Collateral Purchase Right at a price equal to (without duplication) the aggregate principal amount of the Class A Advances, interest and fees with respect thereto (but excluding any prepayment fees or penalties), the fees, expenses and indemnities due the Administrative Agent, and all other Obligations owing to the Class A Lenders then outstanding and unpaid as of the Intended Collateral Sale Date and, subject to and in accordance with Section 10.5 , Class A Indemnified Liabilities then outstanding and unpaid of which it is then aware (collectively, the Class B Collateral Purchase Amount ). If any Class B Lender desires to exercise its Class B Collateral Purchase Right, it shall send a written notice (a Class B Collateral Exercise Notice to the Administrative Agent no later than the thirtieth (30th) day after receipt of the Collateral Sale Notice (the Class B Collateral Exercise Deadline irrevocably and unconditionally agreeing to purchase all (but not less than all) of the Collateral on a Business Day which is no later than the fifth (5th) Business Day following delivery of its Class B Collateral Exercise Notice (the Class B Collateral Purchase Date at a price equal to the Class B Collateral Purchase Amount. 
 (ii) If the Administrative Agent receives only one Class B Collateral Exercise Notice prior to the Class B Collateral Exercise Deadline, then the Class B Lender who delivered such Class B Collateral Exercise Notice shall be deemed to have exercised the Class B Collateral Purchase Right and shall be obligated to purchase all (but not less than all) of the Collateral on the Class B Collateral Purchase Date on terms and at a price equal to the Class B Collateral Purchase Amount. 
 (iii) If the Administrative Agent receives more than one Class B Collateral Exercise Notice prior to the Class B Collateral Exercise Deadline (the senders of such Class B Collateral Exercise Notice, each a Bidder ), the Administrative Agent shall schedule a meeting or conference call (the Final Auction for 10 00 A.M. (or such other time as may be acceptable to the Administrative Agent and each Bidder) on the date that is two (2) Business Days prior to the Class B Collateral Purchase Date. At such meeting or on such call, each Bidder shall be entitled to make one or more irrevocable and unconditional bids to purchase all (but not less than all) of the Collateral on the Class B Collateral Purchase Date at an all cash price greater than the Class B Collateral Purchase Amount. The Final Auction shall conclude upon the earlier of (a) the time when all Bidders (other than the Bidder who made the then highest bid) confirm they will not make any further bids and (b) thirty (30) minutes having elapsed since the making of the then highest bid. The Bidder that has made the highest bid when the Final Auction has concluded shall be deemed to have exercised the Class B Collateral Purchase Right and shall be obligated irrevocably and unconditionally to purchase all (but not less than all) of the Collateral on the Class B Collateral Purchase Date at a price equal to such highest bid. 
 (iv) If the Administrative Agent receives no Class B Collateral Exercise Notice prior to the Class B Collateral Exercise Deadline or the sale of the Collateral is for any reason not consummated on the Class B Collateral Purchase Date, the Class B Collateral Purchase Right shall terminate automatically without notice or any action required on the part of any Person and the Administrative Agent shall, subject to the terms of this 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -69- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Agreement, proceed with a sale of the Collateral (or rights or interests therein), at one or more public or private sales as permitted by law. Each of the Lenders may bid on and purchase the Collateral (or rights or interest therein) at such a sale. 
 (v) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Section 6.4(B) , the Majority Lenders agree not to instruct the Administrative Agent to solicit and accept bids in connection with, or to sell or dispose of, the Collateral following the occurrence of an Event of Default unless and until (i) no Class B Lender shall have duly delivered to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.3 a Class B Buyout Notice for such Class B Lender on or prior to the related Class B Purchase Right Termination Date or (ii) the Class B Lenders who have delivered timely Class B Buyout Notice(s) shall have failed to pay the Class B Buyout Amount for such Class B Lender in full on the related Class B Buyout Option Exercise Date all in accordance with Section 6.3 . 
 (C) If the Class B Lenders do not elect to exercise the Class B Collateral Purchase Right prior to the Class B Collateral Exercise Deadline, then the Administrative Agent shall sell the Collateral as otherwise set forth in this Section 6.4 and pursuant to the other Transaction Documents. The Class B Lenders shall also have the right to bid for and purchase the Collateral offered for sale at a public auction conducted by the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 6.4 and the other Transaction Documents and, upon compliance with the terms of any such sale, may hold, retain and dispose of such property without further accountability therefor. Any Class B Lender purchasing Collateral at such a sale may set off the purchase price of such property against amounts owing to it in payment of such purchase price up to the full amount owing to it so long as the cash portion of such purchase price equals or exceeds either the (x) cash portion of the next highest bidder in such auction or (y) amount required to pay off the Class A Obligations in full. 
 (D) Unless otherwise stipulated at the time of sale, the Collateral or any portion thereof are to be sold on an as is-where is basis. 
 (E) The Administrative Agent shall incur no liability as a result of the sale (whether public or private) of the Collateral or any part thereof at any sale pursuant to this Agreement conducted in a commercially reasonable manner and at the written direction of the Majority Lenders. Each of the Borrower and the Secured Parties hereby agrees that in respect of any sale of any of the Collateral pursuant to the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized to comply with any limitation or restriction in connection with such sale as it may be advised by counsel is necessary in order to avoid any violation of Applicable Laws, or in order to obtain any required approval of the sale or of the purchaser by any Governmental Authority, and the Borrower and the Secured Parties further agree that such compliance shall not, in and of itself, result in such sale being considered or deemed not to have been made in a commercially reasonable manner, nor shall the Administrative Agent be liable or accountable to the Borrower or the Secured Parties for any discount allowed by reason of the fact that the Collateral or any part thereof is sold in compliance with any such limitation or restriction. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -70- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

ARTICLE VII The Administrative Agent and Funding Agents 
 Section 7.1 Appointment Nature of Relationship 
 . The Administrative Agent is appointed by the Funding Agents and the Lenders (and by each Hedge Counterparty by execution of a Qualifying Hedge Counterparty Joinder, if applicable) as the Administrative Agent hereunder and under each other Transaction Document, and each of the Funding Agents and the Lenders and each such Hedge Counterparty irrevocably authorizes the Administrative Agent to act as the contractual representative of such Funding Agent and such Lender and such Hedge Counterparty with the rights and duties expressly set forth herein and in the other Transaction Documents. The Administrative Agent agrees to act as such contractual representative upon the express conditions contained in this Article VII . Except as otherwise provided in Section 7.9 , the provisions of this Article VII are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, the Funding Agents and the Lenders, and the Borrower shall not have rights as a third-party beneficiary of any of such provision. Notwithstanding the use of the defined term Administrative Agent, it is expressly understood and agreed that the Administrative Agent shall not have any fiduciary responsibilities to any Funding Agent or Lender or any Hedge Counterparty by reason of this Agreement and that the Administrative Agent is merely acting as the representative of the Funding Agents, the Lenders and each Hedge Counterparty with only those duties as are expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. In its capacity as the Funding Agents , the Lenders and each Hedge Counterparty s contractual representative, the Administrative Agent (A) does not have any implied duties and does not assume any fiduciary duties to any of the Funding Agents, the Lenders or any Hedge Counterparty, (B) is a representative of the Funding Agents, the Lenders and each Hedge Counterparty within the meaning of Section 9-102 of the UCC as in effect in the State of New York, and (C) is acting as an independent contractor, the rights and duties of which are limited to those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. Each of the Funding Agents, the Lenders and the Hedge Counterparties agree to assert no claim against the Administrative Agent on any agency theory or any other theory of liability for breach of fiduciary duty, all of which claims each Funding Agent, each Lender and each Hedge Counterparty waives. 
 Section 7.2 Powers 
 . 
 (A) Each Funding Agent, Lender and Hedge Counterparty authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such action on such Funding Agent s, Lender s or Hedge Counterparty s behalf and to exercise such powers, rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents as are specifically delegated or granted to the Administrative Agent by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers, rights and remedies as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Administrative Agent shall have only those duties and responsibilities that are expressly specified herein and in the other Transaction Documents. The Administrative Agent may exercise such powers, rights and remedies and perform such duties by or through its agents or employees. The Administrative Agent shall not have, by reason hereof or in any of the other Transaction Documents, a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Funding Agent, Lender or Hedge Counterparty and nothing herein or any of the other Transaction Documents, expressed or implied, is intended to or shall be so 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -71- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

construed as to impose upon the Administrative Agent any obligations in respect hereof or any of the other Transaction Documents except as expressly set forth herein or therein. 
 (B) The agency hereby created shall in no way impair or affect any of the rights and powers of, or impose any duties or obligations upon the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender hereunder. The Person serving as the Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers hereunder and under any other Transaction Document as any other Lender and may exercise the same as if it were not performing the duties and functions delegated to it hereunder, and the term Lender shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include the Administrative Agent in its individual capacity. The Administrative Agent may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of trust, debt, equity or other transaction, in addition to those contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, with the Borrower or any of its Affiliates in which such Person is not prohibited hereby from engaging with any other Person. 
 (C) In case of the pendency of any proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, the Administrative Agent (irrespective of whether the principal of any Advance shall then be due and payable as herein expressed or by declaration or otherwise and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent shall have made any demand on the Borrower) shall be entitled and empowered (but not obligated) by intervention in such proceeding or otherwise 
 (i) to file and prove a claim for the whole amount of the principal and interest owing and unpaid in respect of the Advances and all other Obligations that are owing and unpaid and to file such other documents as may be necessary or advisable in order to have the claims of the Lenders, the Funding Agents, the Hedge Counterparties and the Administrative Agent (including any claim for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Lenders, the Funding Agents and the Administrative Agent and their respective agents and counsel and all other amounts due the Lenders, the Funding Agents, the Hedge Counterparties and the Administrative Agent under Section 10.6 allowed in such judicial proceeding and 
 (ii) to collect and receive any monies or other property payable or deliverable on any such claims and to distribute the same 
 and any custodian, receiver, assignee, trustee, liquidator, sequestrator or other similar official in any such judicial proceeding is hereby authorized by each Lender, Funding Agent and Hedge Counterparty to make such payments to the Administrative Agent and, in the event that the Administrative Agent shall consent to the making of such payments directly to the Lenders and the Funding Agents and the Hedge Counterparties, to pay to the Administrative Agent any amount due for the reasonable compensation, expenses, disbursements and advances of the Administrative Agent and its agents and counsel, and any other amounts due the Administrative Agent under Section 10.6 . 
 Section 7.3 Exculpatory Provisions 
 . Neither the Administrative Agent nor any of its officers, partners, directors, employees or agents shall be liable to the Borrower, any Funding Agent, any Lender or any Hedge Counterparty for any action taken or omitted by the Administrative Agent under or in connection with any of the 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -72- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Transaction Documents except to the extent such action or inaction is found in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen solely from (A) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Person or (B) breach of contract by such Person with respect to the Transaction Documents. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to refrain from any act or the taking of any action (including the failure to take an action) in connection herewith or any of the other Transaction Documents or from the exercise of any power, discretion or authority vested in it hereunder or thereunder unless and until the Administrative Agent shall have received instructions in respect thereof from the Lenders as directed by the terms of this Agreement or other Transaction Document, or, in the absence of such direction, the Majority Lenders, and such instructions and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding on all of the Lenders and on all holders of Loan Notes. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, (i) the Administrative Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action hereunder and under any other Transaction Document unless it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders pro rata against any and all liability, cost and expense that it may incur by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action (ii) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any Class A Loan Note, Class B Loan Note, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, statement, paper, communication, instrument or document believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person or Persons, and shall be entitled to rely and shall be protected in relying on opinions and judgments of counsel, accountants, experts and other professional advisors selected by it with due care and (iii) no Lender, Funding Agent or Hedge Counterparty shall have any right of action whatsoever against the Administrative Agent as a result of the Administrative Agent acting or (where so instructed) refraining from acting hereunder or any of the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the instructions or with the consent of the applicable Lenders. 
 Section 7.4 No Responsibility for Certain Matters 
 . The Administrative Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall not be responsible to any Funding Agent, any Lender or any Hedge Counterparty for the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, enforceability, collectability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or for any representations, warranties, recitals or statements made herein or therein or made in any written or oral statements or in any financial or other statements, instruments, reports or certificates or any other documents furnished or made by or on behalf of the Borrower, the Facility Administrator or Parent or their respective affiliates to the Administrative Agent, any Funding Agent, any Lender or any Hedge Counterparty in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby or for the financial condition or business affairs of the Borrower, the Facility Administrator or Parent or their respective affiliates to the Administrative Agent or any other Person liable for the payment of any Obligations, nor shall the Administrative Agent be required to ascertain or inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, conditions, provisions, covenants or agreements contained in any of the Transaction Documents or as to the use of the proceeds of the Advances or as to the existence or possible existence of any Event of Default or Potential Default or to make any disclosures with respect to the foregoing. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall have no duty or obligation whatsoever to make, verify, or recompute any numerical information or other calculations under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, including any numerical information and other calculations included in any Borrowing Base 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -73- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Certificate, Facility Administrator Report or otherwise, and the Administrative Agent shall have no duty or liability to confirm, verify or review the contents, and shall not be responsible for the accuracy or content, of any documents, certificates or opinions delivered in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. In addition, the Administrative Agent shall have no duty or liability to determine whether any Solar Asset is an Eligible Solar Asset or to inspect the Solar Assets at any time or ascertain or inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the Borrower s, the Facility Administrator s or the Parent s or any of their respective affiliate s representations, warranties or covenants. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Administrative Agent shall not have any liability arising from confirmations of the amount of outstanding Advances or the component amounts thereof. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible to any Funding Agent, any Lender or any Hedge Counterparty for the perfection or priority of any of the Liens on any of the Collateral, or for the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, legality, enforceability, collectability, or sufficiency of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby, or for the financial condition of any guarantor of any or all of the Obligations, the Borrower or any of its respective Affiliates. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of Advances that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction of a Lender, the Administrative Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Advance. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel, independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountant or experts. 
 Section 7.5 Delegation of Duties 
 . The Administrative Agent may execute any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Transaction Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may execute any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article VII shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the Facility as well as activities as Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that the Administrative Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 Section 7.6 The Administrative Agent s Reimbursement and Indemnification 
 . Each Non-Conduit Lender, ratably, based on the Class A Lender Group Percentages and the Class B Lender Group Percentages, as applicable, severally agrees to indemnify each of the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates and officers, partners, directors, trustees, employees and agents of the Administrative Agent (each, an Indemnitee Agent Party ), to the extent that such Indemnitee Agent Party shall not have been reimbursed by the Borrower, (A) for any reasonable and documented expenses incurred by such Indemnitee Agent Party on behalf of the Lenders in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administrations and enforcement of the Transaction Documents and (B) for and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including counsel fees and disbursements) or 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -74- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnitee Agent Party in exercising its powers, rights and remedies or performing its duties hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents or otherwise in its capacity as such Indemnitee Agent Party in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY, OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF SUCH INDEMNITEE AGENT PARTY provided , no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Indemnitee Agent Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. If any indemnity furnished to any Indemnitee Agent Party for any purpose shall, in the opinion of such Indemnitee Agent Party, be insufficient or become impaired, such Indemnitee Agent Party may call for additional indemnity and cease, or not commence, to do the acts indemnified against until such additional indemnity is furnished provided further , that in no event shall this sentence require any Lender to indemnify any Indemnitee Agent Party against any liability, obligation, loss, damage, penalty, action, judgment, suit, cost, expense or disbursement in excess of such Lender s pro rata share of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Advances of all Lenders and provided , further , this sentence shall not be deemed to require any Lender to indemnify any Indemnitee Agent Party against any liability, obligation, loss, damage, penalty, action, judgment, suit, cost, expense or disbursement described in the proviso in the immediately preceding sentence. 
 Section 7.7 Reserved 
 . 
 Section 7.8 Lender Credit Decision 
 . Each Lender represents and warrants that it has made its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the Borrower in connection with Advances hereunder and that it has made and shall continue to make its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Borrower. The Administrative Agent shall not have any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to make any such investigation or any such appraisal on behalf of a Lender or, except as otherwise required in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, to provide such Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its possession before the making of the Advances or at any time or times thereafter, and the Administrative Agent shall not have any responsibility with respect to the accuracy of or the completeness of any information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower, the Facility Administrator or the Parent to a Lender. 
 Section 7.9 Successor Administrative Agent 
 . 
 (A) The Administrative Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Lenders, the Funding Agents, each Hedge Counterparty, the Verification Agent, the Paying Agent and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation, the Majority Lenders and the Borrower shall have the right to appoint a successor agent. If no such successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed by the Majority Lenders and the Borrower and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Majority Lenders and the 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -75- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Borrower) (the Administrative Agent Resignation Effective Date , then the retiring Administrative Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders and the Funding Agents, appoint a successor Administrative Agent, provided that in no event shall any such successor Administrative Agent be a Defaulting Lender or a Disqualified Lender. Whether or not a successor has been appointed, such resignation shall become effective in accordance with such notice on the Administrative Agent Resignation Effective Date. Upon appointment of a successor Administrative Agent such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the Administrative Agent and references herein to the Administrative Agent shall mean such successor Administrative Agent, effective upon its appointment and such former Administrative Agent s rights, powers and duties in such capacity shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Administrative Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After any retiring Administrative Agent s resignation hereunder in such capacity, the provisions of this Article VII and Section 2.17 , Section 2.12 , Section 10.5 and Section 10.6 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent under this Agreement. 
 (B) If the Administrative Agent ceases to be a Lender or an Affiliate of any Lender hereunder, or becomes a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) of the definition thereof, the Majority Lenders shall have the right to terminate the Administrative Agent upon ten (10) days notice to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Funding Agents, each Hedge Counterparty, the Verification Agent, the Paying Agent and the Borrower, and the Majority Lenders and the Borrower shall have the right to replace the Administrative Agent with a successor of their choosing. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the Majority Lenders and the Borrower and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Majority Lenders and the Borrower) (the Administrative Agent Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Administrative Agent Removal Effective Date. Upon appointment of a successor Administrative Agent such successor Administrative Agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of the Administrative Agent and references herein to the Administrative Agent shall mean such successor Administrative Agent, effective upon its appointment and such former Administrative Agent s rights, powers and duties in such capacity shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Administrative Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After any terminated Administrative Agent s termination hereunder as such agent, the provisions of this Article VII and Section 2.17 , Section 2.12 , Section 10.5 and Section 10.6 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent under this Agreement. 
 (C) Reserved . 
 (D) If (i) the Class A Commitments of the Lenders in the Atlas Lender Group have expired or terminated and all Obligations due and owing to the Class A Lenders in the Atlas Lender Group have been reduced to zero or (ii) any Class B Lender or Lenders elect to purchase and does purchase all Class A Advances funded by the Class A Lenders pursuant to Section 6.3 on the date on which circumstance described in either preceding clause (i) or (ii) occurs, Atlas (or its successor or 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -76- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

assign under this Agreement) shall assign, at the direction of the Majority Lenders, to the Person specified by the Majority Lenders, and such assignee shall assume (and shall be deemed to have assumed) all of Atlas (or its successor or assign s) rights, powers and duties as Administrative Agent under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents, without further act or deed on the part of the Administrative Agent (or such other Person) or any of the other parties to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document provided that the provisions of this Article VII and Section 2.17 , Section 2.12 , Section 10.5 and Section 10.6 of this Agreement shall inure to its benefit of Atlas (or its successor or assign) as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Administrative Agent. 
 Section 7.10 Transaction Documents Further Assurances 
 . 
 (A) Each Non-Conduit Lender, each Funding Agent and each Hedge Counterparty authorizes the Administrative Agent to enter into each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and each Lender, each Funding Agent and each Hedge Counterparty authorizes the Administrative Agent to take all action contemplated by such documents in its capacity as Administrative Agent. Each Lender, each Funding Agent and each Hedge Counterparty agrees that no Lender, no Funding Agent and no Hedge Counterparty, respectively, shall have the right individually to seek to realize upon the security granted by any Transaction Document or to enforce rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents, it being understood and agreed that the authority to enforce rights and remedies hereunder shall be vested exclusively in, and all actions and proceedings at law in connection with such enforcement shall be instituted and maintained exclusively by, the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Lenders, the Funding Agents and the Hedge Counterparties upon the terms of the Transaction Documents (including Section 6.2 ), provided that the foregoing shall not prohibit 
 (i) the Administrative Agent from exercising on its own behalf the rights and remedies that inure to its benefit (solely in its capacity as Administrative Agent) hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents 
 (ii) any Lender from exercising setoff rights in accordance with Section 10.7 (subject to the terms thereof) or 
 (iii) any Lender from filing proofs of claim or appearing and filing pleadings on its own behalf during the pendency of a proceeding relative to the Borrower under any Debtor Relief Law provided, further , that if at any time there is no Person acting as Administrative Agent hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents, then (x) the Majority Lenders shall have the rights otherwise provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 6.2 and (y) in addition to the matters set forth in clauses (ii) and (iii) of the preceding proviso and subject to Section 10.7 , any Lender may, with the consent of the Majority Lenders, enforce any rights or remedies available to it and as authorized by the Majority Lenders. 
 (B) Any Funding Agent may (in their sole discretion and expense), at any time, have their Advances rated by Moody s, S&P, DBRS, Inc., A.M. Best or Kroll Bond Rating Agency, Inc. Any 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -77- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

such rating shall not be a condition precedent to closing the credit facility or the making of the Advances as set forth in this Agreement. The Borrower, Sunnova Management, and the Parent shall provide reasonable assistance to obtain such rating. For the avoidance of doubt, any such rating shall not be a condition precedent to the exercise of any rights of the Borrower or Sunnova Management under this Agreement. Any costs or fees associated with the rating of the Advances shall be borne by the Funding Agent and the Lenders. 
 (C) Each Lender, by funding an Advance, shall be deemed to have acknowledged receipt of, and consented to and approved, each Transaction Document and each other document required to be approved by the Administrative Agent, any Funding Agent, any Lender or any Hedge Counterparty, as applicable, on the Original Closing Date or any Funding Date. 
 Section 7.11 Collateral Review 
 . 
 (A) Prior to the occurrence of an Event of Default or an Amortization Event , the Administrative Agent and or its designated agent may not more than one (1) time during any given twelve (12) month period (at the expense of the Borrower), upon notice, perform (i) reviews of the Facility Administrator s and or Borrower s business operations and (ii) audits of the Collateral, in all cases, the scope of which shall be determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 (B) After the occurrence of and during the continuance of an Event of Default or an Amortization Event , the Administrative Agent or its designated agent may, in its sole discretion regarding frequency (at the expense of the Borrower), upon reasonable notice, perform (i) reviews of the Facility Administrator s and or Borrower s business operations and (ii) audits or any other review of the Collateral, in all cases, the scope of which shall be determined by the Administrative Agent. 
 (C) The results of any review conducted in accordance with this Section 7.11 shall be distributed by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders. 
 Section 7.12 Funding Agent Appointment Nature of Relationship 
 . 
 (A) Each Funding Agent is appointed by the Lenders in its Lender Group as their agent hereunder, and such Lenders irrevocably authorize such Funding Agent to act as the contractual representative of such Lenders with the rights and duties expressly set forth herein and in the other Transaction Documents. Each Funding Agent agrees to act as such contractual representative upon the express conditions contained in this Article VII . Notwithstanding the use of the defined term Funding Agent, it is expressly understood and agreed that no Funding Agent shall have any fiduciary responsibilities to any Lender by reason of this Agreement and that each Funding Agent is merely acting as the representative of the Lenders in its Lender Group with only those duties as are expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. In its capacity as the related Lenders contractual representative, each Funding Agent (A) does not have any implied duties and does not assume any fiduciary duties to any of the Lenders, (B) is a representative of the Lenders in its Lender Group within the meaning of Section 9-102 of the UCC as in effect in the 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -78- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

State of New York and (C) is acting as an independent contractor, the rights and duties of which are limited to those expressly set forth in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. Each of the Lenders agrees to assert no claim against their Funding Agent on any agency theory or any other theory of liability for breach of fiduciary duty, all of which claims each Lender waives. 
 (B) The agency hereby created shall in no way impair or affect any of the rights and powers of, or impose any duties or obligations upon any Funding Agent in its individual capacity as a Lender hereunder. Each Person serving as Funding Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers hereunder and under any other Transaction Document as any other Lender and may exercise the same as if it were not performing the duties and functions delegated to it hereunder, and the term Lender shall, unless the context clearly otherwise indicates, include such Funding Agent in its individual capacity. Each Funding Agent may accept deposits from, lend money to, and generally engage in any kind of trust, debt, equity or other transaction, in addition to those contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, with the Borrower or any of their Affiliates in which such Person is not prohibited hereby from engaging with any other Person. 
 Section 7.13 Funding Agent Powers 
 . Each Lender authorizes the Funding Agent in its Lender Group to take such action on such Lender s behalf and to exercise such powers, rights and remedies hereunder and under the other Transaction Documents as are specifically delegated or granted to the Funding Agents by the terms hereof and thereof, together with such powers, rights and remedies as are reasonably incidental thereto. The Funding Agents shall have only those duties and responsibilities that are expressly specified herein and in the other Transaction Documents. The Funding Agents may exercise such powers, rights and remedies and perform such duties by or through its agents or employees. The Funding Agents shall not have, by reason hereof or in any of the other Transaction Documents, a fiduciary relationship in respect of any Lender and nothing herein or any of the other Transaction Documents, expressed or implied, is intended to or shall be so construed as to impose upon the Funding Agents any obligations in respect hereof or any of the other Transaction Documents except as expressly set forth herein or therein. 
 Section 7.14 Funding Agent Exculpatory Provisions 
 . Neither any Funding Agent nor any of its officers, partners, directors, employees or agents shall be liable to the Borrower, the Lenders or any Lender for any action taken or omitted by such Funding Agent under or in connection with any of the Transaction Documents except to the extent such action or inaction is found in a final non-appealable judgment by a court of competent jurisdiction to have arisen solely from (A) the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Person or (B) breach of contract by such Person with respect to the Transaction Documents. Each Funding Agent shall be entitled to refrain from any act or the taking of any action (including the failure to take an action) in connection herewith or any of the other Transaction Documents or from the exercise of any power, discretion or authority vested in it hereunder or thereunder unless and until such Funding Agent shall have received instructions in respect thereof from each of the Lenders in its Lender Group as directed by the terms of this Agreement or other Transaction Document, and such instructions and any action taken or failure to act pursuant thereto shall be binding on all such Lenders. Without prejudice to the generality of the foregoing, (i) each Funding Agent shall be fully justified in failing or refusing to take any action hereunder and under any other Transaction Document unless it shall first be indemnified to its satisfaction by the Lenders in its Lender Group 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -79- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

pro rata against any and all liability, cost and expense that it may incur by reason of taking or continuing to take any such action (ii) each Funding Agent shall be entitled to rely, and shall be fully protected in relying, upon any Loan Note, notice, consent, certificate, affidavit, letter, telegram, statement, paper, communication, instrument or document believed by it to be genuine and correct and to have been signed or otherwise authenticated by the proper Person or Persons, and shall be entitled to rely and shall be protected in relying on opinions and judgments of counsel, accountants, experts and other professional advisors selected by it with due care and (iii) no Lender shall have any right of action whatsoever against the Funding Agents as a result of such Funding Agent acting or (where so instructed) refraining from acting hereunder or any of the other Transaction Documents in accordance with the instructions or with the consent of the applicable Lenders. 
 Section 7.15 No Funding Agent Responsibility for Certain Matters 
 . Neither any Funding Agent nor any of its directors, officers, agents or employees shall not be responsible to any Lender for the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, enforceability, collectability or sufficiency of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or for any representations, warranties, recitals or statements made herein or therein or made in any written or oral statements or in any financial or other statements, instruments, reports or certificates or any other documents furnished or made by or on behalf of the Borrower, the Facility Administrator or Parent or their respective affiliates to the Administrative Agent, any Funding Agent, any Lender or any Hedge Counterparty in connection with the Transaction Documents and the transactions contemplated thereby or for the financial condition or business affairs of the Borrower, the Facility Administrator or Parent or their respective affiliates to such Funding Agent or any other Person liable for the payment of any Obligations, nor shall any Funding Agent be required to ascertain or inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the terms, conditions, provisions, covenants or agreements contained in any of the Transaction Documents or as to the use of the proceeds of the Advances or as to the existence or possible existence of any Event of Default or Potential Default or to make any disclosures with respect to the foregoing. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Funding Agents shall have no duty or obligation whatsoever to make, verify, or recompute any numerical information or other calculations under or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, including any numerical information and other calculations included in any Borrowing Base Certificate, Facility Administrator Report or otherwise, and the Funding Agents shall have no duty or liability to confirm, verify or review the contents, and shall not be responsible for the accuracy or content, of any documents, certificates or opinions delivered in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. In addition, the Funding Agents shall have no duty or liability to determine whether any Solar Asset is an Eligible Solar Asset or to inspect the Solar Assets at any time or ascertain or inquire as to the performance or observance of any of the Borrower s, the Facility Administrator s or the Parent s or any of their respective affiliate s representations, warranties or covenants. Anything contained herein to the contrary notwithstanding, the Funding Agents shall not have any liability arising from confirmations of the amount of outstanding Advances or the component amounts thereof. The Funding Agents shall not be responsible to any Lender for the perfection or priority of any of the Liens on any of the Collateral, or for the execution, effectiveness, genuineness, validity, legality, enforceability, collectability, or sufficiency of this Agreement or any of the other Transaction Documents or the transactions contemplated thereby, or for the financial condition of any guarantor of any or all of the Obligations, the Borrower or any of its respective Affiliates. In determining compliance with any condition hereunder to the making of Advances that by its terms must be fulfilled to the satisfaction 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -80- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

of a Lender, the Funding Agent may presume that such condition is satisfactory to such Lender in its respective Lender Group unless the Funding Agent shall have received notice to the contrary from such Lender prior to the making of such Advance. The Funding Agent may consult with legal counsel, independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountant or experts. 
 Section 7.16 Funding Agent Delegation of Duties 
 . Each Funding Agent may execute any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers hereunder or under any other Transaction Document by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by such Funding Agent. Each Funding Agent and any such sub-agent may execute any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of this Article VII shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of a Funding Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the Facility as well as activities as a Funding Agent. No Funding Agent shall be responsible for the negligence or misconduct of any sub-agents except to the extent that a court of competent jurisdiction determines in a final and non-appealable judgment that such Funding Agent acted with gross negligence or willful misconduct in the selection of such sub-agents. 
 Section 7.17 Funding Agent s Reimbursement and Indemnification 
 . Each Non-Conduit Lender in each Lender Group, ratably, based on the applicable Class A Lender Group Percentages and Class B Lender Group Percentages, as applicable, severally agrees to indemnify each of the Funding Agent in their Lender Group and its Affiliates and officers, partners, directors, trustees, employees and agents of the Funding Agent (each, an Indemnitee Funding Agent Party ), to the extent that such Indemnitee Funding Agent Party shall not have been reimbursed by the Borrower, (A) for any reasonable and documented expenses incurred by such Indemnitee Funding Agent Party on behalf of the Lenders in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, administrations and enforcement of the Transaction Documents and (B) for and against any and all liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses (including counsel fees and disbursements) or disbursements of any kind or nature whatsoever which may be imposed on, incurred by or asserted against such Indemnitee Funding Agent Party in exercising its powers, rights and remedies or performing its duties hereunder or under the other Transaction Documents or otherwise in its capacity as such Indemnitee Funding Agent Party in any way relating to or arising out of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, IN ALL CASES, WHETHER OR NOT CAUSED BY OR ARISING, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, OUT OF THE COMPARATIVE, CONTRIBUTORY, OR SOLE NEGLIGENCE OF SUCH INDEMNITEE FUNDING AGENT PARTY provided , no Lender shall be liable for any portion of such liabilities, obligations, losses, damages, penalties, actions, judgments, suits, costs, expenses or disbursements resulting from such Indemnitee Funding Agent Party s gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final, non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. If any indemnity furnished to any Indemnitee Funding Agent Party for any purpose shall, in the opinion of such Indemnitee Funding Agent Party, be insufficient or become impaired, such Indemnitee Funding Agent Party may call for additional indemnity and cease, or not commence, to do the acts indemnified against until such additional indemnity is furnished provided further, that in no event shall this sentence require any Lender to indemnify any Indemnitee Funding Agent Party against any 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -81- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

liability, obligation, loss, damage, penalty, action, judgment, suit, cost, expense or disbursement in excess of such Lender s pro rata share of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Advances of all Lenders in the applicable Lender Group and provided, further, this sentence shall not be deemed to require any Lender to indemnify any Indemnitee Funding Agent Party against any liability, obligation, loss, damage, penalty, action, judgment, suit, cost, expense or disbursement described in the proviso in the immediately preceding sentence. 
 Section 7.18 Lender Group Voting 
 . Each Lender hereby irrevocably authorizes its related Funding Agent to exercise such Lender s voting, consent and or control rights hereunder and under each other Transaction Document with respect to all or any portion of such lender s Advances and or Commitments, in each case, subject to the terms of this Article VII. 
 Section 7.19 Funding Agent Lender Credit Decision 
 . Each Lender represents and warrants that it has made its own independent investigation of the financial condition and affairs of the Borrower in connection with Advances hereunder and that it has made and shall continue to make its own appraisal of the creditworthiness of the Borrower. No Funding Agent shall have any duty or responsibility, either initially or on a continuing basis, to make any such investigation or any such appraisal on behalf of a Lender or, except as otherwise required in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, to provide such Lender with any credit or other information with respect thereto, whether coming into its possession before the making of the Advances or at any time or times thereafter, and no Funding Agent shall have any responsibility with respect to the accuracy of or the completeness of any information provided by or on behalf of the Borrower, the Facility Administrator or the Parent to a Lender. 
 Section 7.20 Funding Agent Successor Funding Agent 
 . 
 (A) Any Funding Agent may resign at any time by giving written notice thereof to the Lenders in its Lender Group, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. Upon receipt of any such notice of resignation the Lenders in the applicable Lender Group shall have the right to appoint a successor agent. If no such successor shall have been so appointed by the applicable Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Funding Agent gives notice of resignation (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Lenders in the applicable Lender Group), then the retiring Funding Agent may (but shall not be obligated to), on behalf of the Lenders of the applicable Lender Group, appoint a successor Funding Agent or petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a successor Funding Agent, provided that in no event shall any such successor Funding Agent be a Defaulting Lender or a Disqualified Lender. Upon appointment of a successor Funding Agent such successor Funding Agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of such Funding Agent and references herein to a Funding Agent shall mean such successor Funding Agent, effective upon its appointment and such former Funding Agent s rights, powers and duties in such capacity shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Funding Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Funding Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor unless otherwise agreed between the Borrower and such successor. After any retiring Funding Agent s resignation hereunder in such capacity, the provisions of this Article VII and Section 2.17 , Section 2.12 , Section 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -82- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

10.5 and Section 10.6 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Funding Agent under this Agreement. 
 (B) If any Funding Agent ceases to be a Lender or an Affiliate of any Lender in its Lender Group, or becomes a Defaulting Lender pursuant to clause (iv) of the definition thereof, the Lenders in such Lender Group shall have the right to terminate such Funding Agent upon ten (10) days notice to such Funding Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Borrower, and the Lenders in such Lender Group shall have the right to replace such Funding Agent with a successor of their choosing. If no such successor Funding Agent shall have been so appointed by the Lenders in the applicable Lender Group and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days (or such earlier day as shall be agreed by the Lenders in the applicable Lender Group), then the Lenders in the applicable Lender Group may petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a successor Administrative Agent. Upon appointment of a successor Funding Agent whereupon such successor Funding Agent shall succeed to the rights, powers and duties of such Funding Agent and references herein to such Funding Agent shall mean such successor Funding Agent, effective upon its appointment and such former Funding Agent s rights, powers and duties in such capacity shall be terminated, without any other or further act or deed on the part of such former Funding Agent or any of the parties to this Agreement. After any terminated Funding Agent s termination hereunder as such agent, the provisions of this Article VII and Section 2.17 , Section 2.12 , Section 10.5 and Section 10.6 shall inure to its benefit as to any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was Funding Agent under this Agreement. 
 Section 7.21 Funding Agent Transaction Documents Further Assurances 
 . Each Lender authorizes the Funding Agent in its Lender Group to enter into each of the Transaction Documents to which it is a party and each Lender authorizes the Funding Agent in its Lender Group to take all action contemplated by such documents in its capacity as Funding Agent. 
 Section 7.22 Lender Relationships 
 . 
 (A) Subordination Non-Petition Covenants . Anything in this Agreement or any other Transaction Documents to the contrary notwithstanding, the Borrower and each member of each Class B Lender Group agree for the benefit of members of the Class A Lender Groups that the Obligations owing to the Class B Lenders shall be subordinate and junior to the Obligations owing to the Class A Lenders to the extent set forth in Section 2.7 , including during any case against the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code and any other applicable federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law. If, notwithstanding the provisions of this Agreement, any holder of an Obligation owing to a Class B Lender shall have become aware or received written notice (in either case prior to the time that all Obligations owing to the Class A Lenders have been paid in full) that it has received any payment or distribution in respect of any Obligation owing to a Class B Lender contrary to the provisions of this Agreement, then such payment or distribution shall be received and held in trust for the benefit of, and shall forthwith be paid over and delivered to, the Class A Lenders ratably based on the amount of the Obligations owing to the Class A Lenders which the Class A Lenders are entitled thereto in accordance with this Agreement provided , however , that, if any such payment or distribution is made other than in cash, it shall be held by the Class A Lenders as part of the Collateral and subject in all respects to the provisions of this Agreement, 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -83- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

including the provisions of this Section 7.22 . The holders of the Obligations owing to the Class B Lenders agree, for the benefit of the holders of the Obligations owing to the Class A Lenders, that, before the date that is one year and one day after the termination of this Agreement or, if longer, the expiration of the then applicable preference period plus one day, the holders of the Obligations of the Class B Lenders shall not, without the prior written consent of the Majority Lenders, acquiesce, petition or otherwise invoke or cause any other Person to invoke the process of any governmental authority for the purpose of commencing or sustaining a case against the Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code and any other applicable federal or State bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar law or appointing a receiver, liquidator, assignee, trustee, custodian, sequestrator or other similar official of the Borrower or any substantial part of its property or ordering the winding-up or liquidation of the affairs of the Borrower. 
 (B) Standard of Conduct . In exercising any of its or their voting rights, rights to direct and consent or any other rights as a Lender hereunder, subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, a Lender or Lenders, as the case may be, shall not, except as may be expressly provided herein with respect to any particular matter, have any obligation or duty to any Person or to consider or take into account the interests of any Person and shall not be liable to any Person for any action taken by it or them or at its or their direction or any failure by it or them to act or to direct that an action be taken, without regard to whether such action or inaction benefits or adversely effects any Lender, the Borrower or any other Person, except for any liability to which such Lender may be subject to the extent that the same results from such Lender s taking or directing an action, or failing to take or direct an action, in bad faith or in violation of the express terms of this Agreement. 
 Section 7.23 Certain ERISA Matters 
 . 
 (A) Each Lender (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other party to the Transaction Documents 
 (i) for the Class A Lenders, such Lender is not a Benefit Plan and is not using the assets of a Benefit Plan with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Commitments or this Agreement or 
 (ii) for the Class B Lenders, at least one of the following is and will be true 
 (a) such Lender is not a Benefit Plan and is not using the assets of a Benefit Plan with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, Commitments or other transactions under this Agreement or 
 (b) such Lender is an Initial Class B Lender and is a Benefit Plan or is using the assets of a Benefit Plan with respect to such Lender s entrance into, 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -84- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

participation in, administration of and or performance of the Advances, Commitments or other transactions under this Agreement in a manner that does not cause the assets of the Borrower to be the assets of a Benefit Plan (as determined under 29 CFR 2510.3-101 as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) or for the holdings of the Class B Advances or Class B Commitments by a Benefit Plan to be significant (as determined under 29 CFR 2510.3-101 as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA) or Plan Asset Threshold to be breached and at least one of the following is and will be true 
 10. (1) the transaction exemption set forth in one or more PTEs, such as PTE 84-14 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by independent qualified professional asset managers), PTE 95-60 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company general accounts), PTE 90-1 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving insurance company pooled separate accounts), PTE 91-38 (a class exemption for certain transactions involving bank collective investment funds) or PTE 96-23 (a class exemption for certain transactions determined by in-house asset managers), is applicable with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement 
 11. (2) (A) such Lender is an investment fund managed by a Qualified Professional Asset Manager (within the meaning of Part VI of PTE 84-14) (a Qualified Professional Asset Manager ), (2) such Qualified Professional Asset Manager made the investment decision on behalf of such Lender to enter into, participate in, administer and perform the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement, (3) the entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement satisfies the requirements of sub-sections (b) through (g) of Part I of PTE 84-14 and (4) to the best knowledge of such Lender, the requirements of subsection (a) of Part I of PTE 84-14 are satisfied with respect to such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement or 
 12. (3) such other representation, warranty and covenant as may be agreed in writing between the Administrative Agent, in its sole discretion, and such Lender. 
 (B) In addition, unless Section 7.23(A)(ii)(a) is true with respect to a Class B Lender, such Lender further (x) represents and warrants, as of the date such Person became a Lender party hereto, to, and (y) covenants, from the date such Person became a Lender party hereto to the date such Person ceases being a Lender party hereto, for the benefit of, the Administrative Agent and not, for the avoidance of doubt, to or for the benefit of the Borrower or any other party to the Transaction Documents, that the Administrative Agent is not a fiduciary with respect to the assets of such Lender involved in such Lender s entrance into, participation in, administration of and performance of the Advances, the Commitments and this Agreement (including in connection with the reservation or 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -85- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

exercise of any rights by the Administrative Agent under this Agreement, any Transaction Document or any documents related hereto or thereto). 
 Section 7.24 Erroneous Payments 
 . 
 (A) If the Administrative Agent (x) notifies a Funding Agent or a Lender, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender (any such Lender or other recipient (and each of their respective successors and assigns), a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (B)) that any funds (as set forth in such notice from the Administrative Agent) received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously or mistakenly transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether transmitted or received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and (y) demands in writing the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent pending its return or repayment as contemplated below in this Section 7.24 and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two (2) Business Days thereafter (or such later date as the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, specify in writing), return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received). A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (A) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. 
 (B) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (A), each Lender or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender (and each of their respective successors and assigns), agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in this Agreement or in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part), then in each such case 
 (i) it acknowledges and agrees that (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error and mistake shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error and mistake has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment and 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -86- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(ii) such Lender shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one (1) Business Day of its knowledge of the occurrence of any of the circumstances described in immediately preceding clauses (x), (y) and (z)) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 7.24(B) . 
 For the avoidance of doubt, the failure to deliver a notice to the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 7.24(B) shall not have any effect on a Payment Recipient s obligations pursuant to Section 7.24(B) or on whether or not an Erroneous Payment has been made. 
 (C) Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Transaction Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender under any Transaction Document with respect to any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts, against any amount that the Administrative Agent has demanded to be returned under the immediately preceding clause (A). 
 (D) The parties hereto agree that (x) irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, in the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered from any Payment Recipient that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) for any reason, the Administrative Agent shall be subrogated to all the rights and interests of such Payment Recipient (and, in the case of any Payment Recipient who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, to the rights and interests of such Lender) under the Transaction Documents with respect to such amount (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights and (y) an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower provided that this Section 7.24 shall not be interpreted to increase (or accelerate the due date for), or have the effect of increasing (or accelerating the due date for), the Obligations of the Borrower relative to the amount (and or timing for payment) of the Obligations that would have been payable had such Erroneous Payment not been made by the Administrative Agent provided, further , that for the avoidance of doubt, immediately preceding clauses (x) and (y) shall not apply to the extent any such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from, or on behalf of (including through the exercise of remedies under any Transaction Document), the Borrower for the purpose of a payment on the Obligations. 
 (E) To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including, without limitation, any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine. 
 (F) Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 7.24 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and or the 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -87- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Transaction Document. 
 ARTICLE VIII Administration and Servicing of the Collateral 
 Section 8.1 Management Agreements Servicing Agreements Facility Administration Agreement 
 . 
 (A) Each Management Agreement, duly executed counterparts of which have been delivered to the Administrative Agent, sets forth the covenants and obligations of the Manager with respect to the Solar Assets and other matters addressed in the Management Agreements, and reference is hereby made to the Management Agreements for a detailed statement of said covenants and obligations of the Manager thereunder. The Borrower shall cause the Manager (to the extent an Affiliate of the Borrower) and each Relevant Party that is party to a Management Agreement to (i) perform and observe all of the material terms, covenants and conditions of each Management Agreement and (ii) promptly notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender of any notice to Borrower, a Managing Member or SAP of any material default under any Management Agreement. 
 (B) Each Servicing Agreement, duly executed counterparts of which have been delivered to the Administrative Agent, sets forth the covenants and obligations of the Manager with respect to the Solar Assets and other matters addressed in the Servicing Agreement, and reference is hereby made to the Servicing Agreements for a detailed statement of said covenants and obligations of the Manager thereunder. The Borrower shall cause the Manager (to the extent an Affiliate of the Borrower) and each Relevant Party that is party to a Servicing Agreement to (i) perform and observe all of the material terms, covenants and conditions of each Servicing Agreement and (ii) promptly notify the Administrative Agent and each Lender of any notice to Borrower, a Managing Member or SAP of any material default under any Servicing Agreement. 
 (C) The Facility Administration Agreement, duly executed counterparts of which have been delivered to the Administrative Agent, sets forth the covenants and obligations of the Facility Administrator with respect to the Collateral and other matters addressed in the Facility Administration Agreement, and reference is hereby made to the Facility Administration Agreement for a detailed statement of said covenants and obligations of the Facility Administrator thereunder. The Borrower agrees that the Administrative Agent, in its name or (to the extent required by law) in the name of the Borrower, may (but is not, unless so directed and indemnified by the Majority Lenders, required to) enforce all rights of the Borrower under the Facility Administration Agreement for and on behalf of the Lenders whether or not an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 (D) Promptly following a request from the Administrative Agent (acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders) to do so, the Borrower shall take all such lawful action as the Administrative Agent may request to compel or secure the performance and observance by the Facility Administrator of each of its obligations to the Borrower and with respect to the Collateral under or in connection with the Facility Administration Agreement in accordance with the terms 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -88- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

thereof, and in effecting such request shall exercise any and all rights, remedies, powers and privileges lawfully available to the Borrower under or in connection with the Facility Administration Agreement to the extent and in the manner directed by the Administrative Agent, including the transmission of notices of default on the part of the Facility Administrator thereunder and the institution of legal or administrative actions or proceedings to compel or secure performance by the Facility Administrator of each of its obligations under the Facility Administration Agreement. 
 (E) The Borrower shall not waive any default by the Facility Administrator under the Facility Administration Agreement without the written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Majority Lenders, and, upon the occurrence and during the continuation of an Event of Default, the Majority Class B Lenders. 
 (F) The Administrative Agent does not assume any duty or obligation of the Borrower under the Facility Administration Agreement and the rights given to the Administrative Agent thereunder are subject to the provisions of Article VII . 
 (G) The Borrower has not and will not provide any payment instructions to any of the Managing Members, SAP or a Financing Fund that are inconsistent with the Facility Administration Agreement or this Agreement. 
 (H) With respect to the Facility Administrator s obligations under Section 3.3 of the Facility Administration Agreement, the Administrative Agent shall not have any responsibility to the Borrower, the Facility Administrator or any party hereunder to make any inquiry or investigation as to, and shall have no obligation in respect of, the terms of any engagement of an independent accountant by the Facility Administrator provided that the Administrative Agent shall be authorized, upon receipt of written direction from Facility Administrator directing the Administrative Agent, to execute any acknowledgment or other agreement with the independent accountant required for the Administrative Agent to receive any of the reports or instructions provided for herein, which acknowledgment or agreement may include, among other things, (i) acknowledgement that the Facility Administrator has agreed that the procedures to be performed by the independent accountant are sufficient for the Borrower s purposes, (ii) acknowledgment that the Administrative Agent has agreed that the procedures to be performed by an independent accountant are sufficient for the Administrative Agent s purposes and that the Administrative Agent s purposes is limited solely to receipt of the report, (iii) releases by the Administrative Agent (on behalf of itself and the Lenders) of claims against the independent accountant and acknowledgement of other limitations of liability in favor of the independent accountant, and (iv) restrictions or prohibitions on the disclosure of information or documents provided to it by such firm of independent accountants (including to the Lenders). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall the Administrative Agent be required to execute any agreement in respect of the independent accountant that the Administrative Agent determines adversely affects it in its individual capacity or which is in a form that is not reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 Section 8.2 Accounts 
 . 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -89- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(A) Establishment . The Borrower has established and shall maintain or cause to be maintained 
 (i) for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the name of the Borrower, maintained by the Paying Agent, at an Eligible Institution, a segregated non-interest bearing trust account (such account, as more fully described on Schedule II attached hereto, the Collection Account ), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein are held for the benefit of the Borrower and the Secured Parties 
 (ii) for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the name of the Borrower, maintained by the Paying Agent, at an Eligible Institution, a segregated non-interest bearing trust account (such account, as more fully described on Schedule II attached hereto, being the Supplemental Reserve Account ), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein as described below are held for the benefit of the Borrower and the Secured Parties 
 (iii) for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the name of the Borrower, maintained by the Paying Agent, at an Eligible Institution, a segregated non-interest bearing trust account (such account, as more fully described on Schedule II attached hereto, being the Liquidity Reserve Account ), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein as described below are held for the benefit of the Borrower and the Secured Parties 
 (iv) for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the name of the Borrower, maintained by the Paying Agent, at an Eligible Institution, a segregated non-interest bearing trust account (such account, as more fully described on Schedule II attached hereto, being the SAP Revenue Account ), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein as described below are held for the benefit of the Borrower and the Secured Parties and 
 (v) for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the name of the Borrower, maintained by the Paying Agent, at an Eligible Institution, a segregated non-interest bearing trust account (such account, as more fully described on Schedule II attached hereto, being the Takeout Transaction Account ), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein as described below are held for the benefit of the Borrower and the Secured Parties. 
 v vi for the benefit of the Secured Parties, in the name of the Borrower, maintained by the Paying Agent, at an Eligible Institution, a segregated non-interest bearing trust account (such account , as to be established within thirty (30) days after the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date (or such later date approved by the Administrative Agent), to be more fully described on updated Schedule II attached hereto delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent on the date such account is established , being the Takeout Transaction WIP Reserve Account , and , together with the Collection Account, the Supplemental Reserve Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account, the SAP Revenue Account and the Takeout Transaction Account, each a Paying Agent Account and 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -90- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

collectively the Paying Agent Accounts ), bearing a designation clearly indicating that the funds deposited therein as described below are held for the benefit of the Borrower and the Secured Parties . provided that, during the period prior the establishment of the WIP Reserve Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account shall be used as the WIP Reserve Account and references to the WIP Reserve Account during such period shall mean the Liquidity Reserve Account for such purpose provided further that, during such period, amounts of deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account will not be double counted for purposes of determining whether amounts on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account satisfy the Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance and, if applicable, the WIP Reserve Account Required Balance. 
 (B) Reserved . Deposits and Withdrawals from the WIP Reserve Account . Deposits into, and withdrawals from, the WIP Reserve Account shall, subject to Section 2.7(C), be made in the following manner 
 (i) From the proceeds of Advances hereunder, the Borrower shall deliver to the Paying Agent for deposit into the WIP Reserve Account amounts necessary to maintain on deposit therein an amount equal to or in excess of the WIP Reserve Account Required Balance as of the date of each such Advance, and on each Payment Date, the Facility Administrator shall direct the Paying Agent, based on the Facility Administrator Report, to deposit into the WIP Reserve Account from available Collections (as set forth and in the order of priority established pursuant to Section 2.7(B)), funds in the amount required under Section 2.7(B), and the Borrower may, at its option, deposit additional funds into the WIP Reserve Account 
 (ii) The Paying Agent shall release funds from the WIP Reserve Account to pay amounts owed to Dealers and Installers in respect of PV Systems and Energy Storage Systems owned by SAP or the Financing Funds upon direction from the Facility Administrator or the Borrower, in either case as set forth in an Officer s Certificate. Any such Officer s Certificate delivered pursuant to this Section 8.2(B)(ii) shall contain such information regarding such amounts owed to Dealers and Installers as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request 
 (iii) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may direct the Paying Agent, by providing written direction to the Paying Agent, to withdraw the amounts on deposit in the WIP Reserve Account to the extent necessary for the purpose of paying amounts owed to Dealers and Installers in respect of PV Systems and Energy Storage Systems owned by the Financing Funds 
 (iv) On the earliest to occur of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) an Amortization Event (other than an Event of Default) and (c) the date on which the outstanding balance of the Advances is reduced to zero, the Administrative Agent may cause the Paying Agent, by providing written direction to the Paying Agent, in the case of subclauses (a) and (b), and the Facility Administrator or the Borrower shall cause the Paying Agent, by providing written direction to the Paying Agent, in the case of subclause (c), to withdraw all amounts 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -91- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

on deposit in the WIP Reserve Account and deposit such amounts into the Collection Account to be paid in accordance with Section 2.7(B) 
 (v) Unless an Event of Default or an Amortization Event has occurred and is continuing, on any Payment Date, if no WIP Reserve Period is in effect or if, as set forth on the Facility Administrator Report, amounts on deposit in the WIP Reserve Account are greater than the WIP Reserve Account Required Balance (after giving effect to all other distributions and disbursements on such Payment Date), the Facility Administrator shall direct the Paying Agent, based on the Facility Administrator Report, to withdraw funds in excess of the WIP Reserve Account Required Balance from the WIP Reserve Account and disburse such amounts into the Borrower s Account. 
 (C) Deposits and Withdrawals from the Liquidity Reserve Account . Deposits into, and withdrawals from, the Liquidity Reserve Account shall, subject to Section 2.7(C) , be made in the following manner 
 (i) On the Original Closing Date, the Borrower shall deliver to the Paying Agent for deposit into the Liquidity Reserve Account, an amount equal to the Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance as of such date 
 (ii) From the proceeds of Advances hereunder, the Borrower shall deliver to the Paying Agent for deposit into the Liquidity Reserve Account amounts necessary to maintain on deposit therein an amount equal to or in excess of the Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance as of the date of each such Advance, and on each Payment Date, the Facility Administrator shall direct the Paying Agent, based on the Facility Administrator Report, to deposit into the Liquidity Reserve Account from available Collections (as set forth and in the order of priority established pursuant to Section 2.7(B) ), funds in the amount required under Section 2.7(B) , and the Borrower may, at its option, deposit additional funds into the Liquidity Reserve Account 
 (iii) If on any Payment Date (without giving effect to any withdrawal from the Liquidity Reserve Account) available funds on deposit in the Collection Account would be insufficient to make the payments due and payable on such Payment Date pursuant to Section 2.7(B)(i) through (iii)(a) , (vii) and (ix) , the Facility Administrator shall direct the Paying Agent, based on the Facility Administrator Report delivered pursuant to Section 3.1 of the Facility Administration Agreement, to withdraw from the Liquidity Reserve Account an amount equal to the lesser of such insufficiency and the amount on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account and deposit such amount into the Collection Account and apply such amount to payments set forth in Section 2.7(B)(i) through (iii)(a) , (vii) and (ix) 
 (iv) Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent (or the Facility Administrator with the written consent of the Administrative Agent) shall cause the Paying Agent, by providing written direction to the Paying Agent, to withdraw all amounts on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account and deposit such amounts into the Collection Account for distribution in accordance with Section 2.7(B) 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -92- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(v) On the earliest to occur of (a) the Maturity Date, (b) an Amortization Event (other than an Event of Default) and (c) the date on which the outstanding balance of the Advances is reduced to zero, the Administrative Agent shall cause the Paying Agent, by providing written direction to the Paying Agent, in the case of subclauses (a) and (b), and the Facility Administrator or the Borrower shall cause the Paying Agent, by providing written direction to the Paying Agent, in the case of subclause (c), to withdraw all amounts on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account and deposit such amounts into the Collection Account to be paid in accordance with Section 2.7(B) 
 (vi) Unless an Event of Default or an Amortization Event has occurred and is continuing, on any Payment Date, if, as set forth on the Facility Administrator Report, amounts on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account are greater than the Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance (after giving effect to all other distributions and disbursements on such Payment Date), the Facility Administrator shall direct the Paying Agent, based on the Facility Administrator Report, to withdraw funds in excess of the Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance from the Liquidity Reserve Account and disburse such amounts into the Borrower s Account and 
 (vii) On any Payment Date, if, as set forth on the Facility Administrator Report, the amount of funds in the Liquidity Reserve Account and in the Collection Account is equal to or greater than the aggregate outstanding balance of Advances (whether or not then due and payable) and all other amounts due and payable hereunder, then the Facility Administrator shall direct the Paying Agent, based on the Facility Administrator Report, to withdraw all funds from the Liquidity Reserve Account and deposit such amounts into the Collection Account to pay all such amounts and the aggregate outstanding balance of all Advances (whether or not then due and payable). 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 8.2(C) to the contrary, in lieu of or in substitution for moneys otherwise required to be deposited to the Liquidity Reserve Account, the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) may deliver or cause to be delivered to the Paying Agent a Letter of Credit provided that any deposit into the Liquidity Reserve Account required to be made by the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) after the replacement of amounts on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account with a Letter of Credit shall be made by the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) by way of cash deposits to the Liquidity Reserve Account as provided in Section 2.7(B) or pursuant to the Borrower s (or the Facility Administrator s on behalf of the Borrower) causing an increase in the Letter of Credit or the delivery to the Paying Agent of an additional Letter of Credit. 
 If at any time a Letter of Credit is held by the Paying Agent as an asset of the Liquidity Reserve Account, and if any withdrawals from the Liquidity Reserve Account will be required under this Section 8.2(C) or otherwise, the Administrative Agent (or the Borrower with the written consent of the Administrative Agent) shall, no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the applicable Payment Date or payment date, direct the Paying Agent in writing to draw on the Letter of Credit, which direction shall provide the required draw amount. The Administrative Agent (or the Borrower with the written consent of the Administrative Agent) shall direct the Paying Agent to submit the drawing documents to the applicable Eligible Letter of Credit Bank no later than 5 00 P.M. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) Business Day after the Paying Agent receives such direction. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -93- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Upon the receipt of the proceeds of any such drawing, the Paying Agent shall deposit such proceeds into the Liquidity Reserve Account. Any (A) references in the Transaction Documents to amounts on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account or amounts in or credited to the Liquidity Reserve Account shall include or be deemed to include the aggregate available amount of the Letters of Credit delivered to the Paying Agent pursuant to this Section 8.2(C) , and (B) Letter of Credit delivered by the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) to the Paying Agent pursuant to this Section 8.2(C) shall be held as an asset of the Liquidity Reserve Account and valued for purposes of determining the amount on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account at the amount as of any date then available to be drawn on such Letter of Credit. 
 If at any time a Letter of Credit is held by the Paying Agent as an asset of the Liquidity Reserve Account, then (i) if the Letter of Credit is scheduled to expire by its terms and ten (10) days prior to the scheduled expiration date such Letter of Credit has not been extended or replaced, then the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) or the Administrative Agent shall on such tenth (10th) day prior to the scheduled expiration date notify the Paying Agent in writing of such failure to extend or replace the Letter of Credit, and the Paying Agent shall, submit the drawing documents delivered to it by the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) or the Administrative Agent to the Eligible Letter of Credit Bank no later than 5 00 P.M. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) Business Day prior to the scheduled expiration date and draw the full amount of such Letter of Credit and deposit the proceeds of such drawing into the Liquidity Reserve Account, and (ii) if the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) or the Administrative Agent notifies the Paying Agent in writing that the financial institution issuing the Letter of Credit ceases to be an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank or a Responsible Officer of the Paying Agent otherwise receives written notice that the financial institution issuing the Letter of Credit ceases to be an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank, then the Paying Agent shall, no later than the second (2nd) Business Day after receipt of any such written notice by a Responsible Officer of the Paying Agent submit the drawing documents delivered to it by the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) or the Administrative Agent to draw the full amount of such Letter of Credit and deposit the proceeds of such drawing into the Liquidity Reserve Account. 
 If at any time a Letter of Credit is held by the Paying Agent as an asset of the Liquidity Reserve Account, the stated amount of the Letter of Credit may be reduced from time to time, to the extent of any reduction in the dollar amount of the Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance. Each month upon receipt by the Paying Agent of the Facility Administrator Report if such Facility Administrator Report shows a reduction in the Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance, then the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) or the Administrative Agent shall, prior to the related Payment Date, direct the Paying Agent to send the Eligible Letter of Credit Bank a letter in the form provided in the Letter of Credit to reduce the stated amount of the Letter of Credit. The Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) or the Administrative Agent shall ensure that the letter submitted shall provide for the reduction to be effective as of the close of business on the related Payment Date. The reduction shall be in the amount shown on the Facility Administrator Report as the Liquidity Reserve Account reductions and the remaining stated amount of the Letter of Credit shall be equal to the Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance ending required amount as shown on the Facility Administrator Report. Any drawing on the Letter of Credit may be reimbursed by the Borrower only from amounts remitted to the Borrower pursuant to clauses (xiii) or (xiv) of Section 2.7(B) . 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -94- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, in no event shall the Paying Agent be required to report, track, calculate or monitor the value, available amount or any other information regarding any Letter of Credit for any party hereto or beneficiary of or under the Liquidity Reserve Account, except as expressly required pursuant to this Section 8.2(C) . 
 (D) Deposits and Withdrawals from the Supplemental Reserve Account. Deposits into, and withdrawals from, the Supplemental Reserve Account shall, subject to Section 2.7(C) , be made in the following manner 
 (i) On each Payment Date, to the extent of Distributable Collections and in accordance with and subject to the priority of payments set forth in Section 2.7(B) , the Facility Administrator shall direct the Paying Agent, based on the Facility Administrator Report, to deposit into the Supplemental Reserve Account an amount equal to the Supplemental Reserve Account Deposit until the amount on deposit equals the Supplemental Reserve Account Required Balance. 
 (ii) On each Payment Date, the Facility Administrator shall direct the Paying Agent, based on the Facility Administrator Report, to deposit into the Supplemental Reserve Account from available Collections (as set forth and in the order of priority established pursuant to Section 2.7(B) ), funds in the amount required under Section 2.7(B) , if any, and the Borrower may, at its option, deposit additional funds into the Supplemental Reserve Account 
 (iii) The Paying Agent shall release funds from the Supplemental Reserve Account to pay the following amounts upon direction from the Facility Administrator set forth in an Officer s Certificate (no more than once per calendar month) in the following order of priority 
 (a) the costs (inclusive of labor costs) of replacement of any Inverter that no longer has the benefit of a Manufacturer Warranty and for which (1) the Manager is not obligated under the related Management Agreement to cover the replacement costs of such Inverter (or if so obligated, has failed to pay such costs) and the related Financing Fund has insufficient funds to pay replacement costs for such Inverter or (2) the Facility Administrator in its role as Manager has paid under the related Management Agreement 
 (b) the amount of any deductible in connection with each claim paid by the Tax Loss Insurer under the related Tax Loss Insurance Policy plus the amount of the difference, if any, between (1) the amount of a Tax Loss Indemnity and (2) the sum of the amount of proceeds of a Tax Loss Insurance Policy received by a Financing Fund, as loss payee under such Tax Loss Insurance Policy with respect to the Tax Loss Indemnity and the amount of any deductible in connection therewith and 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -95- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(c) each Purchase Option Price and each Financing Fund Withdrawal Amount when due and payable under the terms of a Financing Fund LLCA upon exercise by the related Managing Member of the related Purchase Option or exercise by the related Tax Equity Investor of the related Financing Fund Withdrawal Right, as applicable. 
 (iv) Unless an Event of Default or an Amortization Event has occurred and is continuing, on any Payment Date, if, as set forth on the Facility Administrator Report, amounts on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account are greater than the Supplemental Reserve Account Required Balance (after giving effect to all other distributions and disbursements and all releases and withdrawals on such Payment Date), the Facility Administrator shall direct the Paying Agent, based on the Facility Administrator Report, to withdraw funds in excess of the Supplemental Reserve Account Required Balance from the Supplemental Reserve Account and disburse such amounts into the Borrower s Account 
 (v) If on any Payment Date (after giving effect to any withdrawals from the Liquidity Reserve Account) available funds on deposit in the Collection Account would be insufficient to pay the interest payments or other amounts due and payable pursuant to Section 2.7(B)(i) through (iii)(a) , (vii) and (ix) on such Payment Date, the Facility Administrator shall direct the Paying Agent, based on the Facility Administrator Report, to withdraw from the Supplemental Reserve Account an amount equal to the lesser of such insufficiency and the amount on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account and deposit such amount into the Collection Account and apply such amount to payments set forth in Section 2.7(B)(i) through (iii)(a) , (vii) and (ix) and 
 (vi) If on any Payment Date, the Borrower has provided notice to the Administrative Agent that (x)(1) a Managing Member has irrevocably provided notice to the related Tax Equity Investor that it will not exercise the related Purchase Option or (2) the period in which such Purchase Option may be exercised under the related Financing Fund LLCA has expired and cannot be extended and (y) only with respect to a Financing Fund with a Financing Fund LLCA that includes a Financing Fund Withdrawal Right, (1) the Tax Equity Investor for such Financing Fund has irrevocably provided notice to the related Managing Member that it will not exercise the Financing Fund Withdrawal Right or (2) the period in which the Financing Fund Withdrawal Right may be exercised under the related Financing Fund LLCA has expired and cannot be extended, the Borrower may direct the Paying Agent, to withdraw from the Supplemental Reserve Account any related amounts on deposit therein in respect of clause (X)(ii)(a) of the definition of Supplemental Reserve Account Required Balance or, only with respect to a Financing Fund with a Financing Fund LLCA that includes a Financing Fund Withdrawal Right, clause (Y) of the definition of Supplemental Reserve Account Required Balance and deposit such amounts into the Collection Account for application in accordance with Section 2.7 and 
 (vii) On the date on which the Aggregate Outstanding Advances are reduced to zero, the Administrative Agent shall cause the Paying Agent, pursuant to a written direction, to withdraw all amounts on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account and 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -96- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

deposit such amounts into the Collection Account to be paid in accordance with Section 2.7(B) . 
 Notwithstanding anything in this Section 8.2(D) to the contrary, in lieu of or in substitution for moneys otherwise required to be deposited to the Supplemental Reserve Account, the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) may deliver or cause to be delivered to the Paying Agent a Letter of Credit provided that any deposit into the Supplemental Reserve Account required to be made by the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) after the replacement of amounts on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account with a Letter of Credit shall be made by the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) by way of cash deposits to the Supplemental Reserve Account as provided in Section 2.7(B) or pursuant to the Borrower s (or the Facility Administrator s on behalf of the Borrower) causing an increase in the Letter of Credit or the delivery to the Paying Agent of an additional Letter of Credit. 
 If at any time a Letter of Credit is held by the Paying Agent as an asset of the Supplemental Reserve Account, and if any withdrawals from the Supplemental Reserve Account will be required under this Section 8.2(D) or otherwise, the Administrative Agent (or the Borrower with the written consent of the Administrative Agent) shall, no later than three (3) Business Days prior to the applicable Payment Date or payment date, direct the Paying Agent in writing to draw on the Letter of Credit, which direction shall provide the required draw amount. The Administrative Agent (or the Borrower with the written consent of the Administrative Agent) shall direct the Paying Agent to submit the drawing documents to the applicable Eligible Letter of Credit Bank no later than 5 00 P.M. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) Business Day after the Paying Agent receives such direction. Upon the receipt of the proceeds of any such drawing, the Paying Agent shall deposit such proceeds into the Supplemental Reserve Account. Any (A) references in the Transaction Documents to amounts on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account or amounts in or credited to the Supplemental Reserve Account shall include or be deemed to include the aggregate available amount of the Letters of Credit delivered to the Paying Agent pursuant to this Section 8.2(D) , and (B) Letter of Credit delivered by the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) to the Paying Agent pursuant to this Section 8.2(D) shall be held as an asset of the Supplemental Reserve Account and valued for purposes of determining the amount on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account at the amount as of any date then available to be drawn on such Letter of Credit. 
 If at any time a Letter of Credit is held by the Paying Agent as an asset of the Supplemental Reserve Account, then (i) if the Letter of Credit is scheduled to expire by its terms and ten (10) days prior to the scheduled expiration date such Letter of Credit has not been extended or replaced, then the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) or the Administrative Agent shall on such tenth (10th) day prior to the scheduled expiration date notify the Paying Agent in writing of such failure to extend or replace the Letter of Credit, and the Paying Agent shall, submit the drawing documents delivered to it by the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) or the Administrative Agent to the Eligible Letter of Credit Bank no later than 5 00 P.M. (New York City time) on the second (2nd) Business Day prior to the scheduled expiration date and draw the full amount of such Letter of Credit and deposit the proceeds of such drawing into the Supplemental Reserve Account, and (ii) if the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) or the Administrative Agent notifies the Paying Agent in writing that the financial institution issuing the Letter of Credit ceases to be an Eligible Letter of 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -97- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Credit Bank or a Responsible Officer of the Paying Agent otherwise receives written notice that the financial institution issuing the Letter of Credit ceases to be an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank, then the Paying Agent shall, no later than the second (2nd) Business Day after receipt of any such written notice by a Responsible Officer of the Paying Agent submit the drawing documents delivered to it by the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) or the Administrative Agent to draw the full amount of such Letter of Credit and deposit the proceeds of such drawing into the Supplemental Reserve Account. 
 If at any time a Letter of Credit is held by the Paying Agent as an asset of the Supplemental Reserve Account, the stated amount of the Letter of Credit may be reduced from time to time, to the extent of any reduction in the dollar amount of the Supplemental Reserve Account Required Balance. Each month upon receipt by the Paying Agent of the Facility Administrator Report if such Facility Administrator Report shows a reduction in the Supplemental Reserve Account Required Balance, then the Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) or the Administrative Agent shall, prior to the related Payment Date, direct the Paying Agent to send the Eligible Letter of Credit Bank a letter in the form provided in the Letter of Credit to reduce the stated amount of the Letter of Credit. The Borrower (or the Facility Administrator on behalf of the Borrower) or the Administrative Agent shall ensure that the letter submitted shall provide for the reduction to be effective as of the close of business on the related Payment Date. The reduction shall be in the amount shown on the Facility Administrator Report as the Supplemental Reserve Account reductions and the remaining stated amount of the Letter of Credit shall be equal to the Supplemental Reserve Account Required Balance ending required amount as shown on the Facility Administrator Report. Any drawing on the Letter of Credit may be reimbursed by the Borrower only from amounts remitted to the Borrower pursuant to clauses (xiii) or (xiv) (b) of Section 2.7(B) . 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision to the contrary in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, in no event shall the Paying Agent be required to report, track, calculate or monitor the value, available amount or any other information regarding any Letter of Credit for any party hereto or beneficiary of or under the Supplemental Reserve Account, except as expressly required pursuant to this Section 8.2(D) . 
 (E) Deposits and Withdrawals from the SAP Revenue Account . Deposits into the SAP Revenue Account shall be made consistent with Section 5.1(R) . The Paying Agent shall withdraw all amounts on deposit in the SAP Revenue Account in excess of on the first Business Day of each calendar month and remit such amounts to the Collection Account. The Manager shall be permitted to withdraw up to in the aggregate during each calendar month from the SAP Revenue Account to pay Operational Amounts in accordance with the related SAP Financing Documents. On the date on which the Aggregate Outstanding Advances are reduced to zero, the Administrative Agent shall cause the Paying Agent, pursuant to a written direction, to withdraw all amounts on deposit in the SAP Revenue Account and deposit such amounts into the Collection Account to be paid in accordance with Section 2.7(B) . 
 (F) Paying Agent Account Control . (i) Each Paying Agent Account shall be established at an Eligible Institution and at all times maintained by the Paying Agent which shall act as a securities intermediary (as defined in Section 8-102 of the UCC) and a bank (as defined in Section 9-102 of the UCC) hereunder (in such capacities, the Securities Intermediary with 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -98- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

respect to each Paying Agent Account. The Paying Agent hereby confirms that, as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, the account numbers of each of the Paying Agent Accounts are as described on Schedule II attached hereto. 
 ii i Each Paying Agent Account shall be a securities account as defined in Section 8-501 of the UCC and shall be maintained by the Paying Agent as a securities intermediary for and in the name of the Borrower, subject to the lien of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. The Paying Agent shall treat the Administrative Agent as the entitlement holder (within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(7) of the UCC) in respect of all financial assets (within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC) credited to the Paying Agent Accounts. 
 iii ii The Paying Agent hereby confirms and agrees that 
 (a) the Paying Agent shall not change the name or account number of any Paying Agent Account without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower 
 (b) all securities or other property underlying any financial assets (as hereinafter defined) credited to a Paying Agent Account shall be registered in the name of the Paying Agent, indorsed to the Paying Agent or indorsed in blank or credited to another securities account maintained in the name of the Paying Agent, and in no case will any financial asset credited to a Paying Agent Account be registered in the name of the Borrower or any other Person, payable to the Borrower or specially indorsed to the Borrower or any other Person, except to the extent the foregoing have been specially indorsed to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, or in blank 
 (c) all property transferred or delivered to the Paying Agent pursuant to this Agreement will be credited to the appropriate Borrower Account in accordance with the terms of this Agreement 
 (d) each Paying Agent Account is an account to which financial assets are or may be credited, and the Paying Agent shall, subject to the terms of this Agreement, treat each of the Borrower and the Facility Administrator as entitled to exercise the rights that comprise any financial asset credited to each such Paying Agent Account and 
 (e) notwithstanding the intent of the parties hereto, to the extent that any Paying Agent Account shall be determined to constitute a deposit account within the meaning of Section 9-102(a)(29) of the UCC, such Paying Agent Account shall be subject to the exclusive control of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and the Paying Agent will comply with instructions originated by the Administrative Agent directing disposition of the funds in such Paying Agent Account, without further consent by the Borrower or the Facility Administrator provided that, notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent hereby 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -99- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

authorizes the Paying Agent to honor withdrawal, payment, transfer or other instructions directing disposition of the funds in the Collection Account received from the Borrower or the Facility Administrator, on its behalf, pursuant to Section 2.7 or this Section 8.2 . 
 iv iii The Paying Agent hereby agrees that each item of property (including, without limitation, any investment property, financial asset, security, instrument or cash) credited to any Paying Agent Account shall be treated as a financial asset within the meaning of Section 8-102(a)(9) of the UCC. 
 v iv If at any time the Paying Agent shall receive an entitlement order (as defined in Section 8-102(a)(8) of the UCC) (an Entitlement Order from the Administrative Agent (i.e., an order directing a transfer or redemption of any financial asset in any Paying Agent Account), or any instruction (within the meaning of Section 9-104 of the UCC), originated by the Administrative Agent, the Paying Agent shall comply with such Entitlement Order or instruction without further consent by the Borrower, the Facility Administrator or any other Person. Neither the Facility Administrator nor the Borrower shall make any withdrawals from any Paying Agent Account, except pursuant to Section 2.7 or this Section 8.2 . 
 vi v In the event that the Paying Agent has or subsequently obtains by agreement, by operation of law or otherwise a security interest in any Paying Agent Account or any financial assets, funds, cash or other property credited thereto or any security entitlement with respect thereto, the Paying Agent hereby agrees that such security interest shall be subordinate to the security interest of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the financial assets, funds, cash or other property credited to any Paying Agent Account will not be subject to deduction, set-off, banker s lien, or any other right in favor of any Person other than the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties (except that the Paying Agent may set-off (i) all amounts due to the Paying Agent in its capacity as securities intermediary in respect of customary fees and expenses for the routine maintenance and operation of the Paying Agent Accounts, and (ii) the face amount of any checks that have been credited to the Paying Agent Accounts but are subsequently returned unpaid because of uncollected or insufficient funds). 
 vii vi Regardless of any provision in any other agreement, for purposes of the UCC, New York shall be deemed to be the bank s jurisdiction (within the meaning of Section 9-304 of the UCC) and the security intermediary s jurisdiction (within the meaning of Section 8-110 of the UCC). 
 viii vii If, at any time, the Paying Agent resigns or is removed hereunder or any Paying Agent Account ceases to be held at an Eligible Institution, the Facility Administrator, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, shall within thirty (30) days establish a new Collection Account, Supplemental Reserve Account, Liquidity Reserve Account, the SAP Revenue Account, the WIP Reserve Account and Takeout Transaction Account meeting the conditions specified above with an Eligible 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -100- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Institution reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and transfer any cash and or any investments held therein or with respect thereto to such new Collection Account, Supplemental Reserve Account, Liquidity Reserve Account, SAP Revenue Account, the WIP Reserve Account or Takeout Transaction Account, as applicable. From the date such new Collection Account, Supplemental Reserve Account, Liquidity Reserve Account, SAP Revenue Account, the WIP Reserve Account or Takeout Transaction Account is established, it shall be the Collection Account, Supplemental Reserve Account, Liquidity Reserve Account, SAP Revenue Account, WIP Reserve Account or Takeout Transaction Account hereunder, as applicable. 
 (G) Permitted Investments. Prior to an Event of Default, the Facility Administrator (and after an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent) may direct each banking institution at which the Collection Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account, Supplemental Reserve Account, SAP Revenue Account, the WIP Reserve Account or Takeout Transaction Account shall be maintained, in writing, to invest the funds held in such accounts in one or more Permitted Investments. Absent such written direction, such funds shall remain uninvested. All investments of funds on deposit in the Collection Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account, Supplemental Reserve Account, SAP Revenue Account, the WIP Reserve Account or Takeout Transaction Account shall be uninvested so that such funds will be available on the Business Day immediately preceding the date on which the funds are to be disbursed from such account, unless otherwise expressly set forth herein. All interest derived from such Permitted Investments shall be deemed to be investment proceeds and shall be deposited into such account to be distributed in accordance with the requirements hereof. The taxpayer identification number associated with the Collection Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account, Supplemental Reserve Account, SAP Revenue Account, the WIP Reserve Account and Takeout Transaction Account shall be that of the Borrower, and the Borrower shall report for federal, state and local income tax purposes the income, if any, earned on funds in such accounts. 
 Section 8.3 Adjustments 
 . If the Facility Administrator makes a mistake with respect to the amount of any Collection or payment and deposits, pays or causes to be deposited or paid, an amount that is less than or more than the actual amount thereof, the Facility Administrator shall appropriately adjust the amounts subsequently deposited into the applicable account or paid out to reflect such mistake for the date of such adjustment. Any Eligible Solar Asset in respect of which a dishonored check is received shall be deemed not to have been paid. 
 ARTICLE IX The Paying Agent 
 Section 9.1 Appointment 
 . The appointment of Computershare Trust Company, National Association is hereby confirmed by the other parties hereto (other than the Verification Agent) as Paying Agent, and accepts such appointment subject to the terms of this Agreement. 
 Section 9.2 Representations and Warranties 
 . The Paying Agent represents to the other parties hereto as follows 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -101- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(A) Organization Corporate Powers. The Paying Agent is duly incorporated and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has all requisite power and authority to conduct its business, to own its property and to execute, deliver and perform all of its obligations under this Agreement, and no license, permit, consent or approval, is required to be obtained, effective or given by the Paying Agent to enable it to perform its obligations hereunder. 
 (B) Authority . The execution, delivery and performance by the Paying Agent of this Agreement have been duly authorized by all necessary action on the part of the Paying Agent. 
 (C) Enforcement. This Agreement constitutes the legal, valid and binding obligation of the Paying Agent, enforceable against the Paying Agent in accordance with its terms except as such enforcement may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws affecting the enforcement of creditors rights generally and general principles of equity, regardless of whether such enforcement is sought at equity or at law. 
 (D) No Conflict . The Paying Agent is not in violation of any law, rule, or regulation governing the banking or trust powers of the Paying Agent applicable to it or any indenture, lease, loan or other agreement to which the Paying Agent is a party or by which it or its assets may be bound or affected, except for such laws, rules or regulations or indentures, leases, loans or other agreements the violation of which would not have a material adverse effect on the Paying Agent s abilities to perform its obligations in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 Section 9.3 Limitation of Liability of the Paying Agent 
 . Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, this Agreement has been executed by Computershare Trust Company, National Association, not in its individual capacity, but solely as the Paying Agent, and in no event shall Computershare Trust Company, National Association have any liability for the representations, warranties, covenants, agreements or other obligations of the other parties hereto or in any of the certificates, notices or agreements delivered pursuant hereto, as to all of which recourse shall be had solely to the assets of the party responsible therefor. 
 Section 9.4 Certain Matters Affecting the Paying Agent 
 . Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary 
 (A) The Paying Agent undertakes to perform such duties and only such duties as are specifically set forth in this Agreement. The Paying Agent shall not have any duties or responsibilities except those expressly set forth in this Agreement. 
 (B) The Paying Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, obligations or covenants regardless of whether an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. 
 (C) The Paying Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or any error of judgment made in good faith by an officer or officers of the Paying Agent, unless it shall be conclusively determined by the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction not subject to appeal or review that the Paying Agent was grossly negligent or acted with willful misconduct in ascertaining the pertinent facts. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -102- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(D) The Paying Agent shall not be liable with respect to any action taken or omitted to be taken by it in good faith in accordance with any direction given or certificate or other document delivered to the Paying Agent under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 
 (E) None of the provisions of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall require the Paying Agent to expend or risk its own funds or otherwise to incur any liability, financial or otherwise, in the performance of any of its duties hereunder, or in the exercise of any of its rights or powers if it shall have reasonable grounds for believing that repayment of such funds or indemnity satisfactory to it against such risk or liability is not assured to it. 
 (F) The Paying Agent may conclusively rely and shall be fully protected in acting or refraining from acting upon any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, consent, order, approval or other paper or document believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper party or parties, and shall be under no obligation to inquire as to the adequacy, content, accuracy or sufficiency of any such information or be under any obligation to make any calculation (or re-calculation), certification, or verification in respect of any such information and shall not be liable for any loss that may be occasioned thereby. The Paying Agent may also, but shall not be required to, rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to have been made by the proper person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. 
 (G) Whenever in the administration of the provisions of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document the Paying Agent shall deem it necessary or desirable that a matter be proved or established prior to taking or suffering any action to be taken hereunder, such matter may, in the absence of gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith on the part of the Paying Agent, be deemed to be conclusively proved and established by a certificate delivered to the Paying Agent hereunder, and such certificate, in the absence of gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith on the part of the Paying Agent, shall be full warrant to the Paying Agent for any action taken, suffered or omitted by it under the provisions of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 
 (H) The Paying Agent, at the expense of the Borrower, may consult with counsel, and the advice or any opinion of counsel shall be full and complete authorization and protection in respect of any action taken or omitted by it hereunder in good faith and in accordance with such advice or opinion of counsel provided however that such costs of counsel are reasonable and documented. Before the Paying Agent acts or refrains from acting hereunder, it may require and shall be entitled to receive an Officer s Certificate and or an opinion of counsel, the costs of which (including the Paying Agent s reasonable and documented attorney s fees and expenses) shall be paid by the party requesting that the Paying Agent act or refrain from acting. The Paying Agent shall not be liable for any action it takes or omits to take in good faith in reliance on such Officer s Certificate or opinion of counsel. 
 (I) The Paying Agent shall not be bound to make any investigation into the facts or matters stated in any resolution, certificate, statement, instrument, opinion, report, notice, request, entitlement order, approval or other paper or document. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -103- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(J) Except as provided expressly in Section 8.2(G) hereof, the Paying Agent shall have no obligation to invest and reinvest any cash held in any of the accounts hereunder in the absence of a timely and specific written investment direction pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. In no event shall the Paying Agent be liable for the selection of investments or for investment losses incurred thereon. The Paying Agent shall have no liability in respect of losses incurred as a result of the liquidation of any investment prior to its stated maturity or the failure of another party to timely provide a written investment direction pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. Investments in any Permitted Investments are not obligations or recommendations of, or endorsed or guaranteed by, the Paying Agent or its Affiliates. The Paying Agent and its Affiliates may provide various services for Permitted Investments and may be paid fees for such services. Each party hereto understands and agrees that proceeds of the sale of investments of the funds in any account maintained with the Paying Agent will be deposited by the Paying Agent into the applicable accounts on the Business Day on which the Paying Agent receives appropriate instructions hereunder, if such instructions received by the Paying Agent prior to the deadline for same day sale of such investments. If the Paying Agent receives such instructions after the applicable deadline for the sale of such investments, such proceeds will be deposited by the Paying Agent into the applicable account on the next succeeding Business Day. The parties hereto agree that notifications after the completion of purchases and sales of investments shall not be provided by the Paying Agent hereunder, and the Paying Agent shall make available, upon request and in lieu of notifications, periodic account statements that reflect such investment activity. No statement shall be made available if no investment activity has occurred during such period. 
 (K) The Paying Agent may execute any of the trusts or powers hereunder or perform any duties hereunder either directly or by or through agents, attorneys, affiliates, custodians or nominees appointed with due care, and shall not be responsible for any action or omission on the part of any agent, attorney, custodian or nominee so appointed. 
 (L) Any corporation or entity into which the Paying Agent may be merged or converted or with which it may be consolidated, or any corporation or entity resulting from any merger, conversion or consolidation to which the Paying Agent shall be a party, or any corporation or entity succeeding to the business of the Paying Agent shall be the successor of the Paying Agent hereunder without the execution or filing of any paper with any party hereto or any further act on the part of any of the parties hereto except where an instrument of transfer or assignment is required by law to effect such succession, anything herein to the contrary notwithstanding. 
 (M) In no event shall the Paying Agent be liable for punitive, special, indirect or consequential loss or damage of any kind whatsoever (including lost profits), even if the Paying Agent has been advised of such loss or damage and regardless of the form of action. 
 (N) In no event shall the Paying Agent be liable for any failure or delay in the performance of its obligations under this Agreement or any related documents because of circumstances beyond the Paying Agent s control, including a failure, termination, or suspension of a clearing house, securities depositary, settlement system or central payment system in any applicable part of the world or acts of God, flood, war (whether declared or undeclared), civil or military disturbances or hostilities, nuclear or natural catastrophes, political unrest, explosion, severe weather or accident, earthquake, terrorism, fire, riot, labor disturbances, strikes or work stoppages 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -104- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

for any reason, embargo, government action, including any laws, ordinances, regulations or the like (whether domestic, federal, state, county or municipal or foreign) which delay, restrict or prohibit the providing of the services contemplated by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any related documents, or the unavailability of communications or computer facilities, the failure of equipment or interruption of communications or computer facilities, or the unavailability of the Federal Reserve Bank wire or telex or other wire or communication facility, or any other causes beyond the Paying Agent s control whether or not of the same class or kind as specified above. 
 (O) Knowledge of the Paying Agent shall not be attributed or imputed to any affiliate, line of business, or other division of Computershare Trust Company, National Association (and vice versa). 
 (P) The right of the Paying Agent to perform any permissive or discretionary act enumerated in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall not be construed as a duty. 
 (Q) Absent gross negligence, bad faith or willful misconduct (in each case as conclusively determined by a court of competent jurisdiction pursuant to a final order or verdict not subject to appeal) on the part of, Computershare Trust Company, National Association in acting in each of its capacities under this Agreement and the related Transaction Documents shall not constitute impermissible self-dealing or a conflict of interest, and the parties hereto hereby waive any conflict of interest presented by such service. Computershare Trust Company, National Association may act as agent for, provide banking, custodial, collateral agency, verification and other services to, and generally engage in any kind of business, with others to the same extent as if Computershare Trust Company, National Association, were not a party hereto. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Transaction Document shall in any way be deemed to restrict the right of Computershare Trust Company, National Association to perform such services for any other person or entity, and the performance of such services for others will not, in and of itself, be deemed to violate or give rise to any duty or obligation to any party hereto not specifically undertaken by Computershare Trust Company, National Association hereunder or under any other Transaction Document. 
 (R) The Paying Agent shall not be responsible for preparing or filing any reports or returns relating to federal, state or local income taxes with respect to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document other than for the Paying Agent s compensation. 
 (S) The Paying Agent shall not be deemed to have notice or knowledge of, or be required to act based on, any event or information (including any Event of Default, Amortization Event or any other default and including the sending of any notice) unless a Responsible Officer of the Paying Agent has actual knowledge or shall have received written notice thereof. In the absence of such actual knowledge or receipt of such notice, the Paying Agent may conclusively assume that none of such events have occurred and the Paying Agent shall not have any obligation or duty to determine whether any Event of Default, Amortization Event or any other default has occurred. The delivery or availability of reports or other documents to the Paying Agent (including publicly available reports or documents) shall not constitute actual or constructive knowledge or notice of information contained in or determinable from those reports or documents, except for such information provided to be delivered under this Agreement to the Paying Agent and knowledge or information acquired by any Responsible Officer of the Paying Agent in any of its respective capacities hereunder or 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -105- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

under any other document related to this transaction, provided that the foregoing shall not relieve the Person acting as Paying Agent, as applicable, from its obligations to perform or responsibility for the manner of performance of its duties in a separate capacity under the Transaction Documents. 
 (T) Except as otherwise provided in this Article IX 
 (i) except as expressly required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the Paying Agent shall not be required to make any initial or periodic examination of any documents or records for the purpose of establishing the presence or absence of defects, the compliance by the Borrower or any other Person with its representations and warranties or for any other purpose except as expressly required pursuant to the terms of this Agreement 
 (ii) whether or not therein expressly so provided, every provision of this Agreement relating to the conduct or affecting the liability of or affording protection to the Paying Agent shall be subject to the provisions of this Article IX 
 (iii) the Paying Agent shall not have any liability with respect to the acts or omissions of any other Person, and may assume compliance by each of the other parties to the Transaction Documents with their obligations thereunder unless a Responsible Officer of the Paying Agent is notified of any such noncompliance in writing 
 (iv) under no circumstances shall the Paying Agent be personally liable for any representation, warranty, covenant, obligation or indebtedness of any other party to the Transaction Documents (other than Computershare Trust Company, National Association in any of its capacities under the Transaction Documents) 
 (v) the Paying Agent shall not be held responsible or liable for or in respect of, and makes no representation or warranty with respect to (A) any recording, filing or depositing of this Agreement or any agreement referred to herein or any financing statement, continuation statement or amendments to a financing statement or continuation statement evidencing a security interest, or to see to the maintenance of any such recording or filing or depositing or to any re-recording, refiling or redepositing of any thereof, or (B) the existence, genuineness, value or protection of any collateral, for the legality, enforceability, effectiveness or sufficiency of the Transaction Documents or for the monitoring, creation, maintenance, enforceability, existence, status, validity, priority or perfection of any security interest, lien or collateral or the performance of any collateral and 
 (vi) the Paying Agent shall not be required to take any action hereunder if it shall have reasonably determined, or shall have been advised by its counsel, that such action is likely to result in liability on the part of the Paying Agent or is contrary to the terms hereof or any other Transaction Document to which it is a party or is not in accordance with applicable laws. 
 (U) It is expressly understood and agreed by the parties hereto that the Paying Agent (i) has not provided nor will it provide in the future, any advice, counsel or opinion regarding the tax, 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -106- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

financial, investment, securities law or insurance implications and consequences of the consummation, funding and ongoing administration of this Agreement and the matters contemplated herein, including, but not limited to, income, gift and estate tax issues, and the initial and ongoing selection and monitoring of financing arrangements, (ii) has not made any investigation as to the accuracy of any representations, warranties or other obligations of any other party to this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or any other document or instrument and shall not have any liability in connection therewith and (iii) has not prepared or verified, or shall be responsible or liable for, any information, disclosure or other statement in any disclosure or offering document delivered in connection with this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents. 
 (V) The recitals contained herein shall not be taken as the statements of the Paying Agent, and the Paying Agent does not assume any responsibility for their correctness. The Paying Agent does not make any representation regarding the validity, sufficiency or enforceability of this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents or as to the perfection or priority of any security interest therein, except as expressly set forth in Section 9.2(C) . 
 (W) In the event that (i) the Paying Agent is unsure as to the application or interpretation of any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (ii) this Agreement is silent or is incomplete as to the course of action that the Paying Agent is required or permitted to take with respect to a particular set of facts, or (iii) more than one methodology can be used to make any determination or calculation to be performed by the Paying Agent hereunder, then the Paying Agent may give written notice to the Administrative Agent (with a copy to each Lender) requesting written instruction and, to the extent that the Paying Agent acts or refrains from acting in good faith in accordance with any such written instruction, the Paying Agent shall not be personally liable to any Person. If the Paying Agent shall not have received such written instruction within ten (10) calendar days of delivery of notice to the Administrative Agent (or within such shorter period of time as may reasonably be specified in such notice or as may be necessary under the circumstances) it may, but shall be under no duty to, take or refrain from taking any action, and shall have no liability to any Person for such action or inaction. 
 (X) The Paying Agent shall be under no obligation to exercise any of the rights or powers vested in it by this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or to institute, conduct or defend any litigation hereunder or thereunder or in relation hereto or thereto at the request, order or direction of any of any Person, unless such Person with the requisite authority shall have offered to the Paying Agent security or indemnity satisfactory to the Paying Agent against the costs, expenses and liabilities (including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of the Paying Agent s counsel and agents) which may be incurred therein or thereby. 
 (Y) The Paying Agent shall have no duty (i) to maintain or monitor any insurance or (ii) to see to the payment or discharge of any tax, assessment, or other governmental charge or any lien or encumbrance of any kind owing with respect to, assessed or levied against, any part of the Collateral. 
 (Z) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Paying Agent shall not be required to take any action that is not in accordance with applicable law. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -107- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(AA) The rights, benefits, protections, immunities and indemnities afforded the Paying Agent hereunder shall extend to the Paying Agent (in any of its capacities) under any other Transaction Document or related agreement as though set forth therein in their entirety mutatis mutandis . 
 Section 9.5 Indemnification 
 . The Borrower and the Facility Administrator (for so long as the Facility Administrator is an Affiliate of the Borrower) agree, jointly and severally, to reimburse and indemnify, defend and hold harmless the Paying Agent, in its individual and representative capacities, and its officers, directors, agents and employees (collectively, the Paying Agent Indemnified Parties against any and all fees, costs, damages, losses, suits, claims, judgments, liabilities, obligations, penalties, actions, expenses (including the reasonable and documented fees and expenses of counsel and court costs) or disbursements of any kind and nature whatsoever, regardless of the merit, which may be imposed on, incurred by or demanded, claimed or asserted against any of them in any way directly or indirectly relating to or arising out of or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or any other document delivered in connection herewith or therewith or the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby, or the enforcement of any of the terms hereof or thereof or of any such other documents, including in connection with any enforcement (including any action, claim or suit brought) by any Paying Agent Indemnified Party of its rights hereunder or thereunder (including rights to indemnification), provided, that none of the Borrower or the Facility Administrator shall be liable for any of the foregoing to the extent arising from the gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the Paying Agent, as determined by the final judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction, no longer subject to appeal or review. The provisions of this Section 9.5 shall survive the discharge, termination or assignment of this Agreement or any related agreement or the earlier of the resignation or removal of the Paying Agent. This Section 9.5 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, liabilities, claims and damages arising from any non-Tax Proceeding. The Paying Agent Indemnified Parties reasonable and documented expenses are intended as expenses of administration. 
 Section 9.6 Successor Paying Agent 
 . 
 (A) The Paying Agent may resign at any time by giving at least thirty (30) days prior written notice thereof to the other parties hereto provided, that no such resignation shall become effective until a successor Paying Agent that is satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and, to the extent no Event of Default or Amortization Event has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower, has been appointed hereunder. The Paying Agent may be removed at any time for cause by at least thirty (30) days prior written notice received by the Paying Agent from the Administrative Agent. Upon any such resignation or removal, the Administrative Agent shall have the right to appoint a successor Paying Agent that is satisfactory to the Borrower (unless an Event of Default or Amortization Event has occurred and is continuing). If no successor Paying Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the exiting Paying Agent s giving notice of resignation or receipt of notice of removal, then the exiting Paying Agent may, at the sole expense (including all fees, costs and expenses (including attorneys reasonable and documented fees and expenses) incurred in connection with such petition) of the Borrower, petition a court of competent jurisdiction to appoint a successor Paying Agent. Upon the 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -108- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

acceptance of any appointment as the Paying Agent hereunder by a successor Paying Agent, such successor Paying Agent shall thereupon succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the exiting Paying Agent, and the exiting Paying Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder. After any exiting Paying Agent s resignation hereunder, the provisions of this Article IX shall continue in effect for its benefit in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by it while it was acting as the Paying Agent hereunder. If the Paying Agent consolidates with, merges or converts into, or transfers or sells all or substantially all its corporate trust business or assets to, another Person, the resulting, surviving or transferee Person without any further act shall be the successor Paying Agent. 
 (B) Prior to the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association transferred and sold substantially all of its trust business or assets to Computershare Trust Company, National Association. Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, Computershare Trust Company, National Association and each other party hereto hereby acknowledges and agrees that, as of the Second Amended and Restatement Date, Computershare Trust Company, National Association shall be the Paying Agent as successor to Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as a result of such transfer and sale in accordance with the last sentence of Section 9.6(A) , and all rights and obligations of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as the initial paying agent under the Transaction Documents and any documents entered into or delivered pursuant thereto have been assigned to Computershare Trust Company, National Association. 
 ARTICLE X Miscellaneous 
 Section 10.1 Survival 
 . All representations and warranties made by the Borrower and the Facility Administrator herein and all indemnification obligations of the Borrower and the Facility Administrator hereunder shall survive, and shall continue in full force and effect, after the making and the repayment of the Advances hereunder and the termination of this Agreement. 
 Section 10.2 Amendments, Etc. 
 (A) 
 (A) Except as otherwise set forth in this Agreement (including Section 2.15 or in the applicable Transaction Documents, no amendment to or waiver of any provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document (other than any Fee Letter), nor consent to any departure therefrom by the parties hereto, shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and executed by the Borrower and the Majority Lenders, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, or by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent with the consent of the Majority Lenders (and each such consent or waiver shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purpose for which given) provided , that no such amendment, waiver or consent shall 
 (i) amend, modify or waive any provision of Section 7.14 7.12 through Section 7.22 7.21 hereof without the written consent of all Funding Agents 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -109- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(ii) affect the rights or duties of the Paying Agent, Verification Agent or Facility Administrator under this Agreement without the written consent of such Paying Agent, Verification Agent or Facility Administrator, respectively or 
 (iii) extend or increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender 
 provided , however , that no Class A Fundamental Amendment shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Class A Lender and no Class B Fundamental Amendment shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Class B Lender and provided further , that no Fundamental Amendment shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be in writing and signed by each of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and each Lender provided , that consent to any amendment, consent or waiver shall not be unreasonably withheld by any Class B Lender. 
 The Borrower agrees to provide notice to each party hereto of any amendments to, consents of, or waivers of any provision of this Agreement. 
 (B) Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document to the contrary, the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders and each Funding Agent, and the Borrower may enter into an amendment hereto for the purpose of subdividing the Advances into separate tranches or reallocating the outstanding principal balance of the Advances among the Class A Advances and the Class B Advances provided , no such amendment may be executed without the consent of all Lenders affected thereby provided further , that such amendment shall be at the expense of the Lender or Lenders requesting such amendment and that none of the Borrower, Paying Agent or the Administrative Agent need enter into such amendment and no Lender need consent to such amendment if it would have a Material Adverse Effect on the payments, economics or obligations of any such party. Subject to the preceding sentence, each of the Borrower and the Facility Administrator agree to cooperate in effecting any amendment pursuant to this Section 10.2(B) . 
 (C) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 10.2 , the consent of the Administrative Agent shall not be required for any amendment made in accordance with Section 5.1(A)(ix) and Section 5.1(A)(x) . 
 (D) Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, no Defaulting Lender shall have any right to approve or disapprove any amendment, waiver or consent hereunder (and any amendment, waiver or consent that by its terms requires the consent of all the Lenders or each affected Lender may be effected with the consent of the applicable Lenders other than Defaulting Lenders), except that (x) the Commitment of any Defaulting Lender may not be increased or extended, the maturity of any of its Advances may not be extended, the rate of interest on any of its Advances may not be reduced and the principal amount of any of its Advances may not be forgiven, in each case without the consent of such Defaulting Lender and (y) any amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of all the Lenders or each affected Lender that by its terms affects any Defaulting Lender more adversely than the other affected Lenders shall require the consent of such Defaulting Lender. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -110- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(E) In addition, notwithstanding anything in this Section 10.2 to the contrary, if the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall have jointly identified an obvious error or any error or omission of a technical nature, in each case, in any provision of the Transaction Documents, then the Administrative Agent and the Borrower shall be permitted to amend such provision, and, in each case, such amendment shall become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to any Transaction Document if the same is not objected to in writing by the Majority Lenders to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days following receipt of notice thereof. 
 (F) No amendment of any term or provision of Section 10.27 hereof shall impact the rights, obligations or liabilities of the Green Loan Structuring Agent under any Transaction Document shall be effective without the written consent of the Green Loan Structuring Agent. 
 Section 10.3 Notices, Etc. 
 
 (A) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone (and except as provided by clause (B) below), all notices and other communications provided for hereunder shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by email as follows 
 (i) if to the Borrower, to the Borrower, at its address at 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540, Houston, TX 77046. Attention Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, email address 
 (ii) if to the Facility Administrator, at its address at 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540, Houston, TX 77046, Attention Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, email address 
 (iii) if to the Administrative Agent or the Atlas Funding Agent, at its address at Atlas Securitized Products Holdings Administration , L.P., 230 Park Avenue, Suite 800, New York, NY 10169, Attention ATLAS SP Partners Warehouse Financing, email address , and if to AGF WHCO 1-A1 LP, its address at AGF WHCO 1-A1 LP, c o AASP Management LP, 9 West 57th Street, 42nd Floor, New York, NY 10019, c o Atlas Securitized Products Advisors, L.P. Administration BKR GP, LLC , email address 
 (iv) if to SVB, as a Class A Funding Agent or a Class A Lender, at its address at Silicon Valley Bank, a Division of First Citizens Bank & Trust Company, 11 W 42nd Street, 13th Floor, New York, NY 10036, Attention , Email , , Telephone 
 (v) if to EWB, as a Class A Funding Agent or a Class A Lender, at its address at East West Bank, 135 N. Los Robles Avenue, 8th Floor, Pasadena, CA 91101, Attention , Email , Telephone 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -111- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(vi) if to ING, as a Class A Funding Agent or a Class A Lender, at its address at ING Capital LLC, 1133 Avenue of Americas, New York, NY, 10036, Attention , Email , Telephone 
 (vii) if to Barclays, as a Class A Funding Agent or a Class A Lender, at its address at Barclays Bank PLC, 745 Seventh Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10019, Email 
 (viii) if to Salisbury Receivables Company LLC, as a Conduit Lender, at its address at Salisbury Receivables Company LLC, 745 Seventh Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10019, Email 
 (ix) if to Sheffield Receivables Company LLC, as a Conduit Lender, at its address at Sheffield Receivables Company LLC, 745 Seventh Avenue, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10019, Email 
 (x) if to MUFG, as a Class A Funding Agent or Class A Lender, at its address at MUFG Bank, Ltd., 1221 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10020, Attention , Email , Telephone 
 (xi) if to Victory Receivables Corporation, as Conduit Lender, at its address at Victory Receivables Corporation, 1221 Avenue of the Americas, New York, NY 10020, Attention , Email , Telephone 
 (xii) if to a LibreMax Related Party, at its address at LibreMax E Value Master Fund, Ltd. c o LibreMax Capital, LLC 600 Lexington Ave, 7th Floor New York, NY 10022 Attention , Email , Telephone Boston Patriot Saint James SPE LLC c o LibreMax Capital, LLC 600 Lexington Ave, 7th Floor New York, NY 10022 Attention , Email , Telephone LibreMax Structured Opportunities Master Fund II, LP c o LibreMax Capital, LLC 600 Lexington Ave, 7th Floor New York, NY 10022 Attention , Email , Telephone LibreMax Structured Income (ECI) Master Fund III, LP c o LibreMax Capital, LLC 600 Lexington Ave, 7th Floor New York, NY 10022 Attention , Email , Telephone LibreMax Value Master Fund, Ltd. c o LibreMax Capital, LLC 600 Lexington Ave, 7th Floor New York, NY 10022 Attention , Email , Telephone LibreMax Opportunistic Value Master Fund, LP c o LibreMax Capital, LLC 600 Lexington Ave, 7th Floor New York, NY 10022 Attention , Email , Telephone and Variant Impact Fund, 10300 SW Greenburg Road, Suite 308, Portland, Oregon 97223, Attention Operations, Email 
 (xiii) if to ACM AIF Evergreen P3 DAC SubCo LP or Atalaya Asset Income Fund Parallel 345 LP, as a Class B Lender, or Midtown Madison Management LLC, as a Funding Agent, at its address at One Rockefeller Plaza, 32nd Floor, New York, NY 10020, Attention , , Sunnova Deal Team, Email 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -112- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(xiv) if to the Paying Agent, at its address at 1505 Energy Park Drive, St. Paul, MN 55108, Attention Computershare Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Administration, E-mail 
 (xv) if to any other Funding Agent or Lender, to its address (or email address) set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire and 
 (xvi) in the case of any party, at such address or other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to each of the other parties hereto. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Facility Administrator Report described in Section 5.1(B) and the Borrowing Base Certificate described in Section 2.4 may be delivered by electronic mail provided, that such electronic mail is sent by a Responsible Officer and each such Facility Administrator Report or the Borrowing Base Certificate is accompanied by an electronic reproduction of the signature of a Responsible Officer of the Borrower. All such notices and communications shall be effective, upon receipt, provided, that notice by email shall be effective upon electronic or telephonic confirmation of receipt from the recipient. 
 Notices sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail, shall be deemed to have been given when received. Notices delivered through electronic communications, to the extent provided in clause (B) below, shall be effective as provided in said clause (B). 
 (B) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by electronic communication (including email, FpML, and Internet or intranet websites) pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent, provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices to any Lender pursuant to Article II if such Lender has notified the Administrative Agent that it is incapable of receiving notices under such Article by electronic communication. The Administrative Agent or the Borrower may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by electronic communications pursuant to procedures approved by it provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. 
 (C) Unless the parties hereto otherwise agree in writing, (i) notices and other communications sent to an email address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement acknowledgment from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return email or other written acknowledgement acknowledgment ), and (ii) notices or communications posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its email address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, email or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next business day for the recipient. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -113- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(D) Any party hereto may change its address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. 
 (E) Notwithstanding the foregoing or any other provision of this Agreement, delivery of any notice or report required or permitted under this Agreement (with the exception of any notification of breach or default, whether matured or unmatured, including but not limited to any Potential Default, Event of Default, Potential Amortization Event, Amortization Event, and any notices, reports or other communications that by its terms requires two or more forms of notice), by or on behalf of the Borrower to any other transaction party shall be, or by or on behalf of any other transaction party to the Borrower or any other transaction party may (but shall not be required to) be, transmitted by means of use of the communication portal maintained by the Administrative Agent, Atlas (if different) or any of their Affiliates (the Portal Provider ), which shall be initially located at https conduitportal.credit-suisse.com, or at such other internet address as shall be specified by the Portal Provider from time to time in writing to the Borrower and all other parties (the Communication Portal ). As a condition of providing access to the Communication Portal, the Portal Provider may require registration and the acceptance of a disclaimer and or other agreement to the terms and conditions of use, including an agreement to comply with the Portal Provider s instructions for use of the Communication Portal. No such notice or report made by means of the Communication Portal shall be deemed sufficient for any purpose unless uploaded in accordance with the terms and conditions of use and instructions for use of the Communication Portal provided by the Portal Provider from time to time. The Communication Portal is provided as is and as available. The Administrative Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of the Communication Portal and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Administrative Agent Party in connection with the Communications or the Communications Portal. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Administrative Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of communications through the Communications Portal. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of the Borrower pursuant to any Transaction Document or the transactions contemplated therein that is distributed to the Administrative Agent, any Lender by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through the Communications Portal. Neither the Administrative Agent nor (if different) the Portal Provider shall be responsible for any failure of any such notice or report to be delivered, timely or otherwise, to any party. Furthermore, neither the Administrative Agent nor (if different) the Portal Provider shall have any liability to the Borrower or any other party with respect to any information that is not delivered or transmitted to or available for download by any party, because of the failure of that information to be uploaded in accordance with the terms and conditions of the use of the Communication Portal, because that information is not in a form or format that will allow it to be uploaded to or further transmitted by the Communication Portal, or because that information is not actually received by the Communication Portal for any reason. Each of Borrower and any other transaction party that uploads any notice or report to the Communication Portal understands and acknowledges that it has sole responsibility for redacting any confidential 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -114- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

information or personally identifiable information from any notice or report before uploading it to the Communication Portal and that, once so uploaded, any such notice or report may be transmitted to or downloaded by any other party as is, in the form received. For the avoidance of doubt, the Portal Provider shall not be responsible for redacting from any uploaded notice or report any confidential information prior to providing that information to any other party. The Portal Provider shall not be required to make available to any party any information that in its sole judgment is confidential, may include any personally identifiable information or could otherwise violate Applicable Law, or could result in liability to the Administrative Agent or (if different) the Portal Provider, or to any of their respective Affiliates. Both the Administrative Agent and (if different) the Portal Provider shall be entitled to rely on but shall not be responsible to any other party for the content or accuracy of any information provided by means of the Communication Portal. 
 Section 10.4 No Waiver Remedies 
 . No failure on the part of the Administrative Agent or any Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, remedy, power or privilege hereunder or under any other Transaction Document shall operate as a waiver thereof nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right, remedy, power or privilege preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right, remedy, power or privilege. The rights, remedies, powers and privileges hereunder and under the Transaction Documents are cumulative and not exclusive of any rights, remedies, powers or privileges that any Person would otherwise have. 
 Section 10.5 Indemnification 
 . The Borrower agrees to indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Green Loan Structuring Agent, the Paying Agent, the Successor Facility Administrator, the Verification Agent, each Lender, and their respective Related Parties (collectively, the Indemnitees from and hold each of them harmless against any and all losses, liabilities, claims, damages or expenses (including court costs and fees and expenses of counsel and of enforcing the Borrower s indemnification obligations hereunder) to which such Indemnitee may become subject arising out of, resulting from or in connection with any claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding (each, a Proceeding (including any Proceedings under environmental laws)) relating to the Transaction Documents or any other agreement, document, instrument or transaction related thereto, the use of proceeds thereof and the transactions contemplated hereby, regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto and whether or not such Proceedings are brought by the Borrower, its equity holders, affiliates, creditors or any other third party, and to reimburse each Indemnitee upon written demand therefor (together with reasonable back-up documentation supporting such reimbursement request) for any reasonable and documented legal or other out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with investigating or defending any of the foregoing of one law firm to all such Indemnitees, taken as a whole, and, in the case of a conflict of interest, of one additional counsel to the affected Indemnitee taken as a whole (and, if reasonably necessary, of one local counsel and or one regulatory counsel in any material relevant jurisdiction) provided, that the foregoing indemnity and reimbursement obligation will not, as to any Indemnitee, apply to (A) losses, claims, damages, liabilities or related expenses (i) to the extent they are found in a final non-appealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction to arise from the willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence of, or with respect to Indemnitees other than the Paying Agent or the Verification Agent, material breach of the Transaction Documents by, such Indemnitee or any of its affiliates or controlling persons or any of the officers, directors, employees, advisors or agents of any of the foregoing or (ii) arising out of any claim, litigation, 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -115- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

investigation or proceeding that does not involve an act or omission of the Borrower or any of their Affiliates and that is brought by such Indemnitee against another Indemnitee (other than an Indemnitee acting in its capacity as Paying Agent, agent, arranger or any other similar role in connection with the Transaction Documents) or (B) any settlement entered into by such Indemnitee without the Borrower s written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). This Section 10.5 shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses, liabilities, claims and damages arising from any non-Tax Proceeding. The provisions of this Section 10.5 shall survive the discharge, termination or assignment of this Agreement or any related agreement or the earlier of the resignation or removal of the Paying Agent or the Verification Agent. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Section 10.5 , the provisions of this Section shall be applied without prejudice to, and the provisions shall not have the effect of diminishing, the rights of the Paying Agent and any Paying Agent Indemnified Parties under Section 9.5 of this Agreement or any other provision of any Transaction Document providing for the indemnification of any such Persons. 
 Section 10.6 Costs, Expenses and Taxes 
 . The Borrower agrees to pay all reasonable and documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses in connection with the preparation, execution, delivery, filing, recording, administration, modification, amendment or waiver of this Agreement, the Loan Notes and the other documents to be delivered hereunder, including the reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses of counsel for the Administrative Agent, the Green Loan Structuring Agent, and the Paying Agent with respect thereto and with respect to advising the Administrative Agent, the Green Loan Structuring Agent, and the Paying Agent as to their respective rights and responsibilities under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. The Borrower further agrees to pay on demand all documented out-of-pocket costs and expenses, if any (including reasonable and documented counsel fees and expenses) (A) in connection with the enforcement (whether through negotiations, legal proceedings or otherwise) of this Agreement, the Loan Notes and the other documents to be delivered hereunder and (B) incurred by the Administrative Agent or the Paying Agent in connection with the transactions described herein and in the other Transaction Documents, or any potential Takeout Transaction, including in any case reasonable and documented counsel fees and expenses in connection with the enforcement of rights under this Section 10.6 . Without limiting the foregoing, the Borrower acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent or its counsel may at any time after an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, engage professional consultants selected by the Administrative Agent to conduct additional due diligence with respect to the transactions contemplated hereby, including (A) review and independently assess the existing methodology employed by the Borrower in allocating Collections with respect to the Collateral, assess the reasonableness of the methodology for the equitable allocation of those Collections and make any recommendations to amend the methodology, if appropriate, (B) review the financial forecasts submitted by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and assess the reasonableness and feasibility of those forecasts and make any recommendations based on that review, if appropriate, and (C) verify the asset base of the Borrower and the Borrower s valuation of their assets, as well as certain matters related thereto. The reasonable and documented out-of-pocket fees and expenses of such professional consultants, in accordance with the provisions of this Section 10.6 , shall be at the sole cost and expense of the Borrower. In addition, the Borrower shall pay any and all Other Taxes and agrees to save the Administrative Agent, the Green Loan Structuring Agent, the Paying Agent and each Lender harmless from and against any and all liabilities with respect to or resulting from 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -116- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

any delay in paying or omission to pay such Other Taxes. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth in this Section 10.6 , the Borrower shall not be required to pay the costs or expenses of the Lenders following an Event of Default if such costs or expenses are related to disputes among the Lenders. 
 Section 10.7 Right of Set-off Ratable Payments Relations Among Lenders 
 . 
 (A) Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of any Event of Default, and subject to the prior payment of Obligations owed to the Paying Agent, each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held by and other indebtedness incurred pursuant to this Agreement at any time owing to the Administrative Agent or such Lender to or for the credit or the account of the Borrower against any and all of the obligations of the Borrower now or hereafter existing under this Agreement and the Loan Notes, whether or not the Administrative Agent or such Lenders shall have made any demand under this Agreement or the Loan Notes and although such obligations may be unmatured provided that in the event that any Defaulting Lender shall exercise any such right of setoff, (x) all amounts so set off shall be paid over immediately to the Administrative Agent for further application in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.12(E)(ii)(b) and, pending such payment, shall be segregated by such Defaulting Lender from its other funds and deemed held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and (y) the Defaulting Lender shall provide promptly to the Administrative Agent a statement describing in reasonable detail the Obligations owing to such Defaulting Lender as to which it exercised such right of setoff. The Administrative Agent and each Lender agrees agree promptly to notify the Borrower after any such set-off and application provided that the failure to give such notice shall not affect the validity of such set-off and application. The rights of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders under this Section 10.7(A) are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of set-off) which the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may have. 
 (B) If any Lender, whether by setoff or counterclaim or otherwise, has payment made to it upon its Advances or other Obligations hereunder in a greater proportion than its pro rata share thereof as provided herein, such Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent of such fact and shall, promptly upon demand, purchase (for cash at face value) a portion of the Advances and such other Obligations held by other Lenders, or make such other adjustments as shall be equitable, so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by the Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of Advances and other amounts owing them, provided that 
 (i) if any such portions are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such portions shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest and 
 (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to (x) any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement (including the application of funds arising from the existence of a Defaulting Lender or a Disqualified Lender), (y) any payment obtained by a Lender as 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -117- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

consideration for the assignment of or sale of a participation in any of its Advances to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). 
 If any Lender, whether in connection with setoff or amounts which might be subject to setoff or otherwise, receives collateral or other protection for its Obligations or such amounts which may be subject to setoff, such Lender agrees, promptly upon written demand, to take such action necessary such that all Lenders share in the benefits of such collateral ratably in proportion to the obligations owing to them. In case any such payment is disturbed by legal process, or otherwise, appropriate further adjustments shall be made. 
 The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under Applicable Law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of setoff and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. 
 (C) Except with respect to the exercise of set-off rights of any Lender in accordance with Section 10.7(A) , the proceeds of which are applied in accordance with this Agreement, each Lender agrees that it will not take any action, nor institute any actions or proceedings, against the Borrower or any other obligor hereunder or with respect to any Collateral or Transaction Document, without the prior written consent of the other Lenders or, as may be provided in this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents, at the direction of the Administrative Agent. 
 (D) The Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the acts or omissions of, or (except as otherwise set forth herein in case of the Administrative Agent and the Funding Agents) authorized to act for, any other Lender. 
 Section 10.8 Binding Effect Assignment 
 . 
 (A) Successors and Assigns Generally . This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Borrower, the Paying Agent, the Verification Agent, the Facility Administrator and the Administrative Agent, each Funding Agent and each Lender, and their respective successors and assigns, except that the Borrower shall not have the right to assign its rights hereunder or any interest herein without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (and any assignment by Borrower in violation of this Section 10.8 shall be null and void) and no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder except (i) to an assignee in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (B) of this Section 10.8 , (ii) by way of participation in accordance with the provisions of paragraph (D) of this Section 10.8 , (iii) by way of pledge or assignment of a security interest subject to the restrictions of paragraph (E) of this Section 10.8 or (iv) in connection with an assignment to an Additional Lender in accordance with the provisions of Section 2.18(B) . Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby, Participants to the extent provided in paragraph (D) of this Section 10.8 and, to the extent expressly 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -118- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. 
 (B) Assignments by Lenders . Any Lender may at any time assign to one or more assignees all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Advances at the time owing to it) provided that any such assignment shall be subject to the following conditions 
 (i) Minimum Amounts . 
 (a) in the case of an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or the Advances at the time owing to it or contemporaneous assignments to or by related Permitted Assignee (determined after giving effect to such assignments) that equal at least the amount specified in paragraph (B)(i)(b) of this Section 10.8 in the aggregate or in the case of an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or a Permitted Assignee, no minimum amount need be assigned and 
 (b) in any case not described in paragraph (B)(i)(a) of this Section 10.8 , the aggregate amount of the Commitment (which for this purpose includes Advances outstanding thereunder) or, if the Commitment is not then in effect, the principal outstanding balance of the Advances of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment Agreement with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent or, if Trade Date is specified in the Assignment Agreement, as of the Trade Date) shall not be less than 10,000,000, unless each of the Administrative Agent and, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, the Borrower otherwise consents (each such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed). 
 (ii) Proportionate Amounts . Each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement with respect to the Advance or the Commitment assigned. 
 (iii) Required Consents . No consent shall be required for any assignment except to the extent required by paragraph (B)(i)(b) of this Section 10.8 and, in addition 
 (a) the consent of the Borrower (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required unless (x) an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing at the time of such assignment, or (y) such assignment is to a Permitted Assignee provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to any such assignment unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received notice thereof and 
 (b) the consent of the Administrative Agent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) shall be required for assignments to a Person that is not a Lender or a Permitted Assignee. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -119- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(iv) Assignment Agreement . The parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent an Assignment Agreement (in the form attached hereto as Exhibit F or otherwise acceptable to the Administrative Agent, together with a processing and recordation fee of 5,000 provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its sole discretion, elect to waive such processing and recordation fee in the case of any assignment, provided further that an assignment among members of the same Lender Group may be effected solely by entry on the Funding Agent s books and records and without any processing or recordation fee). The assignee, if it is not a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire. 
 (v) No Assignment to Certain Persons . No such assignment shall be made to (a) the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries or (b) any Disqualified Lender, any Defaulting Lender or any of their Subsidiaries, or any Person who, upon becoming a Lender hereunder, would constitute a Defaulting Lender or a Subsidiary thereof (unless, in the case of a Disqualified Lender, either (i) an Event of Default or Amortization Event has occurred or (ii) the Borrower has consented to such assignment in writing in its sole and absolutely discretion, which, in either such case, such assignee shall not be considered a Disqualified Lender for the purpose of this Agreement). 
 (vi) No Assignment to Natural Persons . No such assignment shall be made to a natural person (or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person). 
 (vii) Certain Additional Payments . In connection with any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder, no such assignment shall be effective unless and until, in addition to the other conditions thereto set forth herein, the parties to the assignment shall make such additional payments to the Administrative Agent in an aggregate amount sufficient, upon distribution thereof as appropriate (which may be outright payment, purchases by the assignee of participations or subparticipations, or other compensating actions, including funding, with the consent of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, the applicable pro rata share of Advances previously requested but not funded by the Defaulting Lender, to each of which the applicable assignee and assignor hereby irrevocably consent), to (x) pay and satisfy in full all payment liabilities then owed by such Defaulting Lender to the Administrative Agent and each other Lender hereunder (and interest accrued thereon), and (y) acquire (and fund as appropriate) its full pro rata share of all Advances in accordance with its applicable percentage of the Advances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event that any assignment of rights and obligations of any Defaulting Lender hereunder shall become effective under Applicable Law without compliance with the provisions of this paragraph, then the assignee of such interest shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender for all purposes of this Agreement until such compliance occurs. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, any Funding Agent may, at any time, upon notice to the Administrative Agent but without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower and without having to satisfy the conditions in clauses (i)-(iv) or (vii) above (i) replace an existing Lender in such Funding Agent s Lender Group with any Lender or Lender Affiliate, (ii) add any Lender or Lender 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -120- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Affiliate as a new Lender in such Funding Agent s Lender Group, (iii) remove a Lender from such Funding Agent s Lender Group or (iv) reallocate or assign Commitments or Advances among the Lenders in such Funding Agent s Lender Group. Subject to acceptance and recording thereof by the Administrative Agent (or its agent) pursuant to paragraph (C) of this Section 10.8 , from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment Agreement, the assignee thereunder shall be a party to this Agreement and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment Agreement, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment Agreement, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment Agreement covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto) but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.12 , 2.17 , 10.5 and 10.6 with respect to facts and circumstances occurring prior to the effective date of such assignment provided that, except to the extent otherwise expressly agreed by the affected parties, no assignment by a Defaulting Lender will constitute a waiver or release of any claim of any party hereunder arising from that Lender s having been a Defaulting Lender. Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this paragraph shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (D) of this Section 10.8 . 
 (C) Register . Upon, and to the extent of, any assignment (unless otherwise stated therein) made by any Lender hereunder, the assignee or purchaser of such assignment shall be a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement and shall have all the rights, benefits and obligations (including the obligation to provide documentation pursuant to Section 2.17(G) of a Lender hereunder. The Administrative Agent, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a register (the Register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders. Each Funding Agent, in accordance with its usual practice records evidencing the indebtedness of the Borrower to the Lenders in the related Lender Group resulting from each Advance made by such Lenders shall maintain at one of its offices a register for the recordation of the outstanding principal amounts (and accrued interest) of the Advances owing to each such Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time and any assignment of such outstanding Advances. The entries on the Register maintained pursuant to this Section 10.8(C) shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Funding Agents and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, the Paying Agent and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. Any failure of any Lender, any Funding Agent or the Administrative Agent to maintain such records or make any entry therein or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligations of the Borrower under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents. In the event of any conflict between the records maintained by any Funding Agent and the records maintained by the Administrative Agent in such matters, the records of the Administrative Agent shall control in the absence of manifest error. 
 (D) Participations . Any Lender may at any time, without the consent of, or notice to, the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, sell participations to any Person (other than a natural person, or a holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a natural person, or the Borrower or any of the Borrower s Affiliates or Subsidiaries) (each, a 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -121- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Participant in all or a portion of such Lender s rights or obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment or the Advances owing to it) provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged, (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations, and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Funding Agents and Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. For the avoidance of doubt, each Lender shall be responsible for remitting to its Participant(s) any indemnity payments received by such Lender under Section 10.5 . 
 Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.12 and Section 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Section 2.17(G) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(G) shall be delivered to the participating Lender)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to this Section provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Section 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Section 2.12 or Section 2.17 , with respect to any participation, than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower's request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.19(B) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 10.7(A) as though it were a Lender provided that such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 10.7(B) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Advances or other obligations under the Transaction Documents (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant's interest in any commitments, loans, letters of credit or its other obligations under any Transaction Document) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such commitment, loan, or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. 
 (E) Certain Pledges . (i) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a third party unaffiliated with such 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -122- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Lender or a Federal Reserve Bank and (ii) a Conduit Lender may at any time, without any requirement to obtain the consent of the Administrative Agent or the Borrower, pledge or grant a security interest in all or any portion of its rights (including, without limitation, rights to payment of capital and yield) under this Agreement to a collateral agent or trustee for its commercial paper program in each case, provided that no such pledge or assignment shall release such Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. 
 (F) Disqualified Lenders and Defaulting Lenders . If any assignment or participation is made to a Disqualified Lender or Defaulting Lender in violation of this Section 10.8 , the Borrower may upon notice to the applicable Disqualified Lender or Defaulting Lender and the Administrative Agent, (A) purchase or prepay the Advances held by such Disqualified Lender or Defaulting Lender by paying the lesser of (x) the principal amount thereof and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Lender or Defaulting Lender paid to acquire such Advances, in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts) payable to it hereunder and or (B) require such Disqualified Lender or Defaulting Lender to assign, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in this Section 10.8 ), all of its interest, rights and obligations under this Agreement to one or more banks or other entities at the lesser of (x) the principal amount thereof and (y) the amount that such Disqualified Lender or Defaulting Lender paid to acquire such interests, rights and obligations, in each case plus accrued interest, accrued fees and all other amounts (other than principal amounts) payable to it hereunder. 
 Disqualified Lenders (A) will not, absent an Event of Default or consent from the Borrower (x) have the right to receive financial reports that are not publicly available, Facility Administrator Reports or other reports or confidential information provided to Lenders by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent (other than Tax reporting information with respect to the Advances), (y) attend or participate in meetings with the Borrower attended by the Lenders and the Administrative Agent, or (z) access any electronic site maintained by the Borrower or Administrative Agent to provide Lenders with confidential information or confidential communications from counsel to or financial advisors of the Administrative Agent and (B)(x) for purposes of any consent to any amendment, waiver or modification of, or any action under, and for the purpose of any direction to the Administrative Agent or any Lender to undertake any action (or refrain from taking any action) under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document, each Disqualified Lender will be deemed to have consented in the same proportion as the Lenders that are not Disqualified Lenders consented to such matter, and (y) for purposes of voting on any plan of reorganization or plan of liquidation, each Disqualified Lender party hereto hereby agrees (1) not to vote on such plan, (2) if such Disqualified Lender does vote on such plan notwithstanding the restriction in the foregoing clause (1), such vote will be deemed not to be in good faith and shall be designated pursuant to Section 1126(e) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other Debtor Relief Laws), and such vote shall not be counted in determining whether the applicable class has accepted or rejected such plan in accordance with Section 1126(c) of the Bankruptcy Code (or any similar provision in any other Debtor Relief Laws) and (3) not to contest any request by any party for a determination by a bankruptcy court (or other applicable court of competent jurisdiction) effectuating the foregoing clause (2). 
 Section 10.9 Governing Law 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -123- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENTS AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT (EXCEPT, AS TO ANY OTHER TRANSACTION DOCUMENT, AS EXPRESSLY SET FORTH THEREIN) AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY AND THEREBY SHALL, IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 Section 10.10 Jurisdiction 
 . Any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Agreement may be brought in the courts of the State of New York (New York County) or of the United States for the Southern District of New York, and by execution and delivery of this agreement, each of the parties hereto consents, for itself and in respect of its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of those courts. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably waives any objection, including any objection to the laying of venue or based on the grounds of forum non conveniens, or any legal process with respect to itself or any of its property, which it may now or hereafter have to the bringing of any action or proceeding in such jurisdiction in respect of this Agreement or any document related hereto. Each of the parties hereto waives personal service of any summons, complaint or other process, which may be made by any other means permitted by New York law. 
 Section 10.11 Waiver of Jury Trial 
 . All parties hereunder hereby knowingly, voluntarily and intentionally waive any rights they may have to a trial by jury in respect of any litigation based hereon, or arising out of, under, or in connection with, this Agreement, or any course of conduct, course of dealing, statements (whether oral or written) or actions of the parties in connection herewith or therewith. All parties acknowledge and agree that they have received full and significant consideration for this provision and that this provision is a material inducement for all parties to enter into this Agreement. 
 Section 10.12 Section Headings 
 . All section headings are inserted for convenience of reference only and shall not affect any construction or interpretation of this Agreement. 
 Section 10.13 Tax Characterization 
 . The parties hereto intend for the transactions effected hereunder to constitute a loan for U.S. federal income tax purposes and will report consistently with such characterization for all tax purposes. 
 Section 10.14 Execution 
 . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute one and the same agreement. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Agreement by email in portable document format 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -124- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(.pdf) shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. The words execution, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents including any Assignment Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 Section 10.15 Limitations on Liability 
 . None of the holders of limited liability company interests of or in the Borrower, or any of the Borrower s members, managers, general or limited partners, officers, employees, agents, shareholders or directors, shall be under any liability to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders, respectively, any of their successors or assigns, or any other Person for any action taken or for refraining from the taking of any action in such capacities or otherwise pursuant to this Agreement or for any obligation or covenant under this Agreement, it being understood that this Agreement and the obligations created hereunder shall be, to the fullest extent permitted under applicable law, with respect to the Borrower, solely the limited liability company obligations of the Borrower. The Borrower, any Affiliate of the Borrower and each member, manager, partner, officer, employee, agent, shareholder and director of the Borrower, any Affiliate of the Borrower or any holder of a limited liability company interest of or in the Borrower may rely in good faith on any document of any kind prima facie properly executed and submitted by any Person (other than the Borrower) respecting any matters arising hereunder. 
 Section 10.16 Confidentiality 
 . 
 (A) Except as otherwise provided herein, the Fee Letters (including such information set forth in any engagement letter, term sheet or proposal prior to the Original Closing Date that contains fees similar in nature to those in the Fee Letters) (collectively, Confidential Information are confidential. Each of the Borrower, the Facility Administrator, the Paying Agent, the Green Loan Structuring Agent and the Verification Agent agrees 
 (i) to keep all Confidential Information confidential and to disclose Confidential Information only to those Affiliates, officers, employees, agents, accountants, equity holders, legal counsel and other representatives of the Borrower or its Affiliates (collectively, Representatives who have a need to know such Confidential Information for the purpose of assisting in the negotiation, completion and administration of this Facility 
 (ii) to use the Confidential Information only in connection with the Facility and not for any other purpose and 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -125- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(iii) to maintain and keep in force procedures reasonably designed to cause its Representatives to comply with these provisions and to be responsible for any failure of any Representative to follow those procedures. The provisions of this Section 10.16(A) shall not apply to Confidential Information that (a) has been approved for release by written authorization of the appropriate party, or (b) is or hereafter becomes (through a source other than the Borrower, the Facility Administrator, the Paying Agent, the Verification Agent or their respective Affiliates or Representatives) generally available to the public and shall not prohibit the disclosure of Confidential Information to the extent required by applicable Law or by any Governmental Authority or to the extent necessary in connection with the enforcement of any Transaction Document. 
 The Borrower and the Facility Administrator agree not to provide copies of the Transaction Documents to any prospective investor in, or prospective lender to, the Borrower and the Facility Administrator without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, which shall not be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, the Borrower and the Facility Administrator may provide links to any publicly filed Transaction Documents. For the avoidance of doubt, Borrower and the Facility Administrator or any other affiliate of Parent may provide copies of the Transaction Documents to any potential investor or equity holder in Parent or its affiliates, provided that each such Person shall have been instructed to keep the same confidential in accordance with this Section 10.16 . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, and for the avoidance of doubt, the Parent, the Borrower and any affiliate of the Parent may publicly file copies of the Transaction Documents with the Securities and Exchange Commission as required by Applicable Law. 
 (B) Each Lender, each Funding Agent, the Administrative Agent and the Green Loan Structuring Agent agrees to maintain the confidentiality of all nonpublic information with respect to the parties herein or any other matters furnished or delivered to it pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Transaction Document provided, that such information may be disclosed (i) to such party s Affiliates or such party s or its Affiliates officers, directors, employees, agents, accountants, legal counsel and other representatives (collectively Lender Representatives ), in each case, who have a need to know such information for the purpose of assisting in the negotiation, completion and administration of the Facility and on a confidential basis, (ii) to any permitted assignee of or participant in, or any prospective assignee of or participant in, the Facility or any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement, in each case on a confidential basis, (iii) to any financing source, dealer, hedge counterparty, service provider or other similar party in connection with financing or risk management activities related to the Facility on a confidential basis, (iv) to any commercial paper equity provider or liquidity provider for a Conduit Lender on a confidential basis, (v) to any rating agency (including by means of a password protected internet website maintained in connection with Rule 17g-5) on a confidential basis, (vi) to the extent required or requested by applicable Law or by any Governmental Authority, and (vii) to the extent necessary in connection with the enforcement of any Transaction Document. 
 The provisions of this Section 10.16(B) shall not apply to information that (i) is or hereafter becomes (through a source other than the applicable Lender, Funding Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Green Loan Structuring Agent or any Lender Representative associated with such party) generally available to the public, (ii) was rightfully known to the applicable Lender, applicable Funding Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Green Loan Structuring Agent or any 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -126- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Lender Representative or was rightfully in their possession prior to the date of its disclosure pursuant to this Agreement, (iii) becomes available to the applicable Lender, applicable Funding Agent or the Administrative Agent or the Green Loan Structuring Agent or any Lender Representative from a third party unless to their knowledge such third party disclosed such information in breach of an obligation of confidentiality to the applicable Lender, applicable Funding Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Green Loan Structuring Agent or any Lender Representative, (iv) has been approved for release by written authorization of the parties whose information is proposed to be disclosed, or (v) has been independently developed or acquired by any Lender, any Funding Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Green Loan Structuring Agent or any Lender Representative without violating this Agreement. The provisions of this Section 10.16 shall not prohibit any Lender, any Funding Agent, the Administrative Agent or the Green Loan Structuring Agent from filing with or making available to any judicial, governmental or regulatory agency or providing to any Person with standing any information or other documents with respect to the Facility as may be required by applicable Law or requested by such judicial, governmental or regulatory agency. 
 Section 10.17 Limited Recourse 
 . All amounts payable by the Borrower on or in respect of the Obligations shall constitute limited recourse obligations of the Borrower secured by, and payable solely from and to the extent of, the Collateral provided that (A) the foregoing shall not limit in any manner the ability of the Administrative Agent or any other Lender to seek specific performance of any Obligation (other than the payment of a monetary obligation in excess of the amount payable solely from the Collateral), (B) the provisions of this Section 10.17 shall not limit the right of any Person to name the Borrower as party defendant in any action, suit or in the exercise of any other remedy under this Agreement or the other Transaction Documents and (C) when any portion of the Collateral is transferred in a transfer permitted under and in accordance with this Agreement, the security interest in and Lien on such Collateral shall automatically be released, and the Lenders under this Agreement will no longer have any security interest in, lien on, or claim against such Collateral. No recourse shall be sought or had for the obligations of the Borrower against any Affiliate, director, officer, shareholder, manager or agent of the Borrower other than as specified in the Transaction Documents. 
 Section 10.18 Customer Identification - USA Patriot Act Notice 
 . The Administrative Agent and each Lender hereby notifies the Borrower and the Facility Administrator that pursuant to the requirements of the USA Patriot Act (Title III of Pub. L. 107-56, signed into law October 26, 2001) (the Patriot Act ), and the Administrative Agent s and each Lender s policies and practices, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders are required to obtain, verify and record certain information and documentation that identifies the Borrower and the Facility Administrator, which information includes the name and address of the Borrower and such other information that will allow the Administrative Agent or such Lender to identify the Borrower in accordance with the Patriot Act. 
 Section 10.19 Paying Agent Compliance with Applicable Anti-Terrorism and Anti-Money Laundering Regulations 
 . In order to comply with laws, rules, regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions, including, but not limited to those relating to funding of terrorist activities and money laundering, the Paying Agent is required to obtain, verify and record certain information relating to individuals and entities which maintain a business relationship with 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -127- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

the Paying Agent. Accordingly, each of the parties agrees to provide to the Paying Agent upon its request from time to time such identifying information and documentation as may be available for such party in order to enable the Paying Agent to comply with such laws, rules, regulations and executive orders in effect from time to time applicable to banking institutions, including, but not limited to those relating to funding of terrorist activities and money laundering. 
 Section 10.20 Non-Petition 
 . Each party hereto hereby covenants and agrees that it will not institute against or join any other Person in instituting against the Conduit Lender any bankruptcy, reorganization, arrangement, insolvency or liquidation proceedings or other similar proceeding under the laws of the United States or of any state of the United States or of any other jurisdiction prior to the date which is one year and one day after the payment in full of all outstanding indebtedness of the Conduit Lender. The agreements set forth in this Section 10.20 and the parties respective obligations under this Section 10.20 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 Section 10.21 No Recourse 
 . 
 (A) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the parties hereto hereby acknowledge and agree that all transactions with a Conduit Lender hereunder shall be without recourse of any kind to such Conduit Lender. A Conduit Lender shall have no liability or obligation hereunder unless and until such Conduit Lender has received such amounts pursuant to this Agreement. In addition, the parties hereto hereby agree that (i) a Conduit Lender shall have no obligation to pay the parties hereto any amounts constituting fees, reimbursement for expenses or indemnities (collectively, Expense Claims and such Expense Claims shall not constitute a claim (as defined in Section 101 of Title 11 of the Bankruptcy Code or similar laws of another jurisdiction) against such Conduit Lender, unless or until such Conduit Lender has received amounts sufficient to pay such Expense Claims pursuant to this Agreement and such amounts are not required to pay the outstanding indebtedness of such Conduit Lender and (ii) no recourse shall be sought or had for the obligations of a Conduit Lender hereunder against any Affiliate, director, officer, shareholders, manager or agent of such Conduit Lender. Each party hereto waives any right of set-off it may have or to which it may be entitled under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents with respect to each Conduit Lender and its assets. 
 (B) The agreements set forth in this Section 10.21 and the parties respective obligations under this Section 10.21 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 Section 10.22 Additional Paying Agent Provisions 
 . The parties hereto acknowledge that the Paying Agent shall not be required to act as a commodity pool operator as defined in the Commodity Exchange Act, as amended, or be required to undertake regulatory filings related to this Agreement in connection therewith. 
 Section 10.23 Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs 
 . To the extent that the Transaction Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Hedge Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support, QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -128- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Transaction Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and or of the United States or any other state of the United States) 
 In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Transaction Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Transaction Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. 
 Section 10.24 Effect of Second Amendment and Restatement 
 (A) . 
 (A) Each of the parties hereto acknowledge and agree that, upon the satisfaction of the conditions in Section 3.1, on the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety by this Agreement, and the Existing Credit Agreement shall thereafter be of no further force and effect, except to evidence (i) the incurrence by the Borrower of the Existing Obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement (whether or not such obligations are contingent as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date), (ii) the representations and warranties made by the Borrower prior to the Second Amendment and Restatement Date and (iii) any action or omission performed or required to be performed pursuant to such Existing Credit Agreement prior to the Second Amendment and Restatement Date (including any failure, prior to the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, to comply with the covenants contained in such Existing Credit Agreement). The amendments and restatements set forth herein shall not cure any breach thereof or any Potential Default or Event of Default under and as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement prior to the Second Amendment and Restatement Date. It is the intention of each of the parties hereto that the Existing Credit Agreement be amended and restated hereunder so as to preserve the perfection and priority of all Liens securing the Obligations under the Transaction Documents and that all Obligations of the Borrower hereunder shall continue to be secured by Liens evidenced under the Security Agreement, and that this Agreement does not constitute a novation or termination of the Indebtedness and obligations existing under the Existing Credit Agreement. The terms and conditions of this Agreement and the 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -129- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Administrative Agent s and the Lenders rights and remedies under this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents shall apply to all of the obligations incurred under the Existing Credit Agreement. This amendment and restatement is limited as written and is not a consent to any other amendment, restatement or waiver, whether or not similar and, unless specifically amended hereby or by any other Transaction Document, each of the Transaction Documents shall continue in full force and effect and, from and after the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, all references to the Credit Agreement contained therein shall be deemed to refer to this Agreement. Additionally, in connection with the foregoing, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders consent to (i) the amendment and restatement of the Parent Guaranty, the Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty, the Facility Administration Agreement, the Verification Agent Agreement, the Sale and Contribution Agreement, the Master SAP Contribution Agreement, the SAP Contribution Agreement and the SAP NTP Financing Documents (in each case, as defined under the Existing Credit Agreement in effect immediately prior to giving effect to this Agreement) and (ii) the amendment and restatement of the limited liability company agreement of the Borrower (as in effect on the date hereof), in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, the Parent Guaranty (as amended and restated on the Second Amendment and Restatement Date) and the obligations contained therein shall remain in full effect (as amended and restated) as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date and shall survive the termination of the Transaction Documents in effect immediately prior to the effectiveness of this Agreement. 
 (B) In connection with the Second Amendment and Restatement Date and the increase of commitments of the applicable Lenders on the date hereof, each Class A Lender immediately prior to the Second Amendment and Restatement Date (each, an Second A&R Date Assignor and, collectively, the Second A&R Date Assignors hereby sells and assigns to Barclays (as Class A Lender), Salisbury Receivables Company LLC (as a Class A Lender) MUFG (as Class A Lender), Sheffield Receivables Company LLC (as a Class A Lender) and Victory Receivables Corporation (as Conduit Lender) (each a Second A&R Date Assignee ), and such Second A&R Date Assignee hereby purchases and assumes from each such Second A&R Date Assignor its respective outstanding Advances along with its respective rights and obligations as a Non-Conduit Lender or Conduit Lender hereunder, as applicable, and other Transaction Documents related thereto in the amounts, and in exchange for payment by each Second A&R Date Assignee to each Second A&R Date Assignor on the date hereof of the amounts set out in the flow of funds agreed to by the parties hereto, plus accrued interest thereon through (and including) the date hereof which such interest will be paid by the Borrower to each Second A&R Date Assignor on the immediately following Payment Date pursuant to Section 2.7 herein. 
 Section 10.25 Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions 
 . Solely to the extent any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution is a party to this Agreement and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Transaction Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Lender that is an Affected Financial Institution arising under any Transaction Document, to the extent such liability is unsecured, may be subject to the write-down and conversion powers of an applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -130- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(A) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution and 
 (B) the effects of any Bail-in Action on any such liability, including, if applicable 
 (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability 
 (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent undertaking, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document or 
 (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of the applicable Resolution Authority. 
 Section 10.26 Cashless Settlement 
 . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, any Lender may exchange, continue or rollover all or a portion of its Advances in connection with any refinancing, extension, loan modification or similar transaction permitted by the terms of this Agreement, pursuant to a cashless settlement mechanism approved by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and such Lender. 
 Section 10.27 Green Loan Provisions 
 . Subject to the Borrower s alignment with the Core Components as demonstrated by compliance with the terms and provisions set forth in this Section 10.27, this Facility shall be considered a Green Loan (the Green Loan 
 (A) Green Loan Structuring Agent . Borrower hereby appoints ING Capital LLC to act as the Green Loan Structuring Agent, and the Lenders hereby acknowledge such appointment. The Green Loan Structuring Agent, acting in such capacity, shall have the duties customarily performed by such agents, provided that the Green Loan Structuring Agent shall not have any liabilities under this Agreement or otherwise in relation to the Eligible Green Projects. 
 (B) Green Use of Proceeds . Proceeds of the Advances shall be used in accordance with Section 2.3 and may be used, in part, to finance or refinance (including reimbursement for costs previously incurred), in whole or in part, Solar Assets, including Eligible Green Projects, and to pay fees and expenses incurred in connection therewith. For the avoidance of doubt, this Section 10.27(B), shall not limit the permitted use of proceeds of the Advances set forth in Section 2.3, and the Borrower shall be able to use the proceeds of any Advance pursuant to Section 2.3. As of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, the Eligible Green Projects Ratio is x. 
 (C) Process for Project Evaluation and Selection . The Eligible Green Projects are aligned with Borrower s sustainability and business strategy centered around helping customers electrify all aspects of their lives through solar energy systems, energy storage systems and related products and 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -131- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

services. Borrower has internal processes to ensure continued alignment in all material respects with the Core Components and to identify, assess and mitigate environmental and social risks that could reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and will utilize these processes in all material respects with regards to the Eligible Green Projects. 
 (D) Management of Proceeds . Proceeds of the Green Loan will be tracked and managed by Borrower on an aggregated basis. Pending the full allocation of the Green Loan s proceeds to Eligible Green Projects, Borrower will hold and or invest the balance of proceeds not yet allocated at its own discretion as per its liquidity management policy, including hold in cash or cash equivalents, overnight or other short-term financial instruments. 
 (E) Green Loan Reporting . Borrower will monitor the Eligible Green Projects Ratio on a regular basis and ensure that, as of the date of delivery of each Borrowing Base Certificate and Facility Administrator Report, the Eligible Green Projects Ratio remains greater than or equal to 1.10x. Concurrently with the delivery of annual financial statements pursuant to Section 5.1(A)(i) until the Maturity Date and within reasonable time in the event of material developments, Borrower shall deliver to the Green Loan Structuring Agent the following reports (i) an Allocation Reporting Letter and (ii) an Impact Reporting Letter, in each case, signed by an authorized officer of the Borrower and certified as being true and correct in all material respects to the Borrower s knowledge. 
 (F) Failure to Align . Without prejudice to any obligation of the Borrower under any provisions of this Agreement, any failure of the Borrower to align with the Core Components as demonstrated by breach of with the terms and provisions set forth in this Section 10.27 shall under no circumstances (i) constitute a Potential Default, an Event of Default, a Potential Amortization Event or an Amortization Event hereunder or under any other Transaction Document, (ii) operate in any matter to limit, restrict or otherwise affect the use of proceeds of the Advances or (iii) otherwise affect Borrower s right or ability to take any actions otherwise permitted under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. The only consequence of any such failure is cessation of the Green Loan designation of the Facility, and thereafter the Green Loan Structuring Agent, Administrative Agent, the Lenders, and Borrower shall cease representing in all internal and external communications, marketing or publications that the Facility is a Green Loan. Neither the Administration Agent, the Green Loan Structuring Agent nor any Lender is bound to monitor or verify the application of any amount borrowed pursuant to this Agreement, including, without limitation, the monitoring of and or verifying compliance with the Green Loan Principles. 
 Section 10.28 Excess Funds 
 . Notwithstanding any provisions contained in this Agreement to the contrary, no Conduit Lender shall, nor shall any Conduit Lender be obligated to, pay any amount pursuant to this Agreement unless (i) such Conduit Lender has received funds which may be used to make such payment and which funds are not required to repay its Commercial Paper Notes when due and (ii) after giving effect to such payment, either (x) such Conduit Lender could issue commercial paper notes to refinance all of its outstanding Commercial Paper Notes (assuming such outstanding Commercial Paper Notes matured at such time) in accordance with the program documents governing its securitization program or (y) all of such Conduit Lender s Commercial Paper Notes are paid in full. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -132- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

The excess of the amount due hereunder over the amount paid by such Conduit Lender shall not constitute a claim (as defined in Section 101(5) of the Bankruptcy Code) against such Conduit Lender until such time as such Conduit Lender satisfies the provisions of clauses (i) and (ii) above. If such Conduit Lender does not have sufficient funds to make any payment due hereunder, then such Conduit Lender may pay a lesser amount and make additional payments that in the aggregate equal the amount of deficiency as soon as possible thereafter. 
 
 Signature Pages Follow 
 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 -133- 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

In Witness Whereof, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be executed by their respective officers thereunto duly authorized, as of the date first above written. 
 Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, as Borrower 

By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Sunnova TE Management, LLC, as Facility Administrator 

By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Atlas Securitized Products Holdings Administration , L.P., as Administrative Agent 
 
 By Atlas Securitized Products Advisors Administration BKR GP, LLC , its general partner 
 
 By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 Atlas Securitized Products Administration, L.P., as a Funding Agent 
 
 By Atlas Securitized Products Administration BKR GP, LLC 
 
 By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

AGF WHCO 1-A1 LP, as a Class A Lender 
 By AASP Management, LP, its investment manager 
 By AASP Management GP, LLC, its general partner 
 By Apollo Capital Management, L.P., its sole member 
 By Apollo Capital Management GP, LLC, its general partner 
 
 By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

First Citizens Bank & Trust Company, as a Funding Agent and as a Class A Lender 
 
 By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

East West Bank, as a Funding Agent and as a Class A Lender 

By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

ING Capital LLC, as a Funding Agent and as a Class A Lender 

By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Barclays Bank PLC, as a Funding Agent and as a Class A Lender 
 
 By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Salisbury Receivables Company LLC, as a Class A Lender 
 
 By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Sheffield Receivables Company LLC, as a Class A Lender 
 
 By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

MUFG Bank, Ltd., as a Funding Agent and as Class A Lender 
 
 By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Victory Receivables Corporation, as Class A Lender 
 
 By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

LIBREMAX E VALUE MASTER FUND, LTD., as a Funding Agent and as a Class B Lender 
 By LibreMax Capital, LLC, its investment manager 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 BOSTON PATRIOT SAINT JAMES SPE LLC, as a Funding Agent and as a Class B Lender 
 By LibreMax Capital, LLC, its investment manager 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 LIBREMAX STRUCTURED OPPORTUNITIES MASTER FUND II, LP, as a Funding Agent and as a Class B Lender 
 By LibreMax Capital, LLC, its investment manager 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

LIBREMAX STRUCTURED INCOME (ECI) MASTER FUND III, LP, as a Funding Agent and as a Class B Lender 
 By LibreMax Capital, LLC, its investment manager 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 LIBREMAX VALUE MASTER FUND, LTD., as a Funding Agent and as a Class B Lender 
 By LibreMax Capital, LLC, its investment manager 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 LIBREMAX OPPORTUNISTIC VALUE MASTER FUND, LP, as a Funding Agent and as a Class B Lender 
 By LibreMax Capital, LLC, its investment manager 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

VARIANT IMPACT FUND, as a Funding Agent and as a Class B Lender 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

ACM AIF EVERGREEN P3 DAC SUBCO LP, as a Class B Lender 
 By Name 
 Title 
 118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Name 
 Title 

ATALAYA ASSET INCOME FUND PARALLEL 345 LP, as a Class B Lender 
 By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

MIDTOWN MADISON MANAGEMENT LLC, as a Funding Agent 
 By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

COMPUTERSHARE TRUST COMPANY, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as Paying Agent 

By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

U.S. BANK NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, as Verification Agent 

By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Acknowledged and Agreed, solely for the purposes of Section 9.6( b B 
 WELLS FARGO BANK, NATIONAL ASSOCIATION, not in its individual capacity but solely as the previous Paying Agent 
 By Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as agent 

By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 118556040.20 Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement 
 (Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC) 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit A Defined Terms 
 1940 Act shall mean the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended. 
 A-1 Verification Agent Certification shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(a) of the Verification Agent Agreement. 
 A-2 Verification Agent Certification shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4(b) of the Verification Agent Agreement. 
 Acceptable Back-Up O&M and Services Provider shall mean any Person listed on Exhibit N hereto (or its applicable Affiliate), as such Exhibit N may be updated from time to time by the Borrower with the consent of the Administrative Agent. 
 Accession Agreement shall mean (i) a Security Agreement Supplement in the form of Exhibit B to the Security Agreement, (ii) a Pledge Agreement Joinder in the form of Exhibit A to the Pledge Agreement, (iii) a Joinder Agreement in the form of Exhibit C to the Verification Agent Agreement, (iv) Guaranty Supplement in the form of Exhibit A to the Subsidiary Guaranty and (v) a Subsidiary Supplement in the form of Exhibit A to the Parent Guaranty. 
 Additional Interest Distribution Amount shall mean, individually or collectively as the context may require, the Class A Additional Interest Distribution Amount and the Class B Additional Interest Distribution Amount. For the avoidance of doubt, the Additional Interest Distribution Amount shall not constitute Confidential Information. 
 Additional Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(B)(i) . 
 Additional Solar Assets shall mean each Eligible Solar Asset that is acquired by a Financing Fund or SAP after the Original Closing Date and during the Availability Period. 
 Adjusted Benchmark shall mean the sum of (a) Benchmark and (b) the Benchmark Adjustment provided that, if the Adjusted Benchmark would be less than the applicable Floor, the Adjusted Benchmark will be deemed to be the applicable Floor. 
 Administrative Agent shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
 Administrative Agent Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.3(E) . 
 Administrative Agent Removal Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.9(B). 
 Administrative Agent Resignation Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.9(A). 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Administrative Agent s Account shall mean the Administrative Agent s bank account designated by the Administrative Agent from time to time by written notice to the Borrower and the Funding Agents. 
 Administrative Questionnaire shall mean an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by or otherwise acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 Advance shall mean, individually or collectively, as the context may require, a Class A Advance and or a Class B Advance. 
 Advance Model shall mean the model (delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders from time to time) in respect of all Financing Funds and SAP, forecasting the Net Cash Flows to each Managing Member related to each Financing Fund (including before and after the expected flip date and with respect to the SAP Solar Assets, and all items necessary to calculate the Borrowing Base (including Scheduled Hedged SREC Payments, Scheduled Host Customer Payments, Scheduled Managing Member Distributions, Scheduled PBI Payments, Scheduled Tax Equity Investor Distributions and Tax Equity Investor Distribution Reduction Amounts), in each case (i) calculated in accordance with and adjusted for the assumptions agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent and (ii) in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, the Lenders and the Borrower. For the avoidance of doubt, each Advance Model will be updated as of the date such Advance Model is delivered (A) to remove any Solar Assets that are not Eligible Solar Assets and (B) to reflect changes to the expected Tax Equity Investor Distributions, as reflected in the most recent tracking or latest final true-up models delivered to (and, in the case of true-up models, agreed to in writing by) the Tax Equity Investors under the Financing Fund LLCAs. In addition, if any Financing Fund is a party to an ITC Purchase Agreement, the Advance Model shall assume that (i) (x) with respect to any ITCs that were sold, such ITCs were sold at the actual price therefor under the related ITC Purchase Agreement and (y) any as-of-yet unsold ITCs are sold to the related purchaser at the lowest possible price and on the latest possible date, in each case, as set forth in and for each such ITC Purchase Agreement, but taking into account any backstop commitments to purchase such ITCs from the related Tax Equity Investor or other Person and (ii) to the extent Scheduled Managing Member Distributions can be reduced as a result of provisions provided in a Tax Equity Financing Document (including any Tax Purchase Agreement) and the event that would cause such reduction has occurred, the related Scheduled Managing Member Distributions will reflect those reductions irrespective of whether or not the reductions pursuant to such provisions shall have occurred thereunder and without giving effect to any cure periods or required notices related thereto provided , however , for purposes of an update to the Advance Model, (i) the Advance Model shall take into account the commitments of all tax credit purchasers under all ITC Purchase Agreements to which the related Financing Fund is a party, (ii) the Advance Model shall take into account actual performance of the parties under the Tax Purchase Agreement to the date of such update and (iii) the Advance Model may be further re-updated if thereafter the applicable Financing Fund enters into any replacement ITC Purchase Agreements. 
 Advance Rate Reduction Amount shall mean, solely for the period commencing on the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date until the date the Parent Refinancing occurs, for each fiscal 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

quarter that the Parent does not have Working Capital in an amount at least equal to the Working Capital Requirement Amount and to the extent the WIP Reserve Two Month Grace Period (if applicable) has expired, . For the avoidance of doubt, (i) on and after the date the Parent Refinancing is consummated, the Advance Rate Reduction Amount shall equal , (ii) in the event the Parent fails to have sufficient Working Capital to satisfy the Working Capital Requirement Amount for consecutive fiscal quarters, the Advance Rate Reduction Amount shall be a percentage equal to the product of (x) and (y) the amount of times the Parent has failed to satisfy the Working Capital Requirement Amount and (iii) in the event the Parent has sufficient Working Capital to satisfy the Working Capital Requirement Amount for any fiscal quarter, the Advance Rate Reduction Amount shall equal , notwithstanding any failure by the Parent to have sufficient Working Capital to satisfy the Working Capital Requirement Amount for any prior fiscal quarter. 
 Affected Financial Institution shall mean (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. 
 Affected Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.12(B) . 
 Affiliate shall mean, with respect to any Person, any other Person that (i) directly or indirectly controls, is controlled by, or is under direct or indirect common control with such Person, or (ii) is an officer or director of such Person, and in the case of any Lender that is an investment fund, the investment advisor thereof and any investment fund having the same investment advisor. A Person shall be deemed to be controlled by another Person if such other Person possesses, directly or indirectly, power to (a) vote 50 or more of the securities (on a fully diluted basis) having ordinary voting power for the election of directors or managing partners of such other Person, or (b) direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of such other Person whether by contract or otherwise. 
 Affiliated Entity shall mean any of the Parent, the Facility Administrator (if the Facility Administrator is an Affiliate of the Borrower), a Seller, an Assignor, and any of their respective direct or indirect Subsidiaries and or Affiliates, whether now existing or hereafter created, organized or acquired. 
 Aggregate Commitment shall mean, on any date of determination, the sum of the Commitments then in effect, including as a consequence of an increase thereof pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.18(B) . The Aggregate Commitment as of the Second Amendment and Restatement No. 3 Effective Date shall be equal to is 1,309,000,000 1,362,000,000 . 
 Aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance shall mean, on any date of determination, the sum of the Discounted Solar Asset Balances for the Managing Member Interests, the SAP Solar Assets and any Hedged SREC Solar Assets. Any Managing Member Interests, SAP Solar Assets or Hedged SREC Solar Assets that would otherwise be duplicated in computing this sum shall only be counted once. For the avoidance of doubt, the Aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance shall not include any amounts attributable to Service Incentives, Grid Services Revenue, ITC Transfer Proceeds, Excess SREC Proceeds or SREC Direct Sale Proceeds or, prior to the 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

completion of satisfactory due diligence and approval by the Administrative Agent (such approval to be made in its sole discretion), New Jersey TRECs or MA SMART Revenue. 
 Aggregate Outstanding Advances shall mean, as of any date of determination, the sum of (i) the aggregate principal balance of all Class A Advances outstanding plus (ii) the aggregate principal balance of all Class B Advances outstanding. 
 Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
 Allocation Reporting Letter shall mean a letter, as required under Section 10.27(E), provided by the Borrower for the purpose of reporting on the actual use of proceeds in accordance with the Reporting component of the Green Loan Principles, substantially in the form of Exhibit L. 
 A.M. Best shall mean A. M. Best Company, Inc. and any successor rating agency. 
 Amendment No. 3 Effective Date shall mean October 28, 2024. 
 Amortization Event shall mean the occurrence of any of the following events 
 (i) a Facility Administrator Termination Event 
 (ii) the Solar Asset Payment Level is less than 
 (iii) the Managing Member Distributions Payment Level is less than 
 (iv) the Default Level is greater than 
 (v) the Default Level is greater than for two consecutive Collection Periods 
 (vi) an Event of Default (whether or not cured by a Tax Equity Investor) 
 (vii) a Tax Loss Insurance Policy ceases to be of full force and effect or ceases to meet the requirements of the related Tax Equity Facility 
 (viii) if Sunnova Management is the Facility Administrator and the sum of (a) the net cash provided by operating activities of Sunnova Management, as reported in any set of quarterly financial statements delivered pursuant to Section 5(q)(ii) of the Parent Guaranty plus (b) unrestricted cash on hand held by Sunnova Management as of the date of such financial statements, shall be negative (for purposes of this clause (viii), the term net cash and operating activities shall have the meanings attributable to such terms under GAAP) provided, that if (x) on or prior to the date that is fifteen (15) Business Days after the date on which it is determined that such amount is negative, the Parent s equity holders, any of their Affiliates and any other Person makes 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

an equity investment to Sunnova Management in cash in an amount not less than such shortfall, and such cash, if so designated by Sunnova Management, be included as unrestricted cash, and (y) any such action described in subclause (x) is communicated to the Administrative Agent in writing, then no Amortization Event shall be deemed to have occurred or be continuing 
 (ix) Parent breaches any of the Financial Covenants and such breach has not been cured in accordance with Section 5(r) of the Parent Guaranty 
 (x) the amounts on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account are at any time less than the Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance and such deficit is not cured by the earlier of the next Payment Date or the next Funding Date 
 (xi) the amounts on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account are at any time less than the Supplemental Reserve Account Required Balance and such deficit is not cured by the earlier of the next Payment Date or the next Funding Date or 
 (xii) the occurrence of a an event of default or any event that would permit the acceleration of any obligation under a Sunnova Credit Facility 
 
 provided , that, without limiting the obligation of the Borrower and the Facility Administrator (if it is an Affiliate of the Borrower) to deliver a Required Amortization Event Notice and notwithstanding anything herein or in any other Transaction Document to the contrary, an Amortization Event shall not occur (other than under clause (vi) of this definition) with respect to any Payment Date if a Required Amortization Event Notice is provided at least ten (10) Business Days prior to such Payment Date and neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender provides written notice to the Borrower that, as a result of the occurrence of any event giving rise to an Amortization Event (other than under clause (vi) of this definition) or its receipt of a Required Amortization Event Notice, an Amortization Event has occurred and such notice from the Administrative Agent or such Lender may, at the option of the Administrative Agent or such Lender, be effective as of a date not earlier than the date of the occurrence of such event giving rise to such Amortization Event or described in such Required Amortization Event Notice provided , further , that clause (v) shall not apply during the 30-day period following a Takeout Transaction if the threshold set forth in clause (v) would not have been breached but for the occurrence of such Takeout Transaction. 
 Amortization Period shall mean the period commencing at the end of the Availability Period. 
 Ancillary PV System Components shall mean main panel upgrades, generators, critter guards, snow guards, electric vehicle chargers, roofing and landscaping materials, automatic transfer switches and load controllers. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Ancillary Solar Service Agreements shall mean in respect of each Eligible Solar Asset, all agreements and documents ancillary to the Solar Service Agreement associated with such Eligible Solar Asset, which are entered into with a Host Customer in connection therewith, including any Customer Warranty Agreement. 
 Apollo Entity shall mean Apollo Global Management, Inc. and its affiliates (other than the Atlas Entities), and any entity that an Apollo Entity administers, advises, sub-advises, services or manages (other than the Atlas Entities). 
 Applicable Law shall mean all applicable laws of any Governmental Authority, including, without limitation, laws relating to consumer leasing and protection and any ordinances, judgments, decrees, injunctions, writs and orders or like actions of any Governmental Authority and rules and regulations of any federal, regional, state, county, municipal or other Governmental Authority. 
 Approved Bonus Credit shall mean any Tax Credit adder that is (i) for an energy community as provided for in Section 48(a)(14)(A) or Section 48E(a)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code (ii) a DC Tax Credit Adder (iii) for low-income community as provided for in Section 48(e) or Section 48E(h) of the Internal Revenue Code and (iv) for such other Tax Credit adder upon (and subject to) the approval of the Administrative Agent (such approval to be made in its sole discretion upon completion of its satisfactory due diligence). 
 Approved Fund shall mean any Person (other than a natural person) that is administered, advised, serviced or managed (including, for the avoidance of doubt, owners of portfolios managed) by (a) a Lender, (b) a Lender Affiliate or (c) an entity or a Lender Affiliate of an entity that administers, advises, sub-advises, services or manages a Lender or a Lender Affiliate. Without limiting the foregoing, it is understood that any entity administered, advised, sub-advised, serviced or managed by Atlas or any of its affiliates or by Apollo Global Management, Inc. or any of its affiliates shall be an Approved Fund with respect to Atlas or any of its Lender Affiliates or any Lender within the Atlas Lender Group or any of their Lender Affiliates provided, however, Apollo Global Management, Inc. and its affiliates (other than Atlas, its subsidiaries and any entity or account administered, advised, sub-advised, serviced or managed by Atlas or its subsidiaries (the Atlas Entities )) (the Apollo Entities ), and any entity that an Apollo Entity administers, advises, sub-advises, services or manages (other than the Atlas Entities) shall be excluded from the definition of Approved Fund . . 
 Approved Installer shall mean an installer that has entered into an agreement with Parent (or an Affiliate thereof) to design, procure and install PV Systems on the properties of Host Customers and that has an active account with Parent at the time of installation of an applicable PV System. 
 Approved Tax Equity Partner shall mean, collectively, those Persons and its Affiliates (including any guarantor that may provide a guaranty on behalf of such Person) listed on Schedule XIII hereto, as the same may be updated by the Borrower from time to time with the approval of the Administrative Agent, the Majority Lenders and the Majority Class B Lenders. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-6 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Approved U.S. Territory shall mean Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam and the Northern Mariana Islands and any other territory of the United States which the Administrative Agent has, in its sole discretion, approved as an Approved U.S. Territory, by providing a written notice to the Borrower regarding the same. 
 Approved Vendor shall mean a manufacturer of Solar Photovoltaic Panels, Inverters or Energy Storage Systems for PV Systems that was approved by the Parent and listed on the Parent s list of approved vendors as of the time of installation of an applicable PV System. 
 Assignment Agreement shall mean an assignment in substantially in the form of Exhibit F hereto executed by the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the related assignee. 
 Assignor shall mean each of Parent, Intermediate Holdco, Sunnova Inventory Holdings, Sunnova Inventory Pledgor, TEP Inventory, and, if applicable, SAP Seller, as assignors of Solar Assets and or Solar Asset Owner Member Interests pursuant to a Contribution Agreement. 
 Atlas shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
 Atlas Entities shall have the meaning set forth in the definition of Approved Fund mean Atlas or its subsidiaries and any entity or account administered, advised, sub-advised, serviced or managed by Atlas or its subsidiaries . 
 Atlas Funding Agent shall mean Atlas Securitized Products Administration, LP, in its capacity as Funding Agent for the Atlas Lender Group. 
 Atlas Lender Group shall mean a group consisting of the Atlas Non-Conduit Lenders and the Atlas Funding Agent. 
 Atlas Non-Conduit Lender shall mean AGF WHCO 1-A1 LP. 
 Attributable Dealer Amount shall mean, with respect to any Substantial Stage Solar Asset, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the amount paid (or to the extent work has already been performed, payable) to the related Dealer (or by the Parent or any of its Affiliates to the extent any such Person has procured equipment on behalf of any applicable third party) by or on behalf of Parent or its applicable Affiliate as consideration for such Substantial Stage Solar Asset and (ii) the amount of general and administrative expense and overhead of Parent or such applicable Affiliate attributable to such Substantial Stage Solar Asset (provided that such amount shall not exceed ). 
 Availability Period shall mean the period from the Original Closing Date until the earlier to occur of (i) the Commitment Termination Date, and (ii) an Amortization Event. 
 Available Tenor shall mean, as of any date of determination and with respect to the then-current Benchmark, as applicable, any tenor for such Benchmark or payment period for interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark, as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Accrual Period pursuant to this Agreement as of such date 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-7 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then removed from the definition of Interest Accrual Period pursuant to Section 2.15(F) . As of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, the Available Tenor is three (3) months. 
 Bail-In Action shall mean the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. 
 Bail-In Legislation shall mean (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014 59 EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). 
 Bankruptcy Code shall mean the U.S. Bankruptcy Code, 11 U.S.C. 101, et seq., as amended. 
 Barclays shall mean Barclays Bank PLC. 
 Base Rate shall mean, with respect to any Lender for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greater of (i) the prime rate of interest announced publicly by a Funding Agent with respect to its Lender Group (or the Affiliate of such Lender or Funding Agent, as applicable, that announces such rate) as in effect at its principal office from time to time, changing when and as said prime rate changes (such rate not necessarily being the lowest or best rate charged by such Person) or, if such Lender, Funding Agent or Affiliate thereof does not publicly announce the prime rate of interest, as quoted in The Wall Street Journal on such day and (ii) the sum of (a) 0.50 and (b) the Federal Funds Rate. Any change in the Base Rate due to a change in the rate described in clause (i) or clause (ii) shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Base Rate as determined herein would be with respect to determining the interest rate applicable to any Advances, less than the applicable Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be the applicable Floor. 
 Base Case Model shall mean a computer model agreed to by a Managing Member and the related Tax Equity Investor showing the expected economic results from ownership of the PV Systems owned by the related Financing Fund and the assumptions to be used in calculating when such Tax Equity Investor has reached its target internal rate of return, which is attached as an exhibit to the related Financing Fund LLCA. 
 Basel III shall mean Basel III A global regulatory framework for more resilient banks and banking systems prepared by the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision, and all national implementations thereof. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-8 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Benchmark shall mean Term SOFR provided that, if a Benchmark Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (B) of Section 2.15 . 
 Benchmark Adjustment shall mean, with respect to any Benchmark 
 (i) for purposes of determining the Adjusted Benchmark for Term SOFR, 0.00 
 (ii) for purposes of a Benchmark replaced under clause (i) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent 
 (a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Accrual Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor or 
 (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Accrual Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor 
 (iii) for purposes of a Benchmark replaced under clause (ii) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Borrower) for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for U.S dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities substantially similar hereto provided that, in the case of clause (ii) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-9 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Benchmark Replacement shall mean, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date 
 (i) Daily Simple SOFR 
 (ii) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent (in consultation with the Borrower) as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for U.S dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities substantially similar hereto at such time 
 provided that 
 13. (1) if the Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR and (x) Daily Simple SOFR ceases to be available, (y) the Administrative Agent determines in its sole discretion that the use of Daily Simple SOFR has become operationally, administratively or technically unfeasible, or (z) the Administrative Agent determines in its sole discretion that Daily Simple SOFR has ceased to reflect market conditions, the Benchmark Replacement shall be clause (ii) above and 
 14. (2) the Administrative Agent shall have the right to make any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Change that the Administrative Agent deems appropriate in its reasonable discretion (in consultation with the Borrower). 
 Benchmark Replacement Conforming Change shall mean, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement, any technical, administrative or operational change (including any change to the definition of Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of Interest Accrual Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides, in its reasonable discretion (in consultation with the Borrower), may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides, in its reasonable discretion (in consultation with the Borrower), is reasonably 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-10 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement or any other Transaction Document). 
 Benchmark Replacement Date shall mean the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (i) in the case of clause (i) or clause (ii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) and 
 (ii) in the case of clause (iii) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, (a) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (b) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (i) or clause (ii) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Transition Event shall mean the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to the then-current Benchmark 
 (i) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) 
 (ii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-11 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) and 
 (iii) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer representative. 
 For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred for purposes of clauses (i), (ii) and (iii) above with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). 
 Benchmark Unavailability Period shall mean the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (i) or (ii) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Transaction Document in accordance with Section 2.15 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and in accordance with Section 2.15 . 
 Beneficial Ownership Certification shall mean a certification regarding beneficial ownership required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, which certification shall be substantially similar in form and substance to the form of Certification Regarding Beneficial Owners of Legal Entity Customers published jointly, in May 2018, by the Loan Syndications and Trading Association and Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association. 
 Beneficial Ownership Regulation shall mean 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. 
 Benefit Plan shall mean any of (a) an employee benefit plan (as defined in Section 3(3) of ERISA) that is subject to Title I of ERISA, (b) a plan as defined in Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code to which Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code applies, and (c) any Person whose assets include (for purposes of the 29 CFR 2510.3-101 or otherwise for purposes of Title I of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code) the assets of any such employee benefit plan or plan . 
 BHC Act Affiliate shall have the meaning assigned to the term affiliate in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k). 
 Bidder shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(B) . 
 Borrower shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
 Borrower s Account shall mean (i) the bank account of the Borrower, described on Schedule II attached hereto, for the benefit of the Borrower or (ii) such other account as may be designated by the Borrower from time to time by at least ten (10) Business Days prior written 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-12 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

notice to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, so long as such other account is acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole and absolute discretion. 
 Borrowing B ase shall mean, as of any date of determination, the product of (x)(a) the Aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance minus (b) the Excess Concentration Amount times (y)(a) (i) the portion of clause (x) that not is Puerto Rico Solar Assets or Substantial Stage Solar Assets, the applicable amount percentage set forth in Column A of Schedule XII hereto, b ii the portion of clause (x) that is Puerto Rico Solar Assets that are not Substantial Stage Solar Assets, the applicable amount percentage set forth in Column B of Schedule XII hereto, and c iii the portion of clause (x) that is Substantial Stage Solar Assets, the applicable amount percentage set forth in Column C of Schedule XII hereto . minus (b) the then applicable Advance Rate Reduction Amount provided , however , that the portion of the Borrowing Base attributable to Substantial Stage Solar Assets shall not exceed (1) the aggregate Attributable Dealer Amount with respect to Substantial Stage Solar Assets minus (2) the aggregate amounts contributed (or required to be contributed) by the Tax Equity Investors with respect to Substantial Stage Solar Assets. 
 Borrowing Base Certificate shall mean the certificate in the form of Exhibit B-1 attached hereto. 
 Borrowing Base Deficiency shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.9 . 
 Breakage Costs shall mean, with respect to a failure by the Borrower, for any reason resulting from Borrower s failure (but excluding any failures to borrow resulting from a Lender default under this Agreement), to borrow any proposed Advance on the date specified in the applicable Notice of Borrowing (including without limitation, as a result of the Borrower s failure to satisfy any conditions precedent to such borrowing) after providing such Notice of Borrowing, the resulting loss, cost or expense incurred by reason of the liquidation or reemployment of deposits, actually sustained by, without duplication, the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any Funding Agent provided, however, that the Administrative Agent, such Lender or such Funding Agent shall use commercially reasonable efforts to minimize such loss or expense and shall have delivered to the Borrower a certificate as to the amount of such loss or expense, which certificate shall be conclusive in the absence of manifest error. For the avoidance of doubt, if a Lender does not make an Advance and the Borrower has met all conditions precedent required under Section 3.2 or Lender has breached this Agreement, then any Breakage Costs shall be borne by Lender. 
 Broken Funding Costs shall mean, for any Advance funded by a Lender through the issuance of Commercial Paper which (i) has its principal reduced at any time other than on a Payment Date or (ii) is assigned under the Liquidity Agreement, an amount equal to the excess, if any, of (a) the costs set forth under the definition of Commercial Paper Rate or interest (as applicable) that would have accrued during the remainder of the interest periods or the tranche periods for Commercial Paper determined by the Funding Agent to relate to such Advance (as applicable) subsequent to the date of such reduction, assignment or termination of the principal of such Advance if such reduction, assignment or termination had not occurred or such reduction notice had not been delivered, over (b) the sum of (x) to the extent all or a portion of such 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-13 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

principal is allocated to another Advance, the amount of the costs set forth under the definition of Commercial Paper Rate or interest actually accrued during the remainder of such period on such principal for the new Advance, and (y) to the extent such principal is not allocated to another Advance, the income, if any, actually received during the remainder of such period by the holder of such Advance from investing the portion of such principal not so allocated. A statement as to the amount of any Broken Funding Costs (including the computation of such amount) shall be submitted by the affected Conduit Lender or the Non-Conduit Lender to the Borrower and shall be prima facie evidence of the matters to which it relates for the purpose of any litigation or arbitration proceedings, absent manifest error or fraud. Such statement shall be submitted five (5) Business Days prior to such amount being due. All Broken Funding Costs shall be due and payable on the immediately following Payment Date. 
 Business Day shall mean any day other than Saturday, Sunday and any other day on which commercial banks in New York, New York, Minnesota or California are authorized or required by law to close. 
 Buyout Class B Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3 hereof. 
 Calculation Date shall mean with respect to a Payment Date, the close of business on the last day of the related Collection Period. 
 Call Date shall mean, with respect to a Purchase Option, the earliest date on which such Purchase Option may be exercised. 
 Capital Stock shall mean, with respect to any Person, any and all shares, interests, participations or other equivalents, including membership interests (however designated, whether voting or non-voting) of equity of such Person, including, if such Person is a partnership, partnership interests (whether general or limited) or any other interest or participation that confers on a Person the right to receive a share of the profits and losses of, or distributions of assets of, such partnership, but in no event will Capital Stock include any debt securities convertible or exchangeable into equity unless and until actually converted or exchanged. 
 Carrying Cost shall mean, as of any date of determination, the sum (without duplication) of (i) the weighted average Swap Rate as of such date of determination, (ii) the weighted average Class A Usage Fee Margin and Class B Usage Fee Margin as of such date of determination, (iii) the Step-Up Rate, (iv) the Benchmark Adjustment and (v) 0.10 . 
 Change in Law shall mean (i) the adoption or taking effect of any Law after the date of this Agreement, (ii) any change in Law or in the administration, interpretation, application or implementation thereof by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement, (iii) the making or issuance of any request, rule, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) by any Governmental Authority after the date of this Agreement or (iv) compliance by any Affected Party, by any lending office of such Affected Party or by such Affected Party s holding company, if any, with any request, guideline or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement provided, that notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (a) the Dodd-Frank Act, (b) Basel III and (c) all 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-14 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

requests, rules, guidelines and directives under either of the Dodd-Frank Act or Basel III or issued in connection therewith shall be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date implemented, enacted, adopted or issued. 
 Change of Control shall mean, the occurrence of one or more of the following events 
 (i) any sale, lease, exchange or other transfer (in one transaction or a series of related transactions) of all or substantially all of the assets of SEI or Parent to any Person or group of related Persons for purposes of Section 13(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (a Group ), other than, in each case, any such sale, lease, exchange or transfer to a Person or Group that is, prior to such, lease, exchange or transfer, an Affiliate of SEI and is controlled (as that term is used in the definition of Affiliate) by SEI and such Affiliate assumes in a writing approved by the Administrative Agent all obligations, if any, of the transferor under any Transaction Documents 
 (ii) the approval by the holders of Capital Stock of SEI, Parent, Intermediate Holdco, Sunnova Inventory Pledgor, TEP Inventory, a Seller, TEP Resources, the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower of any plan or proposal for the liquidation or dissolution of such Person 
 (iii) any Person or Group shall become the owner, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, of shares representing more than 50 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Capital Stock of SEI, other than any Person that is a Permitted Investor or Group that is controlled by a Permitted Investor provided that any transfers or issuances of equity of SEI on or after the Original Closing Date to, among or between a Permitted Investor or any Affiliate thereof, shall not constitute a Change of Control for purposes of this clause (iii) 
 (iv) SEI shall cease to directly own all of the Capital Stock in Parent 
 (v) Parent shall cease to directly own all of the Capital Stock in Intermediate Holdco 
 (vi) Intermediate Holdco shall cease to directly own all of the Capital Stock in Sunnova Inventory Holdings 
 (vii) Sunnova Inventory Holdings shall cease to directly own all of the Capital Stock in Sunnova Inventory Pledgor 
 (viii) Sunnova Inventory Pledgor shall cease to directly own all of the Capital Stock in TEP Inventory 
 (ix) TEP Inventory shall cease to directly own all of the Capital Stock in SAP Seller 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-15 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(x) SAP Seller shall cease to directly own all of the Capital Stock in TEP Resources or Financing Fund Seller 
 (xi) TEP Resources shall cease to directly own all of the Capital Stock in the Borrower or 
 (xii) the Borrower shall cease to own all of the Capital Stock in a Managing Member or SAP other than in connection with a Takeout Transaction pursuant to which 100 of the outstanding Capital Stock of such Managing Member or SAP is sold . , distributed, contributed or otherwise disposed or 
 (xiii) SEI or Parent restructures or refinances any indebtedness (or incurs additional indebtedness) in a manner that has reduced, or will reduce, the Borrower s ability to make principal payments under this Agreement by reducing cash flows to the Borrower. 
 Class A Additional Interest Distribution Amount shall mean, with respect to the Class A Advances on any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the product of (a) the daily average outstanding principal balance of all Class A Advances during the related period (including any related Interest Accrual Period), (b) the actual number of days in such period (including any related Interest Accrual Period), divided by 360, 365 or 366, as applicable, and (c) the Step-Up Rate and (ii) any unpaid Class A Additional Interest Distribution Amounts from prior Payment Dates plus , to the extent permitted by law, interest thereon at the Step-Up Rate for the related Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, the Class A Additional Interest Distribution Amount shall not constitute Confidential Information. 
 Class A Advance shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 . 
 Class A Aggregate Commitment shall mean, on any date of determination, the sum of the Class A Commitments then in effect. The Class A Aggregate Commitment as of the Second Amendment and Restatement No. 3 Effective Date shall be equal to is . For the avoidance of doubt (i) any Class A Advance approved or funded pursuant to Section 2.18(A) herein shall be deemed to increase the Commitment of the Non-Conduit Lender approving such Class A Advance, (ii) prior to any Class A Advance approved or funded pursuant to Section 2.18(A) herein, all such amounts are uncommitted and (iii) as of the date hereof (after giving effect to the amendments effected pursuant hereto) no Lender has approved or funded a Class A Advance pursuant to Section 2.18(A) herein. 
 Class A Borrowing Base shall mean, as of any date of determination, the product of (i) the Borrowing Base as of such date and (ii) the applicable amount set forth in Column D of Schedule XII hereto. 
 Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.9 . 
 Class A Commitment shall mean the obligation of a Non-Conduit Lender to fund a Class A Advance in accordance with the terms hereof, as set forth on Exhibit E attached hereto. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-16 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Class A Fundamental Amendment shall mean any amendment, modification, waiver or supplement of or to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document that would (a) reduce the amount, timing or priority of any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Class A Lenders, or modify or alter any provision relating to pro rata treatment of the Class A Advances, in each case, including amending or modifying any of the definitions related to such terms (b) amend or modify the definition of the terms Class A Borrowing Base , Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency , Class A Fundamental Amendment , Class A Maximum Facility Amount, Class A Unused Portion of the Commitments or, in each case, any defined terms within such definitions or (c) change the provisions of this Agreement relating to the application of collections on, or the proceeds of the sale of, all or any portion of the Collateral to reduce payment of the Class A Advances. 
 Class A Funding Agent shall mean a Person appointed as a Class A Funding Agent for a Class A Lender Group pursuant to Section 7.12 . 
 Class A Indemnified Liabilities shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3 hereof. 
 Class A Interest Distribution Amount shall mean, with respect to the Class A Advances on any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the product of (a) the daily average outstanding principal balance of all Class A Advances during the related period (including any related Interest Accrual Period), (b) the actual number of days in such period (including any related Interest Accrual Period), divided by 360, 365 or 366, as applicable, and (c) the Class A Usage Fee Rate and (ii) any unpaid Class A Interest Distribution Amounts from prior Payment Dates plus , to the extent permitted by law, interest thereon at the Class A Usage Fee Rate for the related Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, the Class A Interest Distribution Amount shall not constitute Confidential Information. 
 Class A Lender shall mean a Lender that has funded a Class A Advance. 
 Class A Lender Group shall mean with respect to any Class A Advances, any group consisting of related Conduit Lenders, Non-Conduit Lenders and Funding Agents. 
 Class A Lender Group Percentage shall mean, for any Class A Lender Group, the percentage equivalent of a fraction (expressed out to five decimal places), the numerator of which is, with respect to each Class A Lender Group, the Class A Commitment of all Non-Conduit Lenders in such Class A Lender Group, and the denominator of which is the Class A Aggregate Commitment. 
 Class A Loan Note shall mean each Class A Loan Note of the Borrower in the form of Exhibit D-1 attached hereto, payable to a Class A Funding Agent for the benefit of the Class A Lenders in such Class A Funding Agent s Class A Lender Group, in the aggregate face amount of up to such Class A Lender Group s portion of the Class A Maximum Facility Amount, evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of the Borrower to the Class A Lenders in such Funding Agent s Class A Lender Group, as the same may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-17 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Class A Maximum Facility Amount shall mean . 
 Class A Subordinated Interest Distribution Amount shall mean, with respect to the Class A Advances (or portion thereof) actually funded by a Conduit Lender in a Lender Group with Barclays or MUFG through the issuance of Commercial Paper or by Barclays, on any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the product of (a) the daily average outstanding principal balance of all such Class A Advances during the related period (including any related Interest Accrual Period), (b) the actual number of days in such period (including any related Interest Accrual Period), divided by 365 or 366, as applicable, and (c) the Subordinated Commercial Paper Rate and (ii) any unpaid Class A Subordinated Interest Distribution Amounts from prior Payment Dates plus , to the extent permitted by law, interest thereon at the Subordinated Commercial Paper Rate for the related Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, the Class A Subordinated Interest Distribution Amount shall not constitute Confidential Information. 
 Class A Unused Portion of the Commitments shall mean, with respect to the Class A Lenders on any day, the excess of (x) the Class A Aggregate Commitment as of such day as of 5 00 P.M. (New York City time) on such day, over (y) the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Class A Advances as of 5 00 P.M. (New York City time) on such day. 
 Class A Usage Fee Margin shall mean, with respect to any Class A Lender or Class A Lender Group, the Class A Usage Fee Margin set forth in the Fee Letter to which such Class A Lender or Class A Lender Group is a party. 
 Class A Usage Fee Rate shall mean the greater of (x) zero and (y) sum of (i) the Cost of Funds and (ii) the Class A Usage Fee Margin provided, however, with respect Class A Advances (or portion thereof) actually funded by a Conduit Lender in a Lender Group with Barclays or MUFG through the issuance of Commercial Paper or by Barclays, during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Class A Usage Fee Rate shall not exceed the sum of (a)(x) the Adjusted Benchmark (or, as required pursuant to Section 2.15 if the then applicable Benchmark is not available, the Base Rate) or (y) any other rate as determined in accordance with Section 2.15 which may include another tenor of the Benchmark, for the related Interest Accrual Period and (b) . 
 Class B Additional Interest Distribution Amount shall mean, with respect to the Class B Advances on any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the product of (a) the daily average outstanding principal balance of all Class B Advances during the related period (including any related Interest Accrual Period), (b) the actual number of days in such period (including any related Interest Accrual Period), divided by 360, 365 or 366, as applicable, and (c) the Step-Up Rate and (ii) any unpaid Class B Additional Interest Distribution Amounts from prior Payment Dates plus , to the extent permitted by law, interest thereon at the Step-Up Rate for the related Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, the Class B Additional Interest Distribution Amount shall not constitute Confidential Information. 
 Class B Advance shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.2 . 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-18 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Class B Aggregate Commitment shall mean, on any date of determination, the sum of the Class B Commitments then in effect. The Class B Aggregate Commitment as of the Second Amendment and Restatement No. 3 Effective Date shall be equal to is . For the avoidance of doubt (i) any Class B Advance approved or funded pursuant to Section 2.18(A) herein shall be deemed to increase the Commitment of the Non-Conduit Lender approving such Class B Advance, (ii) prior to any Class B Advance approved or funded pursuant to Section 2.18(A) herein, all such amounts are uncommitted and (iii) as of the date hereof (after giving effect to the amendments effected pursuant hereto) no Lender has approved or funded a Class B Advance pursuant to Section 2.18(A) herein. 
 Class B Borrowing Base shall mean, as of any date of determination, the product of (i) the Borrowing Base as of such date and (ii) the applicable amount set forth on Column E of Schedule XII hereto. 
 Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.9 . 
 Class B Buyout Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3 hereof. 
 Class B Buyout Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3 hereof. 
 Class B Buyout Option shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3 hereof. 
 Class B Buyout Option Exercise Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3 hereof. 
 Class B Collateral Exercise Deadline shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(B) . 
 Class B Collateral Exercise Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(B) . 
 Class B Collateral Purchase Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(B) . 
 Class B Collateral Purchase Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(B) . 
 Class B Collateral Purchase Right shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(B) . 
 Class B Commitment shall mean the obligation of a Non-Conduit Lender to fund a Class B Advance in accordance with the terms hereof, as set forth on Exhibit E attached hereto. 
 Class B Fundamental Amendment shall mean any amendment, modification, waiver or supplement of or to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document that would (a) reduce the amount, timing or priority of any payment of principal, interest, fees or other amounts due to the Class B Lenders, or modify or alter any provision relating to pro rata treatment of the Class B Advances, in each case, including amending or modifying any of the definitions related to such terms (b) amend or modify the definition of the terms Class B Borrowing Base , Class B 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-19 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Borrowing Base Deficiency , Class B Fundamental Amendment , Class B Maximum Facility Amount , Class B Unused Portion of the Commitments , Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance , Supplemental Reserve Account Deposit or, in each case, any defined terms within such definitions (c) amend or modify the definition of the terms Class A Borrowing Base , Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency , Class A Maximum Facility Amount, Class A Unused Portion of the Commitments or, in each case, any defined terms within such definitions or (d) change the provisions of this Agreement relating to the application of collections on, or the proceeds of the sale of, all or any portion of the Collateral to reduce payment of the Class B Advances. 
 Class B Funding Agent shall mean a Person appointed as a Class B Funding Agent for a Class B Lender Group pursuant to Section 7.12 . 
 Class B Interest Distribution Amount shall mean, with respect to the Class B Advances on any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the product of (a) the daily average outstanding principal balance of all Class B Advances during the related period (including any related Interest Accrual Period), (b) the actual number of days in such period (including any related Interest Accrual Period), divided by 360, 365 or 366, as applicable, and (c) the Class B Usage Fee Rate and (ii) any unpaid Class B Interest Distribution Amounts from prior Payment Dates plus , to the extent permitted by law, interest thereon at the Class B Usage Fee Rate for the related Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, the Class B Interest Distribution Amount shall not constitute Confidential Information. 
 Class B Lender shall mean a Lender that has funded a Class B Advance. 
 Class B Lender Group shall mean with respect to any Class B Advances, any group consisting of related Conduit Lenders, Non-Conduit Lenders and Funding Agents. 
 Class B Lender Group Percentage shall mean, for any Class B Lender Group, the percentage equivalent of a fraction (expressed out to five decimal places), the numerator of which is, with respect to each Class B Lender Group, the Class B Commitment of all Non-Conduit Lenders in such Class B Lender Group, and the denominator of which is the Class B Aggregate Commitment. 
 Class B Loan Note shall mean each Class B Loan Note of the Borrower in the form of Exhibit D-2 attached hereto, payable to a Class B Funding Agent for the benefit of the Class B Lenders in such Class B Funding Agent s Class B Lender Group, in the aggregate face amount of up to such Class B Lender Group s portion of the Class B Maximum Facility Amount, evidencing the aggregate indebtedness of the Borrower to the Class B Lenders in such Class B Funding Agent s Class B Lender Group, as the same may be amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Class B Maximum Facility Amount shall mean, as of any date of determination, the lesser of (i) multiplied by the Class A Commitment and (ii) . 
 Class B Purchase Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3 hereof. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-20 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Class B Purchase Right Termination Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3 hereof. 
 Class B Subordinated Interest Distribution Amount shall mean, with respect to the Class B Advances (or portion thereof) actually funded by a Conduit Lender through the issuance of Commercial Paper on any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the product of (a) the daily average outstanding principal balance of all such Class B Advances during the related period (including any related Interest Accrual Period), (b) the actual number of days in such period (including any related Interest Accrual Period), divided by 365 or 366, as applicable, and (c) the Subordinated Commercial Paper Rate and (ii) any unpaid Class B Subordinated Interest Distribution Amounts from prior Payment Dates plus , to the extent permitted by law, interest thereon at the Subordinated Commercial Paper Rate for the related Interest Accrual Period. For the avoidance of doubt, the Class B Subordinated Interest Distribution Amount shall not constitute Confidential Information. 
 Class B Unused Portion of the Commitments shall mean, with respect to the Class B Lenders on any day, the excess of (x) the Class B Aggregate Commitment as of such day as of 5 00 P.M. (New York City time) on such day, over (y) the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal balance of the Class B Advances as of 5 00 P.M. (New York City time) on such day. 
 Class B Usage Fee Margin shall mean, with respect to any Class B Lender or Class B Lender Group, the Class B Usage Fee Margin set forth in the Fee Letter to which such Class B Lender or Class B Lender Group is a party. 
 Class B Usage Fee Rate shall mean the sum of (i) the Cost of Funds and (ii) the Class B Usage Fee Margin provided, however, with respect Class B Advances (or portion thereof) actually funded by a Conduit Lender through the issuance of Commercial Paper, during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Class B Usage Fee Rate shall not exceed the sum of (a)(x) the Adjusted Benchmark (or, as required pursuant to Section 2.15 if the then applicable Benchmark is not available, the Base Rate) or (y) any other rate as determined in accordance with Section 2.15 which may include another tenor of the Benchmark, for the related Interest Accrual Period and (b) the Class B Usage Fee Margin with respect to the Class B Lenders on the date hereof. 
 CME Group Website shall mean https www.cmegroup.com market-data cme-group-benchmark-administration term-sofr.html. 
 Collateral shall mean the Pledged Collateral (as defined in the Pledge Agreement) and have the meaning set forth in the Security Agreement, as applicable. 
 Collateral Sale Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(B) . 
 Collection Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(A)(i) . 
 Collection Period shall mean, with respect to a Payment Date, the three calendar months preceding the month in which such Payment Date occurs provided that 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-21 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

with respect to the first Payment Date, the Collection Period will be the period from and including the Original Closing Date to the end of the calendar quarter preceding such Payment Date. 
 Collections shall mean (without duplication) all distributions and payments received in respect of the SAP Solar Assets, Solar Asset Owner Member Interests, the Hedged SREC Solar Assets and other cash proceeds thereof, except for Service Incentives, Grid Services Revenue, ITC Transfer Proceeds, Excess SREC Proceeds, and SREC Direct Sale Proceeds. Without limiting the foregoing, Collections shall include any amounts payable to the Borrower under any Hedge Agreement entered into in connection with this Agreement or in connection with the disposition of any Collateral. 
 Commercial Paper shall mean commercial paper, money market notes and other promissory notes and senior indebtedness issued by or on behalf of a Conduit Lender. 
 Commercial Paper Notes shall mean (i) with respect to any Lender in the Lender Group with Barclays, the commercial paper notes issued from time to time by Sheffield or Salisbury, as applicable, and (ii) with respect to any other Conduit Lender, the commercial paper notes issued from time to time by such Conduit Lender. 
 Commercial Paper Rate shall mean 
 (a) for any Lender in the Lender Group with Barclays, for any Interest Accrual Period, the per annum rate calculated to yield the weighted average cost (as defined below) for such Interest Accrual Period (or portion thereof) in respect of all Commercial Paper Notes then outstanding, as determined by its Funding Agent provided , however , that if any component of such rate is a discount rate, in calculating the Commercial Paper Rate for such Interest Accrual Period (or portion thereof) the rate resulting from converting such discount rate to an interest-bearing equivalent rate per annum shall be used in calculating such component. As used in this clause (a), weighted average cost for any Interest Accrual Period (or portion thereof) means the sum of (i) the actual interest accrued during such Interest Accrual Period (or portion thereof) on outstanding Commercial Paper Notes, (ii) the commissions of placement agents and dealers in respect of such Commercial Paper Notes and (iii) other borrowings by Sheffield or Salisbury (as determined by its their Funding Agent), including to fund small or odd dollar amounts that are not easily accommodated in the commercial paper market, provided, such resulting sum shall not be less than zero (0) and 
 (b) for any other Conduit Lender, for any Interest Accrual Period and with respect to any Advance (or portion thereof) funded by such Conduit Lender through the issuance of Commercial Paper, the weighted average cost (as determined by such Conduit Lender (or by its Funding Agent on its behalf)) and expressed as an annual percentage, which shall include commissions and fees of placement agents and dealers, incremental carrying costs incurred with respect to Commercial Paper maturing on dates other than those on which corresponding funds are received by such Conduit Lender, other borrowings by such Conduit Lender (other than under its Liquidity Agreement) and any 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-22 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

other costs and expenses associated with the issuance of Commercial Paper) of or related to the issuance of Commercial Paper that is allocated, in whole or in part, by such Conduit Lender (or by its Group Agent on its behalf) to fund or maintain such Advance (or portion thereof) (and which may be also allocated in part to the funding of other assets of such Conduit Lender (including, in the case of Commercial Paper issued on a discount, such discount)) provided , however , that if any component of any such rate is a discount rate, in calculating the Commercial Paper Rate for such Interest Accrual Period, the Funding Agent shall for such component use the rate resulting from converting such discount rate to an interest bearing equivalent rate per annum). 
 Commitment shall mean, individually or collectively, as the context may require, the Class A Commitments and the Class B Commitments, as applicable. 
 Commitment Termination Date shall mean the earliest to occur of (i) the Scheduled Commitment Termination Date and (ii) the date of any voluntary termination of the facility by the Borrower. 
 Communication Portal shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.3(E) . 
 Communications shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.3(E) . 
 Conduit Lender shall mean each financial institution identified as such that may become a party hereto. 
 Confidential Information shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.16(A) . 
 Connection Income Taxes shall mean Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. 
 Consolidated Canadian Autonomous Sanctions List shall mean the list published by the Government of Canada from time to time at https www.international.gc.ca world-monde international_relations-relations_internationales sanctions consolidated-consolide.aspx lang eng . 
 Contribution Agreement shall mean, collectively, (a) the Master SAP Contribution Agreement, (b) the TEP OpCo Contribution Agreement, and (c) the Financing Fund Contribution Agreements. 
 Conveyed Property shall have the meaning set forth in the Sale and Contribution Agreement. 
 Core Components shall mean core components of the Green Loan Principles, including Use of Proceeds , Process for Project Evaluation and Selection , Management of Proceeds and Reporting , each as more specifically described in the Green Loan Principles. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-23 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Corporate Trust Office shall mean, with respect to the Paying Agent, the corporate trust office thereof at which at any particular time its corporate trust business with respect to the Transaction Documents is conducted, which office at the date of the execution of this instrument is located at 1505 Energy Park Drive, St. Paul, MN 55108, Attention Computershare Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Administration, or at such other address as such party may designate from time to time by notice to the other parties to this Agreement. 
 Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor shall mean, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. 
 Cost of Funds shall mean (i) with respect to any Advance (or portion thereof) actually funded by a Conduit Lender in a Lender Group with Barclays or MUFG through the issuance of Commercial Paper or by Barclays, for any Interest Accrual Period, interest accrued on such Advances during such Interest Accrual Period at such Lender s Commercial Paper Rate for such Interest Accrual Period and (ii) with respect to all other Advances for any Interest Accrual Period, interest accrued on such Advances during such Interest Accrual Period at (x) the Adjusted Benchmark for such Interest Accrual Period or, as required pursuant to Section 2.15 if the then applicable Benchmark is not available, the Base Rate or (y) any other rate as determined in accordance with Section 2.15 which may include another tenor of the Benchmark. 
 Covered Entity shall mean any of the following (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b) (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b) or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). 
 Covered Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.23 hereof. 
 Credit Card Receivable shall mean Host Customer Payments that are made via credit card. 
 Customer Collection Policy shall mean the initial Manager s internal collection policy as described in each Servicing Agreement provided that from and after the appointment of a Successor Manager pursuant to such Servicing Agreement, the Customer Collection Policy shall mean the collection policy of such Successor Manager for servicing assets comparable to the Borrower Solar Assets (as defined in such Servicing Agreement). 
 Customer Warranty Agreement shall mean any separate warranty agreement provided by Parent to a Host Customer (which may be an exhibit to a Solar Service Agreement) in connection with the performance and installation of the related PV System (which may include a Performance Guaranty). 
 Cut- off Off Date shall mean, (i) for each Solar Asset acquired on the Original Closing Date, the date that is three (3) Business Days prior to the Original Closing Date, and (ii) for any Additional Solar Asset, the date specified as such in the related Schedule of Solar Assets. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-24 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Daily Simple SOFR shall mean, for any day, SOFR, with conventions (including, without limitation, a lookback) established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for business loans provided that, if the Administrative Agent determines that any such convention is not administratively, operationally, or technically feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. 
 DC Tax Credit Adder shall mean any Tax Credit adder for domestic content (as provided for in Section 48(a)(12) or Section 48E(a)(3)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code). 
 Dealer shall mean Homebuilders, Approved Installers and Approved Vendors. a third party with whom Parent or any of its Affiliates contracts to source potential customers, to design, install and service PV Systems and or Energy Storage Systems and to procure equipment for such design, installation and services. 
 Debtor Relief Laws shall mean the Bankruptcy Code of the United States of America, and all other liquidation, conservatorship, bankruptcy, assignment for the benefit of creditors, moratorium, rearrangement, receivership, insolvency, reorganization, or similar debtor relief Laws of the United States or other applicable jurisdictions from time to time in effect. 
 Default Level shall mean, for any Collection Period, the quotient (expressed as a percentage) of (i) the excess (if any) of (a) the sum of the Discounted Solar Asset Balances of all Eligible Solar Assets that became Defaulted Solar Assets during such Collection Period and that did not repay all past due portions of a contractual payment due under the related Solar Service Agreement by the end of such Collection Period (excluding any Solar Assets released from Collateral pursuant to the terms hereof on or prior to the date of the calculation of the Default Level for such Collection Period) , over (b)(x) for the purposes of clause (v) of the definition of Amortization Event, the sum of the Discounted Solar Asset Balances of all Eligible Solar Assets that became Defaulted Solar Assets during the three immediately preceding Collection Periods and that repaid all past due portions of a contractual payment due under the related Solar Service Agreement during the Collection Period in which the Default Level is being calculated (excluding any Solar Assets released from Collateral pursuant to the terms hereof on or prior to the date of the calculation of the Default Level for such Collection Period) , or (y) otherwise, zero, divided by (ii) the aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balances for the Managing Member Interests (other than any amounts attributable to New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer)), the SAP Solar Assets and any Hedged SREC Solar Assets on the first day of such Collection Period. For the avoidance of doubt, the receipt of any Liquidated Damages Amounts by the Borrower shall not constitute payments of past due amounts pursuant to clause (i). 
 Default Right shall have the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. 
 Defaulted Solar Asset shall mean a Solar Asset for which the related Host Customer is more than one hundred twenty (120) days past due on any portion of a contractual payment due under the related Solar Service Agreement provided, however , once such amounts are paid in 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-25 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

full by the Host Customer such Solar Asset shall no longer be a Defaulted Solar Asset . For the avoidance of doubt, any past due amounts owed by an original Host Customer after reassignment to or execution of a replacement Solar Service Agreement with a new Host Customer shall not cause the Solar Asset to be deemed to be a Defaulted Solar Asset. 
 Defaulting Lender shall mean, subject to Section 2.12(E), any Lender that (i) has failed to (a) fund all or any portion of its Advances within three (3) Business Days of the date such Advances were required to be funded hereunder unless such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s determination that one or more conditions precedent to funding (each of which conditions precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing) has not been satisfied, or (b) pay to the Administrative Agent or any other Lender any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder within three (3) Business Days of the date when due, (ii) has notified the Borrower or the Administrative Agent in writing that it does not intend to comply with its funding obligations hereunder, or has made a public statement to that effect (unless such writing or public statement relates to such Lender s obligation to fund an Advance hereunder and states that such position is based on such Lender s determination that a condition precedent to funding (which condition precedent, together with any applicable default, shall be specifically identified in such writing or public statement) cannot be satisfied), (iii) has failed, within three (3) Business Days after written request by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower to confirm in writing to the Administrative Agent or the Borrower that it will comply with its prospective funding obligations hereunder provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (iii) upon receipt of such written confirmation by the Administrative Agent or the Borrower), or (iv) has, or has a direct or indirect parent company that has, (a) become the subject of a proceeding under any Debtor Relief Law, (b) had appointed for it a receiver, custodian, conservator, trustee, administrator, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with reorganization or liquidation of its business or assets, including the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation or any other state or federal regulatory authority acting in such a capacity or (c) become the subject of a Bail-In Action provided that a Lender shall not be a Defaulting Lender solely by virtue of the ownership or acquisition of any equity interest in that Lender or any direct or indirect parent company thereof by a Governmental Authority so long as such ownership interest does not result in or provide such Lender with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the United States or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permit such Lender (or such Governmental Authority) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made with such Lender. Any determination by the Administrative Agent that a Lender is a Defaulting Lender under any one or more of clauses (i) through (iv) above shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error, and such Lender shall be deemed to be a Defaulting Lender (subject to Section 2.12(E)) upon delivery of written notice of such determination to the Borrower and each Lender. 
 Defective Solar Asset shall mean a Solar Asset with respect to which it is determined by the Administrative Agent (acting at the written direction of the Majority Lenders, such direction not to be unreasonably withheld, condition or delayed) or the Facility Administrator, at any time, that the Borrower breached as of the Transfer Date for such Solar Asset the representation in Section 4.1(U) , unless such breach has been waived, in writing, by the Administrative Agent, acting at the direction of the Majority Lenders. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-26 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Delayed Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(E) . 
 Delayed Funding Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(E) . 
 Delayed Funding Lender shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(E) . 
 Delayed Funding Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(E) . 
 Delayed Funding Reimbursement Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4(G) . 
 Delinquent Solar Asset shall mean a Solar Asset for which the related Host Customer is more than ninety (90) days past due on any portion of a contractual payment due under the related Solar Service Agreement provided, however , once such amounts are paid in full by the Host Customer such Solar Asset shall no longer be a Delinquent Solar Asset . 
 Discount Rate shall mean, as of any date of determination, the greater of (i) 6.00 per annum and (ii) the Carrying Cost, in each case, determined as of such date of determination. 
 Discounted Solar Asset Balance shall mean, as of any date of determination (x)(i) with respect to the Managing Member Interests or the SAP Solar Assets (other than a Substantial Stage Solar Asset), the present value of the remaining and unpaid stream of Net Cash Flow on or after such date of determination, based upon discounting such Net Cash Flow to such date of determination at an annual rate equal to the Discount Rate, (ii) with respect to a Hedged SREC Solar Asset, the present value of the remaining and unpaid stream of Scheduled Hedged SREC Payments for such Hedged SREC Solar Asset on or after such date of determination, based upon discounting such Scheduled Hedged SREC Payments to such date of determination at an annual rate equal to the Discount Rate and (iii) with respect to a Substantial Stage Solar Asset, the amount actually disbursed to Dealers for services rendered in respect of such Solar Asset provided, however , that in the case of either clause (i) or clause (ii), any Transferable Solar Asset will be deemed to have a Discounted Solar Asset Balance equal to zero 0) provided , further that any New Construction Solar Asset that (a) is transferred to a Financing Fund during a Placed in Service Failure Period and (b) is either a Substantial Stage Solar Asset or a Final Stage Solar Asset will be deemed to have a Discounted Solar Asset Balance equal to zero 0) during the continuation of such Placed in Service Failure Period, and (y) for purposes of determining the Default Level respect to a Host Customer Solar Asset, the present value of the remaining and unpaid stream of Net Scheduled Payments for such Host Customer Solar Asset for the period beginning on such date of determination and ending on the date of the last Net Scheduled Payment for such Host Customer Solar Asset shall be based upon discounting such Net Scheduled Payments to such date of determination at an annual rate equal to the Discount Rate. 
 Disqualified Entity shall have the meaning set forth in the Tax Equity Financing Documents. 
 Disqualified Lender shall mean any financial institution or other Persons set forth on Exhibit K hereto, including any known Affiliate thereof clearly identifiable on the basis of its 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-27 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

name (in each case, other than any Affiliate that is primarily engaged in, or that advises funds or other investment vehicles that are engaged in, making, purchasing, holding or otherwise investing in commercial loans, bonds and similar extensions of credit or securities in the ordinary course and with respect to which such financial institution or other Person does not, directly or indirectly, possess the power to direct or cause the direction of the investment policies of such entity) provided that, for the avoidance of doubt, in no event shall a Lender under this Agreement as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date be designated as a Disqualified Lender. The Borrower may from time to time update Exhibit K to (x) include identified Affiliates of financial institutions or other Persons identified pursuant to the preceding sentence provided that such updates shall not apply retroactively to disqualify parties that have previously acquired an assignment or participation interest in the Commitment or (y) remove one or more Persons as Disqualified Lenders (in which case such removed Person or Persons shall no longer constitute Disqualified Lenders). 
 Distributable Collections shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.7(B) . 
 Dodd-Frank Act shall mean the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
 Dollar, Dollars, U.S. Dollars and the symbol shall mean the lawful currency of the United States. 
 EEA Financial Institution shall mean (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. 
 EEA Member Country shall mean any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. 
 EEA Resolution Authority shall mean any public administrative authority or any person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. 
 Effective Advance Rate shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio of the Aggregate Outstanding Advances to the Aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance. 
 Eligible Facility Administrator shall mean Sunnova Management or any other operating entity which, at the time of its appointment as Facility Administrator, (i) is legally qualified and has the capacity to service the Solar Assets or provide administrative services to the Borrower, and (ii) prior to such appointment, is approved in writing by the Administrative Agent as having demonstrated the ability to professionally and competently service the Collateral and or a portfolio of assets of a nature similar to the Eligible Solar Assets in accordance with high standards of skill and care. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-28 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Eligible Green Project shall mean a Solar Asset that does not include fossil fuel generators as part of Ancillary PV System Components. For the avoidance of doubt, Eligible Green Project is deemed to be in alignment with the indicative categories of Renewable Energy and Energy Efficiency under the Use of Proceeds component of the Core Components. 
 Eligible Green Projects Ratio shall mean, as of any date of determination, the ratio of (a) the Aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance with respect to only Eligible Green Projects to (b) the Aggregate Outstanding Advances as of such date. 
 Eligible Hedged SREC Counterparty shall mean (i) any Person rated, or guaranteed (such guaranty to be acceptable to the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion) by an entity rated, investment grade by any of Moody s, S&P, Fitch, DBRS, Inc. or Kroll Bond Rating Agency, Inc. and (ii) such other Persons that are agreed to in writing by the Administrative Agent to be Eligible Hedged SREC Counterparties. 
 Eligible Institution shall mean a commercial bank or trust company having capital and surplus of not less than in the case of U.S. banks and (or the U.S. dollar equivalent as of the date of determination) in the case of foreign banks provided that a commercial bank which does not satisfy the requirements set forth above shall nonetheless be deemed to be an Eligible Institution for purposes of holding any deposit account or any other account so long as such commercial bank is a federally or state chartered depository institution subject to regulations regarding fiduciary funds on deposit substantially similar to 12 C.F.R. 9.10(b) and such account is maintained as a segregated trust account with such bank. 
 Eligible Letter of Credit Bank shall mean a financial institution (a) organized in the United States, (b) having total assets in excess of and with a long term rating of at least by S&P or by Moody s and a short term rating of at least by S&P or by Moody s, and (c) approved by the Administrative Agent acting on the instructions of the Majority Lenders (such approval not to be unreasonably delayed withheld or delayed). 
 Eligible Solar Asset shall mean, on any date of determination, a Solar Asset 
 (i) which meets all of the criteria specified in Schedule I 
 (ii) for which the legal title to the Host Customer Payments, PBI Payments and Energy Storage System Incentives related thereto is vested solely in a Financing Fund or SAP, and the Hedged SREC Payments related thereto is vested solely in the Borrower and 
 (iii) was acquired by a Financing Fund or SAP pursuant to the related SAP NTP Financing Documents, Tax Equity Financing Documents or the SAP Contribution Agreement, as applicable, and has not been sold or encumbered by the related Financing Fund or SAP except as permitted hereunder (with respect to Permitted Liens and Permitted Equity Liens) and under the applicable SAP Financing Documents, SAP NTP Financing Documents or Tax Equity Financing Documents. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-29 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Energy Storage System shall mean an energy storage system to be used in connection with a PV System, including all equipment related thereto (including any battery management system, wiring, conduits and any replacement or additional parts included from time to time). 
 Energy Storage System Incentives shall mean payments paid by a state or local Governmental Authority, based in whole or in part on the size of an Energy Storage System, made as an inducement to the owner thereof. 
 Engaged Back-Up O&M and Services Provider shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(R). 
 ERISA shall mean the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time, and the regulations promulgated and rulings issued thereunder. Section references to ERISA are to ERISA, as in effect at the Original Closing Date and any subsequent provisions of ERISA, amendatory thereof, supplemental thereto or substituted therefor. 
 ERISA Affiliate shall mean each Person (as defined in Section 3(9) of ERISA), which together with the Borrower, would be deemed to be a single employer within the meaning of Section 414(b), (c), (m) or (o) of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 4001(a)(14) or 4001(b)(1) of ERISA. 
 ERISA Event shall mean (i) that a Reportable Event has occurred with respect to any Single-Employer Plan (ii) the institution of any steps by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate, the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation or any other Person to terminate any Single-Employer Plan in other than a standard termination, or the occurrence of any event or condition described in Section 4042 of ERISA that constitutes grounds for the termination of, or the appointment of a trustee to administer, a Single-Employer Plan (iii) the institution of any steps by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate to withdraw from any Multi-Employer Plan or Multiple Employer Plan or written notification of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate concerning the imposition of withdrawal liability (iv) a non-exempt prohibited transaction within the meaning of Section 406 of ERISA or Section 4975 of the Internal Revenue Code in connection with any Plan (v) the cessation of operations at a facility of the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate in the circumstances described in Section 4062(e) of ERISA (vi) with respect to a Single-Employer Plan, a failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 302 of ERISA, whether or not waived (vii) the conditions for imposition of a lien under Section 303(k) of ERISA shall have been met with respect to a Single-Employer Plan (viii) a determination that a Single-Employer Plan is or is expected to be in at-risk status (within the meaning of Section 430(i)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 303(i)(4) of ERISA) (ix) the insolvency of or commencement of reorganization proceeding with respect to a Multi-Employer Plan or written notification that a Multi-Employer Plan is in endangered or critical status (within the meaning of Section 432 of the Internal Revenue Code or Section 305 of ERISA) or (x) the taking of any action by, or the threatening of the taking of any action by, the Internal Revenue Service, the Department of Labor or the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation with respect to any of the foregoing. 
 Erroneous Payment shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.24(A). 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-30 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.24(D) . 
 Estimated Class B Buyout Amount shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3 hereof. 
 EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule shall mean the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor person), as in effect from time to time. 
 EU Risk Retention Side Letter shall mean that certain Risk Retention Letter, dated as of February 14, 2024, by and among the Parent, the Administrative Agent and the Atlas Lender Group. 
 Event of Default shall mean any of the Events of Default described in Section 6.1 . 
 Event of Loss shall mean the occurrence of an event with respect to a PV System if such PV System is damaged or destroyed by fire, theft or other casualty and such PV System has become inoperable because of such event. 
 EWB shall mean East West Bank. 
 Excess Concentration Amount shall mean the dollar amount specified as such on Schedule III of a Borrowing Base Certificate provided , that (i) the sum of the amounts comprising the Excess Concentration Amount pursuant to line 75 thereof shall be calculated without duplication and (ii) commencing on the Original Closing Date or the effective date of a Qualifying Takeout Transaction and ending ninety (90) days thereafter, lines 34, 37 and 40 thereof shall not be included in the calculation of the Excess Concentration Amount provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein and for the avoidance of doubt, the parties hereto agree that entry into this Agreement shall not impact that effectiveness of the Limited Consent (July 2023) which shall remain in full force and effect pursuant to its terms. 
 Excess SRECs shall mean any SREC of a particular jurisdiction and vintage generated in excess of the amount of SRECs of such jurisdiction and such vintage required to satisfy the aggregate annual SREC delivery requirements of such jurisdiction and such vintage under all Hedged SREC Agreements. 
 Excess SREC Proceeds shall mean all cash proceeds actually received by the Borrower from the sale of Excess SRECs. 
 Excluded Taxes shall mean any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient, (i) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (a) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the Laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-31 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (b) that are Other Connection Taxes, (ii) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in an Advance pursuant to a Law in effect on the date on which (a) such Lender acquires such interest in the Advances or (b) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17 , amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender became a party hereto or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (iii) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.17(G) and (iv) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. 
 Existing Credit Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 
 Expected Amortization Profile shall mean the expected amortization schedule of the Aggregate Outstanding Advances, for the period (a) through and including the Facility Maturity Date and (b) following the Facility Maturity Date (under the assumption of full amortization for the period following the Facility Maturity Date), based on the sum (without duplication of clause (ii)) of (i) any outstanding Advance and (ii) any Advance that has been requested pursuant to Section 2.4 , as set forth in the Advance Model . 
 Expense Claim shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.21 . 
 Facility shall mean this Agreement together with all other Transaction Documents. 
 Facility Administration Agreement shall mean the Amended and Restated Facility Administration Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, by and among the Borrower, the Facility Administrator and the Administrative Agent. 
 Facility Administrator shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
 Facility Administrator Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.1(b) of the Facility Administration Agreement. 
 Facility Administrator Report shall have the meaning set forth in the Facility Administration Agreement. 
 Facility Administrator Termination Event shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.1 of the Facility Administration Agreement. 
 Facility Maturity Date shall mean November 20, 2025 the date that , unless otherwise extended pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.16 . , is August 20, 2026 or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day provided , however , that if, on or prior to June 30, 2025, a Parent Refinancing occurs, then, effective as of five (5) Business Days after the Borrower s written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Facility Maturity Date shall be automatically extended to the date that, unless otherwise extended pursuant to and in accordance 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-32 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

with Section 2.16, is November 20, 2026 or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day provided further, however , that if Parent or SEI or any affiliate thereof enters into a new corporate debt financing or amends, amends and restates, supplements or otherwise modifies or refinances or otherwise enters into corporate debt with a maturity date earlier than the then current Facility Maturity Date, the Facility Maturity Date shall be automatically amended to be five (5) Business Days prior to such earlier maturity date. 
 FATCA shall mean Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Internal Revenue Code, as of the date of this Agreement (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof, any agreements entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code, and any intergovernmental agreements between the United States and another country which modify the provisions of the foregoing. 
 FATCA Withholding Tax shall mean any withholding or deduction required pursuant to FATCA. 
 Federal Funds Rate shall mean, for any day, the greater of (a) the rate equal to the weighted average of the rates on overnight Federal funds transactions with members of the Federal Reserve System arranged by Federal funds brokers, as published for such day (or, if such day is not a Business Day, for the next preceding Business Day) by the Federal Reserve Bank of New York or, if such rate is not so published for any day that is a Business Day, the average of the quotations for such day for such transactions received by such Funding Agent with respect to such Lender Group from three Federal funds brokers of recognized standing selected by it, and (b) 0.00 . 
 Fee Letters shall mean (i) each fee letter entered into by and among the Administrative Agent, the applicable Lender and the Borrower on or prior to the Second Amendment and Restatement Date , as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and (ii) any other fee letter between the Borrower and , any other Lender and, if applicable, the Administrative Agent, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time . 
 Final Auction shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(B) . 
 Final Stage Solar Asset shall mean a Host Customer Solar Asset for which (i) with respect to a Retrofit Solar Asset, the related PV System is fully installed but has not been Placed in Service, and (ii) with respect to a New Construction Solar Asset, the installation of the related Solar Photovoltaic Panel has been completed, but the related PV System has not been Placed in Service. For the avoidance of doubt, a Solar Service Agreement does not need to have been signed in order for a New Construction Solar Asset to constitute a Final Stage Solar Asset. 
 Final Stage Solar Asset Reserve Amount shall mean, as of any date of determination, the product of (i) 6 3 times (ii) the then applicable Net Interest Obligations times (iii) the ratio of (x) the aggregate principal balance of all Advances related to Final Stage Solar Assets that are 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-33 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Retrofit Solar Assets as of such date divided by (y) the Aggregate Outstanding Advances as of such date. 
 Financial Covenants shall have the meaning set forth in the Parent Guaranty. 
 Financing Fund shall mean, collectively, each entity set forth under the heading Financing Funds on Schedule VIII hereto. 
 Financing Fund Contribution Agreements shall mean, collectively, each document set forth under the heading Contribution Agreements on Schedule VIII hereto. 
 Financing Fund Contributions shall mean any capital contributions from Parent or its Affiliates to Borrower or a Managing Member for contribution to a Financing Fund. 
 Financing Fund LLCA shall mean, collectively, each document set forth under the heading Financing Fund LLCAs on Schedule VIII hereto. 
 Financing Fund Seller shall mean Sunnova TEP Developer, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Financing Fund Withdrawal Amount shall mean, with respect to a Financing Fund with a Financing Fund LLCA that includes a Financing Fund Withdrawal Right, the amount that the related Tax Equity Investor is entitled to receive upon the exercise by such Tax Equity Investor of such Financing Fund Withdrawal Right pursuant to the terms of such Financing Funds LLCA. 
 Financing Fund Withdrawal Amount Deposit shall mean, with respect to a Financing Fund with a Financing Fund LLCA that includes a Financing Fund Withdrawal Right, an amount determined by the Managing Member of such Financing Fund, and agreed to by the Administrative Agent on or before the applicable Payment Date identified in Column J of Schedule XII hereto, related to the Financing Fund Withdrawal Amount, which amount (as of the first closing of such Financing Fund) is identified in Column I of Schedule XII hereto and as such amount may be adjusted from time to time upon the agreement by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Financing Fund Withdrawal Right shall mean, collectively, each withdrawal right set forth under the heading Withdrawal Rights on Schedule VIII hereto. 
 First Payment Date Reserve Amount shall mean, as of any date of determination, the product of (i)(A) with respect to any Solar Asset which is a Solar Asset (Promotional Product) and which has been Placed in Service but the related Host Customer has not yet made a payment under the related Solar Service Agreement as of such date, one (1), or (B) with respect to all other Solar Assets which have been Placed in Service but the related Host Customer has not yet made a payment under the related Solar Service Agreement as of such date, one-third (1 3), times (ii) the then applicable Net Interest Obligations times (iii) the ratio of (x) the aggregate principal balance of all Advances related to Solar Assets which have been Placed in Service but have not 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-34 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

yet made a payment under the related Solar Service Agreement as of such date divided by (y) the Aggregate Outstanding Advances as of such date. 
 Fitch shall mean Fitch, Inc., or any successor rating agency. 
 Floor shall mean (i) with respect to determining the interest rate applicable to any Class A Advances, 0.00 and (ii) with respect to determining the interest rate applicable to any Class B Advances, 0.50 . 
 Fundamental Amendment shall mean any amendment, modification, waiver or supplement of or to this Agreement or any other Transaction Document that would (a) extend the Facility Maturity Date or the Scheduled Commitment Termination Date (b) (i) change the date fixed for the payment or extend the time for payment of principal of or interest on any Advance or any fee or other amount due hereunder or (ii) add new fees or increase fees payable by the Borrower hereunder or any other Transaction Document (c) modify the rate at which interest accrues or is payable on any Class A Advances or Class B Advances or, in each case, amend or modify any of the definitions related to such terms (d) release any material portion of the Collateral, except in connection with dispositions permitted hereunder or under any other Transaction Document (e) amend, modify, waive or supplement any provision of Sections 2.8, 2.9, 3.3, 5.1(U), or 6.1 through 6.4, or the definition of the terms Aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance , Amortization Event , Amortization Period , Availability Period , Borrowing Base Deficiency , Change of Control , Collections , Commitment Termination Date , Effective Advance Rate , Eligible Solar Asset , Excess Concentration Amount , Event of Default , Facility Maturity Date , Fundamental Amendment , Maturity Date , Maximum Facility Amount , Takeout Transaction , or, in each case, any defined terms within such definitions (f) release the Parent or any Subsidiary from the Parent Guaranty or the Subsidiary Guaranty, respectively, expect to the extent otherwise permitted hereunder or under any other Transaction Documents (g) change the provisions of this Agreement relating to the application of collections on, or the proceeds of the sale of, all or any portion of the Collateral (h) impair the right to institute suit for enforcement of the provisions of this Agreement (i) reduce the percentage of Majority Lenders the consent of which is necessary to (1) approve any amendment to this Agreement or (2) direct the sale or liquidation of the Collateral (j) change the currency required for payments of Obligations owing to any Lender under this Agreement or (k) waive, limit, reduce or impair any condition precedent required to be satisfied for the making of an Advance. 
 Funding Agent shall mean, individually or collectively as the context may require, each Class A Funding Agent and each Class B Funding Agent, as applicable. 
 Funding Date shall mean any Business Day on which an Advance is made at the request of the Borrower in accordance with provisions of this Agreement. 
 GAAP shall mean generally accepted accounting principles as are in effect from time to time and applied on a consistent basis (except for changes in application in which the Borrower s independent certified public accountants and the Administrative Agent reasonably agree) both as to classification of items and amounts. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-35 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Governmental Authority shall mean the government of the United States of America or any other nation, or of any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government (including any supra-national bodies such as the European Union or the European Central Bank). 
 Green Loan is defined in Section 10.27. 
 Green Loan Principles shall mean the Green Loan Principles , issued in February 2023, by the Loan Market Association (LMA), the Loan Syndications and Trading Association (LSTA) and the Asia Pacific Loan Market Association (APLMA), and the Guidance on Green Loan Principles issued in February 2023 by the LMA, LSTA and APLMA. 
 Green Loan Structuring Agent shall mean ING Capital LLC, together with its successors and assigns in such capacity, appointed by Borrower hereunder to facilitate voluntary alignment by Borrower with the Core Components (as defined in the Green Loan Principles) in connection with this Agreement. 
 Grid Services shall mean any grid services (including but not limited to resource adequacy, operating reserves, and load relief), energy services (including but not limited to demand reduction, energy injection and energy consumption) and ancillary services (including but not limited to primary and secondary frequency response, frequency regulation and voltage support) provided however, Grid Services shall not include Service Incentives, PBI Payments, the sale of SRECs, or the sale of energy to a Host Customer pursuant to the related Solar Service Agreement. 
 Grid Services Customer Payment Amount shall mean, in respect of Grid Services Revenue, the amount required to be paid by the Manager or its affiliate, pursuant to the terms of the applicable Servicing Agreement, to a Host Customer from the proceeds of Grid Services Revenue in consideration of such Host Customer s participation or enrollment in a Grid Services program. 
 Grid Services Revenue shall mean any payments or revenue received by a Financing Fund from the sale or provision of Grid Services from a PV System and or Energy Storage System to public utilities, independent power producers, retail energy providers, regional transmission organizations, energy trading companies, or other entities from time to time. 
 Hedge Agreement shall mean, collectively, (i) the ISDA Master Agreement, the related Schedule to the ISDA Master Agreement, and the related Confirmation or (ii) a long form confirmation, in each case in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent. 
 Hedge Counterparty shall mean the counterparty under a Hedge Agreement. 
 Hedge Requirements shall mean the requirements of the Borrower to 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-36 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Hedge Requirements shall mean the requirements of the Borrower to (i) (i) within two (2) Business Days of the Original Closing Date, after each Funding Date, each Payment Date and the date of any Takeout Transaction thereafter or otherwise upon the election of the Borrower , enter into forward-starting and exit from interest rate swap or cap agreements with a Qualifying Hedge Counterparty with a forward start date no later than the for the period through but excluding the Payment Date immediately preceding the Facility Maturity Date to an aggregate DV01 exposure of within + - 5.0 of the then present value of such forward-starting interest rate swap agreement according to the aggregate Expected Amortization Profile of the Aggregate Outstanding Advances and, to the extent the expected notional balance of the Aggregate Outstanding Advances is equal to or greater than , with an amortizing notional balance schedule which, after giving effect to such interest rate swap agreement, will cause , under which the Borrower will expect to receive or make a payment of on or about each Payment Date for such period, an amount required to maintain a fixed interest rate or interest rate protection at no greater than the current market interest rates on not greater than and not less than of the aggregate Expected Amortization Profile to be subject to a fixed interest rate, with each such interest rate swap agreement being entered into at the market fixed versus SOFR (in such type as determined by the Administrative Agent) as at the date of the execution thereof through such Payment Date and 
 (ii) upon the election of the Borrower or no later than five within two 5 2 Business Days following the occurrence of a Hedge Trigger Event, after each Funding Date, each Payment Date and the date of any Takeout Transaction , enter into one or more or exit from interest rate swap or cap agreements with a Qualifying Hedge Counterparty , for the period including and following the Payment Date immediately preceding the Facility Maturity Date, under which the Borrower will expect to , at all times until the Facility Maturity Date, receive or make a payment of, on or about each Payment Date, an amount required to maintain a fixed interest rate or interest rate protection at and, if the interest rates hedges are interest rate swaps, at no greater than the then current market interest rates (including any swap charges), on not greater than and not less than of the Expected Amortization Profile through starting expected notional balance of the Aggregate Outstanding Advances as of the Payment Date immediately preceding the Facility Maturity Date according to the Expected Amortization Profile provided that , if after a Funding Date, Payment Date, or Takeout Transaction, the Borrower is in compliance with the DV01 Requirement (defined below) with respect to the period from the Facility Maturity Date through the final period of the Expected Amortization Profile of the Aggregate Outstanding Advances, the Borrower will not be required to enter into or exit from an interest rate swap or cap agreements with a Qualifying Hedge Counterparty in accordance with this clause (ii) 
 provided , that each interest rate swap or cap agreement entered into under clause (i) or (ii) of this definition of Hedge Requirements shall at all times provide the Borrower on or about each Payment Date, an amount required to maintain a fixed interest rate or interest rate protection and, if the interest rates hedges are interest rate swaps, at no greater than the then current market interest rates (including any swap charges), on an aggregate DV01 exposure of not greater than and not less than of the aggregate Expected Amortization Profile 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-37 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

of the Aggregate Outstanding Advances for such period (x) for a final maturity ending no earlier than one year before and no later than one year after the final period of the Expected Amortization Profile of the Aggregate Outstanding Advances and (y) no less than one year shorter and no greater than one year longer than the weighted average life of the Aggregate Outstanding Advances according to the aggregate Expected Amortization Profile of the Aggregate Outstanding Advances DV01 Requirement ). 
 Each interest rate swap or cap agreement entered into under clause (i) or (ii) of this definition of Hedge Requirements shall be determined after giving effect to Advances and payments made on the applicable Funding Date ( , Payment Date or the date of any Takeout Transaction and it being understood that an interest rate swap or cap agreement entered into under clause (i) of this definition of Hedge Requirements (to the extent the effective date thereof is earlier than the Facility Maturity Date) may be taken into account in determining whether the Borrower satisfies the requirements of this clause (ii)) provided , that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, the Borrower shall be permitted to enter into other types of (x) interest rate swaps, interest rate caps or a combination of the foregoing to satisfy the Hedge Requirements, (y) other derivative agreements in order to satisfy the Hedge Requirements subject to the prior written approval of the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion or (z) a combination of the foregoing . 
 Hedge Trigger Event shall mean the occurrence of either of the following (i) the Adjusted Benchmark for any Interest Accrual Period is greater than or equal to or (ii) the end of the Availability Period. 
 Hedged SREC shall mean any SREC that is subject to a Hedged SREC Agreement. 
 Hedged SREC Agreement shall mean, with respect to a PV System, the agreement evidencing all conditions to the payment of Hedged SREC Payments by the Eligible Hedged SREC Counterparty to the Borrower and the rate and timing of such Hedged SREC Payments. 
 Hedged SREC Credit Support Obligations shall mean that Indebtedness constituting credit support for Hedged SRECs in favor of Eligible Hedged SREC Counterparties in the form of guarantees, letters of credit and similar reimbursement and credit support obligations. 
 Hedged SREC Payments shall mean, with respect to a PV System and the related Hedged SREC Agreement, all payments due by the related Eligible Hedged SREC Counterparty to the Borrower under or in respect of such Hedged SREC Agreement. 
 Hedged SREC Solar Asset shall mean (i) a Hedged SREC Agreement and all rights and remedies of the Borrower thereunder, including all Hedged SREC Payments due on and after the related Cut-Off Date and any related security therefor, (ii) the related Hedged SRECs subject to such Hedged SREC Agreement, and (iii) all documentation in the Solar Asset File and other documents held by the Verification Agent related to such Hedged SREC Agreement and related Hedged SRECs. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-38 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Homebuilder shall mean a homebuilder that has entered into an agreement with Parent (or an Affiliate thereof) and an Approved Installer, pursuant to which the Approved Installer has agreed to install PV Systems on new homes built and sold by such homebuilder. 
 Host Customer shall mean the customer under a Solar Service Agreement. 
 Host Customer Payments shall mean with respect to a PV System and a Solar Service Agreement, all payments due from the related Host Customer under or in respect of such Solar Service Agreement, including any amounts payable by such Host Customer that are attributable to sales, use or property taxes. 
 Host Customer Security Deposit shall mean any security deposit that a Host Customer must provide in accordance with such Host Customer s Solar Service Agreement or the Facility Administrator s credit and collections policy. 
 Host Customer Solar Asset shall mean (i) a PV System installed on a residential property (including Single-Family Residential Properties, multi-family homes, clubhouses or apartment buildings), (ii) all related real property rights, Permits and Manufacturer Warranties (in each case, to the extent transferable), (iii) upon execution of the related Solar Service Agreement, all rights and remedies of the lessor seller under such Solar Service Agreement, including all Host Customer Payments on and after the related Cut-Off Date and any related security therefor (other than Host Customer Security Deposits) and all Energy Storage System Incentives, (iv) all related PBI Solar Assets on and after the related Cut-Off Date, and (v) all documentation in the Solar Asset File and other documents held by the Verification Agent related to such PV System, the Solar Service Agreement and PBI Documents, if any. 
 Impact Reporting Letter shall mean a letter, as required under Section 10.27(E), provided by the Borrower for the purpose of reporting on the expected impact to be achieved by the use of proceeds in accordance with the Reporting component of the Green Loan Principles, substantially in the form of Exhibit M. 
 Increased Commitment Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.18(B)(i) . 
 Indebtedness shall mean as to any Person at any time, any and all indebtedness, obligations or liabilities (whether matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, direct or indirect, absolute or contingent, or joint or several) of such Person for or in respect of (i) borrowed money (ii) obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or other similar instruments (iii) amounts raised under or liabilities in respect of any note purchase or acceptance credit facility (iv) reimbursement obligations under any letter of credit, currency swap agreement, interest rate swap, cap, collar or floor agreement or other interest rate management device (other than in connection with this Agreement) (v) obligations of such Person to pay the deferred purchase price of property or services (vi) obligations of such Person as lessee under leases which have been or should be in accordance with GAAP recorded as capital leases (vii) any other transaction (including without limitation forward sale or purchase agreements, capitalized leases and conditional sales agreements) having the commercial effect of a borrowing of money entered into by such Person to finance its operations or capital 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-39 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

requirements, and whether structured as a borrowing, sale and leaseback or a sale of assets for accounting purposes (viii) any guaranty or endorsement of, or responsibility for, any Indebtedness of the types described in this definition (ix) liabilities secured by any Lien on property owned or acquired, whether or not such a liability shall have been assumed (other than any Permitted Liens or Permitted Equity Liens) or (x) unvested pension obligations. 
 Indemnified Taxes shall mean (i) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under any Transaction Document and (ii) to the extent not otherwise described in clause (i), Other Taxes. 
 Indemnitee Agent Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.6 hereof. 
 Indemnitee Funding Agent Party shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.17 hereof. 
 Indemnitees shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.5 . 
 Independent Accountant shall have the meaning set forth in the Facility Administration Agreement. 
 Independent Director shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.1(M) . 
 Ineligible Solar Assets shall mean, collectively, each Solar Asset that does not satisfy the criteria to be classified as an Eligible Solar Asset. 
 ING shall mean ING Capital LLC. 
 Initial Class B Lender shall mean any Lender that is a Class B Lender as of August 31, 2023. 
 Initial Solar Asset shall mean each Solar Asset listed on the Schedule of Solar Assets as of the Original Closing Date. 
 Insolvency Event shall mean, with respect to any Person 
 (i) the commencement of (a) a voluntary case by such Person under the Bankruptcy Code or (b) the seeking of relief by such Person under other Debtor Relief Laws in any jurisdiction outside of the United States 
 (ii) the commencement of an involuntary case against such Person under the Bankruptcy Code (or other Debtor Relief Laws) and the petition is not controverted or dismissed within sixty (60) days after commencement of the case 
 (iii) a custodian (as defined in the Bankruptcy Code) (or equal term under any other Debtor Relief Law) is appointed for, or takes charge of, all or substantially all of the property of such Person 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-40 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

(iv) such Person commences (including by way of applying for or consenting to the appointment of, or the taking of possession by, a rehabilitator, receiver, custodian, trustee, conservator or liquidator (or any equal term under any other Debtor Relief Laws) (collectively, a conservator of such Person or all or any substantial portion of its property) any other proceeding under any reorganization, arrangement, adjustment of debt, relief of debtors, dissolution, insolvency, liquidation, rehabilitation, conservatorship or similar law of any jurisdiction whether now or hereafter in effect relating to such Person 
 (v) such Person is adjudicated by a court of competent jurisdiction to be insolvent or bankrupt 
 (vi) any order of relief or other order approving any such case or proceeding referred to in clauses (i) or (ii) above is entered 
 (vii) such Person suffers any appointment of any conservator or the like for it or any substantial part of its property that continues undischarged or unstayed for a period of sixty (60) days or 
 (viii) such Person makes a compromise, arrangement or assignment for the benefit of creditors or generally does not pay its debts as such debts become due. 
 Intended Collateral Sale Date shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.4(B) . 
 Interconnection Agreement shall mean, with respect to a PV System, a contractual obligation with a utility that allows such PV System to interconnect to the utility electrical grid. 
 Interest Accrual Period shall mean for each Payment Date, the period from and including the immediately preceding Payment Date to but excluding such Payment Date except that the Interest Accrual Period for the initial Payment Date shall be the actual number of days from and including the Original Closing Date to, but excluding, the initial Payment Date provided, however , that with respect to any application of Distributable Collections pursuant to Section 2.7(B) on a Business Day other than a Payment Date, the Interest Accrual Period shall mean the period from and including the immediately preceding Payment Date to but excluding such Business Day. 
 Interest Distribution Amount shall mean, individually or collectively as the context may require, the Class A Interest Distribution Amount, the Class B Interest Distribution Amount, the Additional Interest Distribution Amount, if any, the Class A Subordinated Interest Distribution Amount, if any, and the Class B Subordinated Interest Distribution Amount, if any. For the avoidance of doubt, the Interest Distribution Amount shall not constitute Confidential Information. 
 Intermediate Holdco shall mean Sunnova Intermediate Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-41 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Internal Revenue Code shall mean the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the same may be amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor statute, and the rules and regulations thereunder, as the same are from time to time in effect. 
 Inverter shall mean, with respect to a PV System, the necessary device required to convert the variable direct electrical current (DC) output from a Solar Photovoltaic Panel into a utility frequency alternating electrical current (AC) that can be used by the related property, or that can be fed back into a utility electrical grid pursuant to an Interconnection Agreement. 
 Invested Capital Payment Amount shall have the meaning mean, with respect to each applicable Lender, the Invested Capital Payment Amount set forth in the applicable Fee Letter referred to in clause (iii) of the definition thereof between the Borrower and such Lender . 
 Invested Capital Payment Date shall have the meaning mean, with respect to each applicable Lender, the Invested Capital Payment Date set forth in the applicable Fee Letter referred to in clause (iii) of the definition thereof between the Borrower and such Lender . 
 ISDA Definitions shall mean the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. 
 ITC Buyer shall mean a purchaser of Tax Credits under an ITC Transfer Agreement. 
 ITC Transfer shall mean transfer of Tax Credits. 
 ITC Transfer Agreement shall mean collectively, each purchase and sale agreement, pursuant to which a Financing Fund sells and transfers Tax Credits to an ITC Buyer, set forth under the heading ITC Transfer Agreements on Schedule VIII plus any ITC Transfer Agreements permitted pursuant to Section 5.3(M). 
 ITC Transfer Proceeds shall mean the proceeds received by any Financing Fund pursuant to an ITC Transfer Agreement. 
 Law shall mean any law (including common law), constitution, statute, treaty, regulation, rule, ordinance, order, guideline, judgment, injunction, writ, decree or award of any Governmental Authority. 
 Lease Agreement shall mean an agreement between the owner of the PV System and a Host Customer whereby the Host Customer leases a PV System from such owner for fixed or escalating monthly payments. 
 Lender Affiliate shall mean, as applied to any Lender or Administrative Agent, any Approved Fund or Person directly or indirectly controlling (including any member of senior management of such Person), controlled by, or under common control with, such Lender or 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-42 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Administrative Agent. For the purposes of this definition, control (including, with correlative meanings, the terms controlling, controlled by and under common control with ), as applied to any Person, means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power (a) to vote 20 or more of the securities having ordinary voting power for the election of directors of such Person or (b) to direct or cause the direction of the management and policies of that Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities or by contract or otherwise provided, however, the Apollo Entities (as defined in the definition of Approved Fund and any entity that an Apollo Entity administers, advises, sub-advises, services or manages (other than the Atlas Entities) shall be excluded from the definition of Lender Affiliate . 
 Lender Group shall mean, individually or collectively as the context may require, each Class A Lender Group and each Class B Lender Group, as applicable. 
 Lender Group Percentage shall mean, individually or collectively as the context may require, each Class A Lender Group Percentage and each Class B Lender Group Percentage, as applicable. 
 Lender Representative shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.16(B) . 
 Lenders shall have the meaning set forth in the introductory paragraph hereof. 
 Letter of Credit shall mean any letter of credit issued by an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank and provided by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent in lieu of or in substitution for moneys otherwise required to be deposited in the Liquidity Reserve Account or the Supplemental Reserve Account, as applicable, which Letter of Credit is to be held as an asset of the Liquidity Reserve Account or the Supplemental Reserve Account, as applicable, and which satisfies each of the following criteria (i) the related account party of which is not the Borrower, (ii) is issued for the benefit of the Paying Agent, (iii) has a stated expiration date of at least one hundred eighty (180) days from the date of determination (taking into account any automatic renewal rights), (iv) is payable in Dollars in immediately available funds to the Paying Agent upon the delivery of a draw certificate duly executed by the Paying Agent stating that (A) such draw is required pursuant to Section 8.2(C) or Section 8.2(D) , as applicable, or (B) the issuing bank ceased to be an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank and the Letter of Credit has not been extended or replaced with a Letter of Credit issued by an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank within ten (10) Business Days such issuing bank ceasing to be an Eligible Letter of Credit Bank, (v) the funds of any draw request submitted by the Paying Agent in accordance with Section 8.2(C) and Section 8.2(D) will be made available in cash no later than two (2) Business Days after the Paying Agent submits the applicable drawing documents to the related Eligible Letter of Credit Bank, and (vi) that has been reviewed by the Administrative Agent and otherwise contains terms and conditions that are acceptable to the Administrative Agent. For purposes of determining the amount on deposit in the Liquidity Reserve Account or the Supplemental Reserve Account, as applicable, the Letter of Credit shall be valued at the amount as of any date then available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. 
 Lien shall mean any mortgage, deed of trust, pledge, lien, security interest, charge or other encumbrance or security arrangement of any nature whatsoever, whether voluntarily or 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-43 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

involuntarily given, including any conditional sale or title retention arrangement, and any assignment, deposit arrangement or lease intended as, or having the effect of, security and any filed financing statement or other notice of any of the foregoing (whether or not a lien or other encumbrance is created or exists at the time of the filing). 
 Limited Consent (July 2023) shall mean that certain Limited Consent to Amended and Restated Credit Agreement (Backleverage) dated as of July 26, 2023, among the Borrower, the Lenders party thereto, the Funding Agents party thereto and the Administrative Agent. 
 Liquidated Damages Amount shall have the meaning set forth in the Sale and Contribution Agreement. 
 Liquidation Fee shall mean for any Interest Accrual Period for which a reduction of the principal balance of the relevant Advance is made for any reason, on any day other than the last day of such Interest Accrual Period, the amount, if any, by which (A) the additional interest (calculated without taking into account any Liquidation Fee or any shortened duration of such Interest Accrual Period) which would have accrued during the portion of such Interest Accrual Period for which the cost of funding had been established prior to such reduction of the principal balance on the portion of the principal balance so reduced, exceeds (B) the income, if any, received by the Conduit Lender or the Non-Conduit Lender which holds such Advance from the investment of the proceeds of such reductions of principal balance for the portion of such Interest Accrual Period for which the cost of funding had been established prior to such reduction of the principal balance. A statement as to the amount of any Liquidation Fee (including the computation of such amount) shall be submitted by the affected Conduit Lender or the Non-Conduit Lender to the Borrower and shall be prima facie evidence of the matters to which it relates for the purpose of any litigation or arbitration proceedings, absent manifest error or fraud. Such statement shall be submitted five (5) Business Days prior to such amount being due. 
 Liquidity Agreement shall mean any agreement entered into by a Conduit Lender providing for the sale by such Conduit Lender of Advances (or portions thereof), or the making of loans or other extensions of credit to such Conduit Lender secured by security interests in specified Advances (or portions thereof), to support all or part of such Conduit Lender s payment obligations under the Commercial Paper Notes or to provide an alternate means of funding such Lender s investments in accounts receivable or other financial assets arising out of or in connection with the Loans or under the Commercial Paper Notes. 
 Liquidity Commitment means shall mean , as to each Non-Conduit in any Lender Group, its commitment to such Lender Group s Conduit Lenders under the Liquidity Agreements. 
 Liquidity Funding means (i) a purchase made by any Non-Conduit pursuant to its Liquidity Commitment of all or any portion of, or any undivided interest in, an applicable Conduit Lender s Advances, (ii) any Advance made by a Non-Conduit in lieu of such Conduit Lender pursuant to Article II or (iii) any purchase of an Advance made by a Non-Conduit pursuant to Section 10.8 . 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-44 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Liquidity Reserve Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(A)(iii) . 
 Liquidity Reserve Account Required Balance shall mean on any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (i) the product of (a) 6 3 times (b) the then applicable Net Interest Obligations, if any, (ii) the Final Stage Solar Asset Reserve Amount, (iii) the Substantial Stage Date Solar Asset Reserve Amount, (iv) the First Payment Date Reserve Amount, (v) the New Construction Final Stage Solar Asset Reserve Amount and (vi) the New Construction Substantial Stage Date Solar Asset Reserve Amount. 
 Loan Note shall mean, individually or collectively as the context may require, each Class A Loan Note and each Class B Loan Note, as applicable. 
 MA SMART Revenue shall mean any revenue received by any Financing Fund or SAP under the SMART Program and pursuant to the SMART Tariff. 
 Major Actions shall mean the actions described in the provisions set forth under the heading Major Actions on Schedule VIII hereto. 
 Majority Class B Lenders shall mean, as of any date of determination, Class B Lenders having Class B Advances exceeding fifty percent (50 of all outstanding Class B Advances provided, that so long as LibreMax Capital, LLC, its Affiliates, any funds managed by LibreMax Capital, LLC or its Affiliates or any related Conduit Lender with respect to LibreMax Capital, LLC, its Affiliates or funds managed by LibreMax Capital, LLC (the foregoing collectively referred to herein as the LibreMax Related Parties holds any Class B Advances or Class B Commitments, Majority Class B Lenders shall include such LibreMax Related Parties holding such Class B Advances or Class B Commitments hereunder. 
 Majority Lenders shall mean, as of any date of determination, (i) unless and until all Obligations owing to any Class A Lender solely in its capacity as a Class A Lender have been reduced to zero, Class A Lenders having Class A Advances exceeding fifty percent (50 of all outstanding Class A Advances, and (ii) at any time on and after all Obligations owing to each Class A Lender solely in its capacity as Class A Lender have been reduced to zero, Class B Lenders having Class B Advances exceeding fifty percent (50 of all outstanding Class B Advances provided, that (w) in the event that no Advances are outstanding as of such date, Majority Lenders shall mean Class A Lenders having Class A Commitments exceeding fifty percent (50 of all outstanding Class A Commitments, (x) so long as Atlas, its Affiliates, any Lender in the Atlas Lender Group or any related Conduit Lender with respect to Atlas, any Lender in the Atlas Group or their respective Affiliates (the foregoing collectively referred to herein as the Atlas Related Parties holds at least twenty percent (20 of Class A Advances or, if no Obligations are owing to any Class A Lender, Class B Advances or, if no Obligations are owing to any Lender, Majority Lenders shall include such Atlas Related Party, (y) so long as Barclays, its Affiliates or any related Conduit Lender with respect to Barclays or its Affiliates (the foregoing collectively referred to herein as the Barclays Related Parties holds at least twenty percent (20 of Class A Advances or, if no Obligations are owing to any Class A Lender, Class B Advances or, if no Obligations are owing to any Lender, Majority Lenders shall include such Barclays Related Party and (z) at any time there are two or less Class A 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-45 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Lenders, the term Majority Lenders shall mean all Class A Lenders holding at least twenty percent (20 of Class A Advances provided , further , that in all events, the Administrative Agent shall promptly notify the Lenders other than the Majority Lenders of (x) any request for consent of the Majority Lenders hereunder and (y) the response of the Majority Lenders to such request, and, upon request by any Lender other than the Majority Lenders, a written explanation of any grant or denial of such request for consent. For the purposes of determining the number of Lenders in the foregoing proviso, Affiliates of a Lender shall constitute the same Lender. The total Advances and Commitments of any Defaulting Lender shall be disregarded in determining Majority Lenders at any time. 
 Management Agreement shall mean, collectively, each document set forth under the heading Management Agreements on Schedule VIII hereto provided that Management Agreement shall include each replacement thereof with a Replacement Services Provider, in each case, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or modified from time to time . 
 Manager shall mean, collectively, each entity set forth under the heading Managers on Schedule VIII hereto . provided that, with respect to any Servicing Agreement or Management Agreement, a reference to the Manager thereunder shall refer to any applicable Replacement Services Provider providing services under such Servicing Agreement or Management Agreement. 
 Manager Fee shall mean the fees, expenses and other amounts owed to the Manager pursuant to the Management Agreements. 
 Managing Member shall mean, collectively, each entity set forth under the heading Managing Members on Schedule VIII hereto. 
 Managing Member Distributions shall mean all distributions and payments in any form made, or due to be made, to the Managing Members or the Borrower in connection with its ownership interest in the Managing Member Interests, except for Service Incentives, Grid Services Revenue, ITC Transfer Proceeds and SREC Direct Sale Proceeds. 
 Managing Member Distributions Payment Level shall mean, for any Collection Period, the quotient (expressed as a percentage) of (i) the sum of all Managing Member Distributions actually received in the Collection Account during such Collection Period, divided by (ii) the Scheduled Managing Member Distributions during such Collection Period. 
 Managing Member Interests shall mean, collectively, the Managing Members interest in 100 of the interests listed under the heading Managing Member Interests on Schedule VIII hereto. 
 Manufacturer s Warranty shall mean any warranty given by a manufacturer of a PV System relating to such PV System or any part or component thereof. 
 Margin Stock shall have the meaning set forth in Regulation U. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-46 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Master SAP Contribution Agreement shall mean that certain Amended and Restated Master SAP Contribution Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, by and among the Assignors and SAP Seller. 
 Master Purchase Agreement shall mean, collectively, each document set forth under the heading Master Purchase Agreements on Schedule VIII hereto. 
 Material Adverse Effect shall mean, any event or circumstance having a material adverse effect on any of the following (i) the business, property, operations or financial condition of the Borrower, the Facility Administrator, the Parent, SEI, a Financing Fund, a Managing Member or SAP, (ii) the ability of the Borrower , or the Facility Administrator or the Parent to perform its respective obligations under the Transaction Documents (including the obligation of the Borrower to pay interest that is due and payable or the Parent to pay the Guaranteed Obligations (as defined in the Parent Guaranty) in accordance with the Parent Guaranty ), (iii) the validity or enforceability of, or the legal right to collect amounts due under or with respect to, a material portion or more of the Eligible Solar Assets, or (iv) the priority or enforceability of any liens in favor of the Administrative Agent. 
 Maturity Date shall mean the earliest to occur of (i) the Facility Maturity Date, (ii) the occurrence of an Event of Default and declaration of all amounts due in accordance with Section 6.2(B) and (iii) the date of any voluntary termination of the Facility by the Borrower provided that the Maturity Date may be extended in accordance with Section 2.16 . 
 Maximum Facility Amount shall mean . 
 Minimum Payoff Amount shall mean, with respect to a Takeout Transaction, an amount of proceeds equal to the sum of (i) the product of the aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance or the Collateral subject to such Takeout Transaction times the Effective Advance Rate then in effect plus (ii) any accrued interest with respect to the amount of principal of Advances being prepaid in connection with such Takeout Transaction, plus (iii) any fees due and payable to any Lender or the Administrative Agent with respect to such Takeout Transaction plus (iv) any other amounts owed by the Borrower and required to be paid pursuant to Section 2.7(B) on the date of such Takeout Transaction provided that if such Takeout Transaction is being undertaken to cure an Event of Default, then the Minimum Payoff Amount shall include such additional proceeds as are necessary to cure such Event of Default, if any. 
 Moody s shall mean Moody s Investors Service, Inc., or any successor rating agency. 
 Multi-Employer Plan shall mean a multi-employer plan, as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or has within any of the preceding five plan years made or accrued an obligation to make contributions or had liability with respect to. 
 Multiple Employer Plan shall mean a Single-Employer Plan, to which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate, and one or more employers other than the Borrower or an ERISA Affiliate, is making or accruing an obligation to make contributions or, in the event that any such plan has 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-47 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

been terminated, to which the Borrower or an ERISA Affiliate made or accrued an obligation to make contributions during any of the five plan years preceding the date of termination of such plan. 
 MUFG shall mean MUFG Bank, Ltd. 
 Nationally Recognized Accounting Firm shall mean (A) PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP, Ernst & Young LLP, KPMG LLC, Deloitte LLP and any successors to any such firm and (B) any other public accounting firm designated by the Parent and approved by the Administrative Agent, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed. 
 Net Cash Flow shall mean for any Collection Period (i) with respect to the Managing Member Interests (A) the Scheduled Managing Member Distributions minus (B) the sum of (x) the Tax Equity Investor Distribution Reduction Amount for such Collection period and (y) amounts attributable to Solar Assets that were Transferable Solar Assets as of the last day of such Collection Period and (ii) with respect to a SAP Solar Asset (other than a Substantial Stage Solar Asset), an amount equal to (A) the sum of (x) the Scheduled Host Customer Payment for such SAP Solar Asset during such Collection Period, plus (y) the Scheduled PBI Payments for such SAP Solar Asset during such Collection Period minus (B) the Operational Amounts for such Collection Period. For the avoidance of doubt, Net Cash Flow shall not include Service Incentives, Grid Services Revenue, ITC Transfer Proceeds, SREC Direct Sale Proceeds or Excess SREC Proceeds. The calculation of Net Cash Flow shall be set forth in the Advance Model. 
 Net Hedge Counterparty Payments shall mean, with respect to any date of determination, an amount (positive or negative) equal to (i) all proceeds anticipated to be received by the Borrower from a Hedge Counterparty under each Hedge Agreement minus (ii) all amounts anticipated to be paid by the Borrower in connection with Section 2.7(B)(ii) , in each case, in connection with the immediately succeeding Payment Date, as agreed to by the Administrative Agent. For the avoidance of doubt, Net Hedge Counterparty Payments will not include any payments made or received by the Borrower in connection with new Hedge Agreements entered pursuant to the Hedge Requirements, termination of existing Hedge Agreements or modifications of existing Hedge Agreements. 
 Net Interest Obligations shall mean with respect to any date of determination (i) the sum of the Class A Interest Distribution Amount, the Class B Interest Distribution Amount, the Class A Subordinated Interest Distribution Amount, the Class B Subordinated Interest Distribution Amount, the Class A Additional Interest Distribution Amount and the Class B Additional Interest Distribution Amount, if any, due and payable on the immediately succeeding Payment Date minus (ii) the then applicable Net Hedge Counterparty Payments. 
 Net Scheduled Payment shall mean, with respect to a Host Customer Solar Asset and PBI Solar Asset and any Collection Period an amount equal to (i) the sum of (A) the Scheduled Host Customer Payment for such Host Customer Solar Asset during such Collection Period, plus (B) the Scheduled PBI Payments for such Host Customer Solar Asset during such Collection Period, minus (ii) the sum of (A) the Manager Fee allocated with respect to such Host Customer 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-48 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Solar Asset during such Collection Period and (B) the Servicing Fee allocated with respect to such Host Customer Solar Asset during such Collection Period. 
 New Construction Final Stage Solar Asset Reserve Amount shall mean, as of any date of determination, the product of (i) times (ii) the then applicable Net Interest Obligations times (iii) the ratio of (x) the aggregate principal balance of all Advances related to Final Stage Solar Assets that are New Construction Solar Assets as of such date divided by (y) the Aggregate Outstanding Advances as of such date. 
 New Construction Solar Asset shall mean a Host Customer Solar Asset for which the related PV System is installed, or planned to be installed, on a newly constructed residential building (including Single-Family Residential Properties, multi-family homes, clubhouses or apartment buildings). 
 New Construction Solar Asset Event Ratio shall mean, as of any Calculation Date, the ratio of (x) the aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance of all New Construction Solar Assets that do not, as of such Calculation Date, qualify as Eligible Solar Assets as a result of the failure to meet the requirements set forth in paragraphs 39 or 40 of Schedule I to (y) the aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance of all New Construction Solar Assets that have been Placed in Service. For the purposes of calculating the New Construction Solar Asset Event Ratio, any determination of whether a New Construction Solar Asset qualifies as an Eligible Solar Asset shall not take into account whether such New Construction Solar Asset fails to meet the requirements set forth on Schedule I other than the requirements set forth in paragraphs 39 or 40 thereof. The New Construction Solar Asset Event Ratio shall be included in each Facility Administrator Report. 
 New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer) shall mean a New Construction Solar Asset with respect to which a Solar Service Agreement has not yet been signed and delivered to the Verification Agent. 
 New Construction Solar Asset (Sub-PV6) shall mean a New Construction Solar Asset (other than a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer)) with respect to which the mandatory prepayment amount in the related Solar Service Agreement is less than an amount determined by the discounting of all remaining projected Host Customer Payments at a pre-determined discount rate of 6.00 per annum. 
 New Construction Substantial Stage Date Solar Asset Reserve Amount shall mean, as of any date of determination, the product of (i) 11 3 times (ii) the then applicable Net Interest Obligations times (iii) the ratio of (x) the aggregate principal balance of all Advances related to Substantial Stage Solar Assets that are New Construction Solar Assets as of such date divided by (y) the Aggregate Outstanding Advances as of such date. 
 New Jersey TREC shall mean transition renewable energy certificates administered by the State of New Jersey in accordance with the State of New Jersey, Board of Public Utilities Docket No. QO19010068, adopted December 6, 2019. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-49 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

NOL shall mean net operating losses. 
 Non-Conduit Lender shall mean each Lender that is not a Conduit Lender. 
 Non-Consenting Lender shall mean any (i) Class A Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) requires the approval of all or all affected Lenders in accordance with the terms of Section 10.2 and (b) has been approved by the Majority Lenders and (ii) Class B Lender that does not approve any consent, waiver or amendment that (a) has been approved by all other Lenders and (b) is not materially adverse to the Class B Lender. 
 Non-Savings Product shall mean any Host Customer Solar Asset that is not a Savings Product. 
 Notice of Borrowing shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.4 . 
 Obligations shall mean and include, with respect to each of the Borrower, SAP or the Managing Members, respectively, all loans, advances, debts, liabilities, obligations, covenants and duties owing by such Person to the Administrative Agent, any Funding Agent, the Paying Agent or any Lender of any kind or nature, present or future, arising under this Agreement, the Loan Notes, the Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, the Subsidiary Guaranty, any of the other Transaction Documents or any other instruments, documents or agreements executed and or delivered in connection with any of the foregoing, whether or not for the payment of money, whether arising by reason of an extension of credit, the issuance of a letter of credit, a loan, guaranty, indemnification or in any other manner, whether direct or indirect (including those acquired by assignment), absolute or contingent, due or to become due, now existing or hereafter arising. The term includes the principal amount of all Advances, together with interest, charges, expenses, fees, attorneys and paralegals fees and expenses, any other sums chargeable to the Borrower under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document pursuant to which it arose. 
 Officer s Certificate shall mean a certificate signed by an authorized officer of an entity. 
 Operational Amounts shall mean amounts necessary for SAP to pay the Manager for O&M Services and Servicing Services and the back-up servicer for services under the Servicing Agreement listed on Schedule IX hereto, in each case, related to Solar Assets owned by SAP. 
 Original Closing Date shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 
 Original Credit Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the Recitals. 
 Other Connection Taxes shall mean, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (other than connections arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to or enforced any 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-50 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Transaction Document, or sold or assigned an interest in any Solar Asset or Transaction Document). 
 Other Taxes shall mean all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Transaction Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment. 
 O&M Services shall mean the services required to be performed by the Manager pursuant to the terms of each Management Agreement, including all administrative, operations, maintenance, collection and other management services with respect to the related Solar Assets, maintaining required insurance and collecting sales and use taxes payable by Host Customers under their Solar Service Agreements. 
 Parent shall mean Sunnova Energy Corporation, a Delaware corporation. 
 Parent Guaranty shall mean the Third Fourth Amended and Restated Parent Guaranty, dated as of the Second Amendment and Restatement No. 3 Effective Date, by the Parent in favor of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. 
 Parent Refinancing shall mean the Parent amends, amends and restates, supplements or otherwise modifies or refinances or otherwise replaces the Parent s 2026 Bonds and the effect of which is to extend the maturity date thereunder to a date is that no earlier than December 1, 2027. 
 Parent s 2026 Bonds shall mean, collectively, (i) those certain 5.875 Senior Notes due 2026 under that certain Indenture, dated as of August 17, 2021, by and among Parent, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time and (ii) those certain 0.25 Convertible Senior Notes due 2026 under that certain Indenture, dated as of September 26, 2023, by and among Parent, the Guarantors (as defined therein) and WTNA, as trustee, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 Participant shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.8 . 
 Participant Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.8 . 
 Parts shall mean components of a PV System. 
 Patriot Act shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.18 . 
 Paying Agent shall mean Computershare Trust Company, National Association, not in its individual capacity, but solely as paying agent, or any successor Paying Agent appointed pursuant to Section 9.6 . 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-51 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Paying Agent Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(A)( v vi . 
 Paying Agent Fee shall mean a fee payable by the Borrower to the Paying Agent as set forth in the Paying Agent Fee Letter. 
 Paying Agent Fee Letter shall mean that certain letter agreement, dated as of August 22, 2019, between the Borrower and the Paying Agent. 
 Paying Agent Indemnified Parties shall have the meaning set forth in Section 9.5 . 
 Payment Date shall mean the 30th day of each October, January, April and July or, if such 30th day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day, commencing October 2019. 
 Payment Facilitation Agreement shall mean each modification, waiver or amendment agreement (including a replacement Solar Service Agreement) entered into by the Manager in accordance with a Servicing Agreement relating to a Solar Service Agreement. 
 Payment Recipient shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.24(A). 
 PBI Documents shall mean, with respect to a PV System, (i) all applications, forms and other filings required to be submitted to a PBI Obligor in connection with the performance based incentive program maintained by such PBI Obligor and the procurement of PBI Payments, and (ii) all approvals, agreements and other writings evidencing (a) that all conditions to the payment of PBI Payments by the PBI Obligor have been met, (b) that the PBI Obligor is obligated to pay PBI Payments and (c) the rate and timing of such PBI Payments. 
 PBI Liquidated Damages shall mean any liquidated damages due and payable to a PBI Obligor in respect of a Solar Asset. 
 PBI Obligor shall mean a utility or Governmental Authority that maintains or administers a renewable energy program designed to incentivize the installation of PV Systems and use of solar generated electricity that has approved and is obligated to make PBI Payments to the owner of the related PV System. 
 PBI Payments shall mean, with respect to a PV System and the related PBI Documents, all payments due by the related PBI Obligor under or in respect of such PBI Documents, including New Jersey TRECs and MA SMART Revenue provided, that PBI Payments do not include Rebates, Hedged SRECs, amounts received, if any, in respect of Hedged SRECs, Service Incentives, Grid Services Revenue or ITC Transfer Proceeds. 
 PBI Solar Assets shall mean (i) all rights and remedies of the payee under any PBI Documents related to such PV System, including all PBI Payments on and after the related Transfer Date and (ii) all documentation in the Solar Asset File and other documents held by the Verification Agent related to such than PBI Documents. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-52 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Performance Guaranty shall mean, with respect to a PV System, an agreement in the form of a production warranty between the Host Customer and Parent (or in some cases, between the Host Customer and the owner of the Solar Asset), which the Facility Administrator has agreed to perform on behalf of the Borrower that specifies a minimum level of solar energy production, as measured in kWh, for a specified time period. Such guarantees stipulate the terms and conditions under which the Host Customer could be compensated if their PV System does not meet the electricity production guarantees. 
 Permission to Operate shall mean, with respect to any PV System, receipt of a letter or functional equivalent from the connecting utility authorizing such PV System to be operated , in each case to the extent required by the applicable Governmental Authority . 
 Permits shall mean, with respect to any PV System, the applicable permits, franchises, leases, orders, licenses, notices, certifications, approvals, exemptions, qualifications, rights or authorizations from or registration, notice or filing with any Governmental Authority required to operate such PV System. 
 Permitted Assignee shall mean (a) any Lender, (b) any Lender Affiliate, (c) any Approved Fund, and (d) any Program Support Provider for any Conduit Lender, an Affiliate of any Program Support Provider, or any commercial paper conduit administered, sponsored or managed by a Lender or to which a Non-Conduit Lender provides liquidity support, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender or with respect to which the related Program Support Provider of such commercial paper conduit is a Lender. 
 Permitted Equity Liens shall mean the ownership interest of the related Tax Equity Investor in the related Tax Equity Facility and in each case arising under the related Financing Fund LLCA. 
 Permitted Indebtedness shall mean (i) Indebtedness under the Transaction Documents, and (ii) to the extent constituting Indebtedness, reimbursement obligations of the Borrower owed to the Borrower in connection with the payment of expenses incurred in the ordinary course of business in connection with the financing, management, operation or maintenance of the Solar Assets or the Transaction Documents. 
 Permitted Investments shall mean any one or more of the following obligations or securities (i)(a) direct interest bearing obligations of, and interest-bearing obligations guaranteed as to payment of principal and interest by, the United States or any agency or instrumentality of the United States the obligations of which are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States (b) direct interest-bearing obligations of, and interest-bearing obligations guaranteed as to payment of principal and interest by, the Federal National Mortgage Association or the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, but only if, at the time of investment, such obligations are assigned the highest credit rating by S and (c) evidence of ownership of a proportionate interest in specified obligations described in clause (a) and or (b) above (ii) demand, time deposits, money market deposit accounts, certificates of deposit of and federal funds sold by, depository institutions or trust companies incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof (or domestic branches of foreign banks), 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-53 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

subject to supervision and examination by federal or state banking or depository institution authorities, and having, at the time of a relevant Borrower s investment or contractual commitment to invest therein, a short term unsecured debt rating of A-1 by S (iii) securities bearing interest or sold at a discount issued by any corporation incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof which have a rating of no less than A-1+ by S&P and a maturity of no more than 365 days (iv) commercial paper (including both non-interest bearing discount obligations and interest-bearing obligations payable on demand or on a specified date not more than one year after the closing date thereof) of any corporation (other than the Parent), incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof, that, at the time of the investment or contractual commitment to invest therein, a rating of A-1 by S (v) money market mutual funds, or any other mutual funds registered under the 1940 Act which invest only in other Permitted Investments, having a rating, at the time of such investment, in the highest rating category by S (vi) money market deposit accounts, demand deposits, time deposits or certificates of deposit of any depository institution or trust company incorporated under the laws of the United States of America or any state thereof and subject to supervision and examination by federal or state banking or depository institution authorities provided , however , that at the time of the investment or contractual commitment to invest therein, the commercial paper or other short-term unsecured debt obligations (other than such obligations the rating of which is based on the credit of a Person other than such depository institution or trust company) thereof will be rated A-1+ by S&P, including proprietary money market funds offered or managed by the Paying Agent or an Affiliate thereof (vii) repurchase agreements with respect to obligations of, or guaranteed as to principal and interest by, the United States of America or any agency or instrumentality thereof when such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the United States of America provided , however , that the unsecured obligations of the party agreeing to repurchase such obligations at the time have a credit rating of no less than the A-1 by S and (viii) any investment agreement (including guaranteed investment certificates, forward delivery agreements, repurchase agreements or similar obligations) with an entity which on the date of acquisition has a credit rating of no less than the A-1 by S&P, in each case denominated in or redeemable in Dollars. 
 Permitted Investor shall mean collectively, Energy Capital Partners III, LP, Energy Capital Partners III-A, LP, Energy Capital Partners III-B, LP, Energy Capital Partners III-C, LP and Energy Capital Partners-D, LP, Quantum Strategic Partners, and each of their Permitted Transferees (as defined in the Investors Agreement, dated as of March 29, 2018, by and among the Parent and the other signatories thereto). 
 Permitted Liens shall mean (i) any lien for taxes, assessments and governmental charges or levies owed by the applicable asset owner and not yet due and payable or which are being contested in good faith, (ii) Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent (or in favor of the Borrower and created pursuant to the Transaction Documents), (iii) solely in the case of Substantial Stage Solar Assets and Final Stage Solar Assets, workmen s, mechanic s, or similar statutory Liens securing obligations owing to approved Dealers (or subcontractors of Dealers) which are not yet due or for which reserves in accordance with GAAP have been established provided that any such Solar Asset shall be classified as a Defective Solar Asset if not resolved within sixty (60) days of such Solar Asset receiving Permission to Operate from the applicable Governmental Authority, (iv) Liens on cash collateral or other liquid assets in favor of Eligible 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-54 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Hedged SREC Counterparties securing Hedged SREC Credit Support Obligations that constitute Permitted Indebtedness, (v) to the extent a PV System constitutes a fixture, any conflicting interest of an encumbrancer or owner of the real property that has or would have priority over the applicable UCC fixture filing (or jurisdictional equivalent) so long as the existence of such conflicting interest does not or would not reasonably be expected to adversely affect the payments of the Host Customer under the related Solar Service Agreement and (vi) any rights of Host Customers under Solar Service Agreements. 
 Person shall mean any individual, corporation (including a business trust), partnership, limited liability company, joint-stock company, trust, unincorporated organization or association, joint venture, government or political subdivision or agency thereof, or any other entity. 
 Placed in Service shall mean (a) with respect to a Retrofit Solar Asset, when the underlying PV System has (i) received of Permission to Operate, and (ii) produced meterable quantities of electricity, and (b) with respect to a New Construction Solar Asset, upon the latest to occur of (1) the PV System s receipt of Permission to Operate and production of measurable quantities of electricity, (2) a Host Customer signing a Solar Service Agreement and (3) other than with respect to clubhouses, the closing of the sale of the related property to the such Host Customer. 
 Placed in Service Failure Period shall mean a period commencing on any Calculation Date when the New Construction Solar Asset Event Ratio is equal to or greater than for the related Collection Period and ending on the next succeeding Calculation Date when the New Construction Solar Asset Event Ratio is less than for the related Collection Period provided , that no Placed in Service Failure Period shall be in effect if the New Construction Solar Asset Event Ratio is equal to or greater than for a Collection Period immediately succeeding a Takeout Transaction that includes a material portion of New Construction Solar Assets included in the Borrowing Base immediately prior to such Takeout Transaction (as determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion). 
 Plan shall mean an employee pension benefit plan which is covered by Title IV of ERISA or subject to the minimum funding standards under Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code as to which the Borrower or any Affiliate may have any liability now or in the past six years. 
 Plan Asset Threshold shall mean of the value of the Class B Advances, Class B Commitments and other transactions under this Agreement related to the Class B Advances, as determined in accordance with the regulations set forth in 29 CFR 2510.3-101, as modified by Section 3(42) of ERISA. 
 Pledge Agreement shall mean the Second Amended and Restated Pledge Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, by TEP Resources, the Borrower and the Managing Members in favor of the Administrative Agent. 
 Portal Provider shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.3(E) . 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-55 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Potential Amortization Event shall mean any occurrence or event that, with notice, passage of time or both, would constitute an Amortization Event. 
 Potential Default shall mean any occurrence or event that, with notice, passage of time or both, would constitute an Event of Default. 
 Power Purchase Agreement shall mean either a Power Purchase Agreement (Fixed Fee) or a Power Purchase Agreement (Variable Fee), as the context requires. 
 Power Purchase Agreement (Fixed Fee) shall mean an agreement between the owner of the PV System and a Host Customer whereby the Host Customer agrees to purchase electricity produced by such PV System for a fixed fee per kWh. 
 Power Purchase Agreement (Variable Fee) shall mean an agreement between the owner of the PV System and a Host Customer whereby the Host Customer agrees to purchase electricity produced by such PV System for a variable fee per kWh. 
 Prepaid Solar Asset shall mean a Solar Asset for which the related Host Customer has prepaid all amounts under the related Solar Service Agreement. 
 Projected Purchase Option Price shall mean, with respect to a Purchase Option, an amount estimated by the related Managing Member and agreed upon by the Administrative Agent on or before the Scheduled Commitment Termination Date provided , that the Projected Purchase Option Price for any Purchase Option related to a Financing Fund LLC that includes a Financing Fund Withdrawal Right shall be reduced to the extent the related Financing Fund Withdrawal Amount Deposit is then on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account. Should the Availability Period expire before the Scheduled Commitment Termination Date, the Administrative Agent may use its reasonable judgment to estimate the Projected Purchase Option Price. 
 Project Purchase Price means mean, with respect to a Solar Asset, the amount paid by the applicable Financing Fund for each such Solar Asset, as defined in the relevant Tax Equity Financing Documents (including any relevant adjustments or true-up amounts). 
 Program Support Provider shall mean and include any Person now or hereafter extending liquidity or credit or having a commitment to extend liquidity or credit to or for the account of, or to make purchases from, a Conduit Lender (or any related commercial paper issuer that finances such Conduit Lender) in support of commercial paper issued, directly or indirectly, by such Conduit Lender in order to fund Advances made by such Conduit Lender hereunder. 
 Projected SREC Hedge Ratio shall mean, with respect to a state and SREC Year, the quotient (expressed as a percentage) of (i) the sum of all SRECs to be delivered for such SREC Year (or portion of an SREC Year remaining) under Hedged SREC Agreements for such state, divided by (ii) SRECs that are available for delivery in such SREC Year (or portion of an SREC Year remaining) in such state, as calculated by the Administrative Agent provided , that PV Systems owned by the applicable Financing Funds identified in Column F of Schedule XII 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-56 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

hereto will not be included in the calculation of SRECs available for delivery. For the avoidance of doubt, only PV Systems that have been certified for SREC production will be included in the calculation of SRECs available for delivery. 
 PTE shall mean a prohibited transaction class exemption issued by the U.S. Department of Labor, as any such exemption may be amended from time to time. 
 Puerto Rico Solar Asset shall mean a Host Customer Solar Asset for which the related PV System is installed on a residence in Puerto Rico. 
 Purchase Option shall mean, collectively, each purchase option set forth under the heading Purchase Options on Schedule VIII hereto. 
 Purchase Option Price shall have the meaning set forth in the Tax Equity Financing Documents. 
 Purchase Standard shall mean (i) the terms of the related Financing Fund LLCA and the terms of the Transaction Documents to which the Borrower is a party, (ii) the availability of funds in the Supplemental Reserve Account to pay the Purchase Option Price as then projected by the Facility Administrator and (iii) the same degree of analysis that the Borrower and its Affiliates use in determining whether or not to exercise similar purchase options for comparable assets owned by the Borrower and its Affiliates, taking into consideration the best interests of all parties to the Transaction Documents. 
 PV System shall mean, with respect to a Solar Asset, a photovoltaic system, including Solar Photovoltaic Panels, Inverters, Racking Systems, any Energy Storage Systems installed in connection therewith, wiring and other electrical devices, as applicable, conduits, weatherproof housings, hardware, remote monitoring equipment, connectors, meters, disconnects and over current devices (including any replacement or additional parts included from time to time) and any Ancillary PV System Components. 
 PV System Payment shall mean, for any PV System, the total monthly amounts payable under the related Solar Service Agreement multiplied by the PV System Payment Percentage. 
 PV System Payment Percentage shall mean, for any PV System, the quotient (expressed as a percentage) equal to (i) the sum of all costs that relate to the equipment for such PV System (other than any costs related to Ancillary PV System Components and any related Energy Storage System, if applicable) plus the Total Installation Cost, divided by (ii) the Total Equipment Cost plus the Total Installation Cost. 
 QFC shall have the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). 
 QFC Credit Support shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.23 hereof. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-57 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Qualified Professional Asset Manager shall have the meaning set forth in Section 7.23(A)(ii)(b) hereof. 
 Qualified Service Provider shall mean one or more Independent Accountants or, subject to the approval of Administrative Agent, other service providers. 
 Qualifying Hedge Counterparty shall mean (i) a counterparty which at all times satisfies all then applicable counterparty criteria of S&P or Moody s for eligibility to serve as counterparty under a structured finance transaction rated , in the case of S&P or , in the case of Moody s or (ii) an affiliate of any Funding Agent (in which case rating agency counterparty criteria shall not be applicable), provided that , for the avoidance of doubt, the parties hereto agree that as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, Credit Suisse International meets such requirement and will continue to constitute a Qualifying Hedge Counterparty hereunder so long as it continues to meet such requirement. 
 Qualifying Hedge Counterparty Joinder shall mean that certain Joinder Agreement executed by a Hedge Counterparty and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent, a copy of which shall be provided to all Parties to this Agreement. 
 Qualifying Takeout Transaction shall mean a Takeout Transaction pursuant to which the Aggregate Outstanding Advances are repaid in amount equal to or exceeding the lesser of (i) and (ii) of the Aggregate Outstanding Advances immediately prior to giving effect to such Takeout Transaction. 
 Racking System shall mean, with respect to a PV System, the hardware required to mount and securely fasten a Solar Photovoltaic Panel onto the Host Customer site where the PV System is located. 
 Rebate shall mean any rebate by a PBI Obligor, electric distribution company, or state or local governmental authority or quasi-governmental agency as an inducement to install or use a PV System, paid upon such PV System receiving Permission to Operate. 
 Recipient shall mean the Administrative Agent, the Lenders or any other recipient of any payment to be made by or on account of any obligation of the Borrower under this Agreement or any other Transaction Document. 
 Reference Time shall mean, with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark, (i) if such Benchmark is Term SOFR, the SOFR Determination Time, and (ii) if such Benchmark is not Term SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. 
 Register shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.8 . 
 Related Parties shall mean, with respect to any Person, such Person s Affiliates and the directors, officers, employees, agents and advisors of such Person and of such Person s Affiliates. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-58 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Relevant Governmental Body shall mean the Federal Reserve Board and or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and or the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, or any successor of any of the foregoing. 
 Relevant Parties shall mean the Borrower, the Managing Members and SAP. 
 Replacement Services Provider shall mean any applicable Engaged Back-Up O&M and Services Provider or Restructured O&M and Services Provider. 
 Reportable Event shall mean a reportable event as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA and the regulations issued under such Section, with respect to a Plan, excluding, however, such events as to which the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation by regulation or by public notice waived the requirement of Section 4043(a) of ERISA that it be notified within thirty (30) days of the occurrence of such event, provided, that a failure to meet the minimum funding standard of Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code and of Section 302 of ERISA shall be a Reportable Event regardless of the issuance of any such waivers in accordance with either Section 4043(a) of ERISA or Section 412(d) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 Required Borrower Amortization Event Notice shall mean a notice required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent and each Lender pursuant to Section 5.1(A)(v)(a). 
 Required Tax Loss Insurance Coverage Period shall mean the period beginning on the date on which a Tax Loss Insurance Policy is issued to, if prior to the scheduled expiration of a Tax Loss Insurance Policy, the Internal Revenue Service commenced an investigation of a Financing Fund that could result in a Tax Loss Indemnity with respect to such Financing Fund, the date of either (a) the termination of such investigation without a determination by the Internal Revenue Service that results in a Tax Loss Indemnity or (b) a final determination with respect to such investigation and payment of any Tax Loss Indemnity resulting from such final determination. 
 Resolution Authority shall mean an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. 
 Responsible Officer shall mean (x) with respect to the Paying Agent, any President, Vice President, Assistant Vice President, Assistant Secretary, Assistant Treasurer or Corporate Trust Officer, or any other officer in the Corporate Trust Office customarily performing functions similar to those performed by any of the above designated officers, in each case having direct responsibility for the administration of this Agreement or the Facility Administration Agreement, as applicable, and (y) with respect to any other party hereto, any corporation, limited liability company or partnership, the chairman of the board, the president, any vice president, the secretary, the treasurer, any assistant secretary, any assistant treasurer, managing member and each other officer of such corporation or limited liability company or the general partner of such partnership specifically authorized in resolutions of the board of directors of such corporation or managing member of such limited liability company to sign agreements, instruments or other 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-59 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

documents in connection with the Transaction Documents on behalf of such corporation, limited liability company or partnership, as the case may be, and who is authorized to act therefor. 
 Restructured O&M and Services Arrangement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(R). 
 Restructured O&M and Services Provider shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(R). 
 Retrofit Solar Asset shall mean a Host Customer Solar Asset that is not a New Construction Solar Asset. 
 S&P shall mean S&P Global Ratings, a Standard & Poor s Financial Services LLC business, or any successor rating agency. 
 Sale and Contribution Agreement shall mean that certain Second Amended and Restated Sale and Contribution Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, by and among SAP Seller, TEP Resources and the Borrower. 
 Salisbury shall mean Salisbury Receivables Company LLC. 
 SAP shall mean Sunnova SAP IV, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 SAP Contribution Agreement shall mean that certain Amended and Restated Contribution Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, between the Borrower and SAP. 
 SAP Distributions shall mean all distributions and payments in any form made, or due to be made, to the Borrower in connection with its ownership interest in SAP. 
 SAP Financing Documents shall mean the documents listed on Schedule IX hereto. 
 SAP Lockbox Account shall mean account number , established in the name of SAP at Texas Capital Bank, N.A. 
 SAP Lockbox Account Control Agreement shall mean the Deposit Account Control Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2021, by and among Texas Capital Bank, N.A., SAP and the Administrative Agent. 
 SAP NTP Financing Documents shall mean the documents listed on Schedule X hereto. 
 SAP Revenue Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(A)(iv) . 
 SAP Seller shall mean Sunnova TEP OpCo, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 SAP Solar Asset shall mean a Solar Asset owned by SAP. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-60 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

SAP Transfer shall mean a transfer of Solar Assets pursuant to the SAP NTP Financing Documents pursuant to which (i) the SAP Solar Assets subject to such transfer are contemporaneously transferred to a Financing Fund and (ii) after giving effect thereto, no Class A Borrowing Base Deficiency or Class B Borrowing Base Deficiency exists, as demonstrated in a Borrowing Base Certificate delivered by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent no later than two (2) Business Days prior to the SAP Transfer. 
 SAP Transfer Agreement means each transfer agreement entered into by and between SAP and a Financing Fund in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. 
 Savings Product shall mean a Host Customer Solar Asset for which (i) other than with respect to a Puerto Rico Solar Asset and any other Host Customer Solar Assets located in Hawaii, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, or the Northern Mariana Islands, the Sunnova Tracking System specifically identifies (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will specifically identify) amounts payable under the related Solar Service Agreement that relate to the related PV System (other than any Ancillary PV System Components and any related Energy Storage System, if applicable) and the Sunnova Tracking System indicates that such amounts provide for an annual savings against projected utility electricity costs in the first year of such Host Customer Solar Asset, or (ii) with respect to a Puerto Rico Solar Asset and any other Host Customer Solar Assets located in Hawaii, the U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam, or the Northern Mariana Islands, the Sunnova Tracking System indicates (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will indicate) that the aggregate PV System Payments for such Solar Asset provide for an annual savings against projected utility electricity costs in the first year of such Host Customer Solar Asset. 
 Schedule of Solar Assets shall mean, as the context may require, the Schedule of Solar Assets owned by the Financing Funds and SAP, as such schedule may be amended from time to time in connection with the delivery of a Notice of Borrowing. 
 Scheduled Commitment Termination Date shall mean May 20, 2025 2026 or, if such day is not a Business Day, the next succeeding Business Day , unless otherwise extended pursuant to and in accordance with Section 2.16 . 
 Scheduled Hedged SREC Payments shall mean the payments scheduled to be paid by an Eligible Hedged SREC Counterparty during each Collection Period, if any, as set forth in the Advance Model and on Schedule IV hereto, as the same may be updated from time to time. 
 Scheduled Host Customer Payments shall mean for each Solar Asset, the payments scheduled to be paid by a Host Customer during each Collection Period in respect of the initial term of the related Solar Service Agreement, as set forth in the Advance Model and on Schedule V hereto (which scheduled payments, for the avoidance of doubt, subtract any Service Incentives Rebates or Grid Services Customer Payment Amounts owed to a Host Customer), as the same may be updated from time to time and may be adjusted by the Facility Administrator to reflect that such Solar Asset has become a Defaulted Solar Asset, a Defective Solar Asset or if a Payment Facilitation Agreement has been executed in connection with such Solar Asset. The 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-61 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Scheduled Host Customer Payments for any Power Purchase Agreement (Variable Fee) as of any date of determination shall be calculated based on rates published by U.S. Energy Information Administration for the state in which the related PV System is located, escalating at 1 annually and discounted to such date of determination at an annual rate equal to 20 . For the purposes of calculating Scheduled Host Customer Payments with respect to a New Construction Solar Asset (Sub-PV6), the Discounted Solar Asset Balance of such Solar Asset shall be equal to the lesser of (i) the present value of the remaining and unpaid stream of Net Cash Flow on or after such date of determination, based upon discounting such Net Cash Flow to such date of determination at an annual rate equal to the Discount Rate, and (ii) the amount required to be paid by the related Host Customer in connection with a prepayment of amounts under the related Solar Service Agreement. The Scheduled Host Customer Payments exclude any amounts attributable to sales, use or property taxes to be collected from Host Customers and, with respect to any Solar Asset (Promotional Product), the amount of any bill credits provided under the related Solar Service Agreement. 
 Scheduled Managing Member Distributions shall mean forecasted Managing Member Distributions plus (without duplication of the forecasted Managing Member Distributions) the aggregate amount actually disbursed to Dealers for services rendered in respect of each New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), set as set forth in the Advance Model and on Schedule VII hereto, as the same may be updated from time to time and may be adjusted by the Facility Administrator to reflect that such Solar Asset has become a Defaulted Solar Asset, a Defective Solar Asset, if a Payment Facilitation Agreement has been executed in connection with such Solar Asset or if a Solar Asset has been repurchased by the Financing Fund Seller from a Financing Fund pursuant to the related Master Purchase Agreement. For the purposes of calculating Scheduled Managing Member Distributions with respect to a Substantial Stage Solar Asset or New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), the Discounted Solar Asset Balance of such Solar Assets shall be the amount actually disbursed to Dealers for services rendered in respect of such Substantial Stage Solar Asset or New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), as applicable. For the purposes of calculating Scheduled Managing Member Distributions with respect to a New Construction Solar Asset (Sub-PV6), the Discounted Solar Asset Balance of such Solar Asset shall be equal to the lesser of (i) the present value of the remaining and unpaid stream of Net Cash Flow on or after such date of determination, based upon discounting such Net Cash Flow to such date of determination at an annual rate equal to the Discount Rate, and (ii) the amount required to be paid by the related Host Customer in connection with a prepayment of amounts under the related Solar Service Agreement. The Scheduled Managing Member Distributions exclude the amount of any bill credits provided under the related Solar Service Agreement with respect to any Solar Asset (Promotional Product). 
 Scheduled PBI Payments shall mean for each Solar Asset, the payments scheduled to be paid by a PBI Obligor during each Collection Period, if any, as set forth on the Advance Model and in Schedule VI hereto, as the same may be updated from time to time and may be adjusted by the Facility Administrator to reflect that such Solar Asset has become a Defaulted Solar Asset, a Defective Solar Asset or if a Payment Facilitation Agreement has been executed in connection with such Solar Asset. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-62 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Scheduled Tax Equity Investor Distributions shall mean the Tax Equity Investor Distributions anticipated to be distributed to the Tax Equity Investors in accordance with the Advance Model. 
 Second A&R Date Assignee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.24(B). 
 Second A&R Date Assignor shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.24(B). 
 Second Amendment and Restatement Date shall mean November 3, 2023. 
 Secured Parties shall mean the Administrative Agent, each Lender and each Hedge Counterparty. 
 Security Agreement shall mean the Amended and Restated Security Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, executed and delivered by the Borrower, SAP and the Managing Members in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties. 
 SEI shall mean Sunnova Energy International Inc., a Delaware corporation. 
 Seller shall mean each of SAP Seller and Financing Fund Seller. 
 Self-Performance Option shall mean, with respect to any Financing Fund, the meaning given to such term (or such analogous term) in the related Tax Equity Investor Consent. 
 Service Incentives shall mean payments paid by a state or local Governmental Authority, a utility or grid operator, a community choice aggregator or any other Person that administers a program or arrangement similar to those described herein in respect of any PV System or Energy Storage System, as applicable, in connection with any demand response programs, grid services, or any other program or arrangement utilized for the purpose of maintaining the reliability of the electrical grid to the owner thereof. For the avoidance of doubt, Service Incentives do not include Grid Services, PBI Solar Assets or SRECs. 
 Service Incentives Rebates shall mean any amounts credited to or paid to a Host Customer in exchange for such Host Customer permitting the related PV System and or Energy Storage System to participate in a program or arrangement pursuant to which Service Incentives are generated, as set forth in the related Solar Service Agreement. 
 Servicing Agreement shall mean, collectively, (i) each document set forth under the heading Servicing Agreements on Schedule VIII hereto and (ii) the Servicing Agreement listed on Schedule IX hereto provided that Servicing Agreement shall include each replacement thereof with a Replacement Services Provider, in each case, as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or modified from time to time . 
 Servicing Fee shall mean the fees, expenses and other amounts owed to the Manager pursuant to the Servicing Agreements. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-63 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Servicing Services shall mean the services required to be performed by the Manager pursuant to the terms of each Servicing Agreement, including all billing and collection services with respect to the related Solar Assets. 
 Sheffield shall mean Sheffield Receivables Company LLC. 
 Single-Employer Plan shall mean any employee pension benefit plan (as such term is defined in Section 3(2) of ERISA), other than a Multi-Employer Plan, that is subject to Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Internal Revenue Code and is sponsored or maintained by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate or for which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate may have liability by reason of being deemed to be a contributing sponsor under Section 4069 of ERISA. 
 Single-Family Residential Property shall mean (i) single-family homes, (ii) duplexes and triplexes of side-by-side construction where individual units are separately titled and where individual units are not separately titled, (iii) duplexes and triplexes of stacked construction where individual units are not separately titled, (iv) townhomes, (v) condos and (vi) manufactured or modular homes. 
 SMART Program shall mean the Solar Massachusetts Renewable Target (SMART) Program as defined in 225 CMR 20.00 et. seq., developed by the Massachusetts Department of Energy Resources DOER pursuant to Section 11(b) of Chapter 75 of the Acts of 2016, An Act Relative to Solar Energy as implemented, pursuant to regulations or guidelines issued by the DOER and or orders, regulations and tariffs adopted by the Massachusetts Department of Public Utilities DPU in connection therewith, including pursuant to the SMART Tariff and any and all orders, regulations and tariffs and related documentation as approved or adopted by the DPU and the local electric distribution companies in connection with the DPU s Docket 17-140 and other related dockets. 
 SMART Tariff shall have the meaning set forth in 225 CMR 20.00 et seq., including any SMART Tariff titled SMART Provision, and including, as applicable, the SMART Tariff specific to a particular local electric distribution company. 
 SOFR shall mean, with respect to any SOFR Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such SOFR Business Day published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website at approximately 8 00 A.M. (New York City time) on the immediately succeeding SOFR Business Day. 
 SOFR Administrator shall mean the Federal Reserve Bank of New York (or any successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). 
 SOFR Administrator s Website shall mean the SOFR Administrator s website, currently at http www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. 
 SOFR Business Day shall mean a day on which banks are open for dealing in foreign currency and exchange in London, New York City and Washington, D.C. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-64 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

SOFR Determination Time shall mean 3 00 P.M. (New York time) on the second U.S. Government Securities Business Day prior to the commencement of the related Interest Accrual Period, at which time Term SOFR is published on the CME Group Website. 
 Solar Asset shall mean a Host Customer Solar Asset or PBI Solar Asset, in each case owned by a Financing Fund or SAP, as applicable, or a Hedged SREC Solar Asset owned the by Borrower. 
 Solar Asset File shall have the meaning set forth in the Verification Agent Agreement. 
 Solar Asset Owner Member Interests shall mean, collectively, the 100.00 equity interests in the Managing Members and SAP. 
 Solar Asset Payment Level shall mean, for any Collection Period, the quotient (expressed as a percentage) of (i) the sum of all Host Customer Payments and PBI Payments actually received by the Financing Fund or SAP, as applicable, and Hedged SREC Payments actually received by the Borrower, in each case, during such Collection Period, divided by (ii) the sum of all Scheduled Host Customer Payments, Scheduled PBI Payments and Scheduled Hedged SREC Payments during such Collection Period. 
 Solar Asset (Promotional Product) shall mean a Solar Asset which is a Puerto Rico Solar Asset for which the Host Customer will receive a bill credit for the first three months of such Host Customer s payment obligation under the related Solar Service Agreement. 
 Solar Photovoltaic Panel shall mean, with respect to a PV System, the necessary hardware component that uses wafers made of silicon, cadmium telluride, or any other suitable material, to generate a direct electrical current (DC) output using energy from the sun s light. 
 Solar Service Agreement shall mean in respect of a PV System, a Lease Agreement or a Power Purchase Agreement entered into with a Host Customer and all related Ancillary Solar Service Agreements, including any related Payment Facilitation Agreements, but excluding any Performance Guaranty or Customer Warranty Agreement. 
 Solvent shall mean, with respect the Borrower, that as of the date of determination, both (a)(i) the sum of such entity s debt (including contingent liabilities) does not exceed the present fair saleable value of such entity s present assets (ii) such entity s capital is not unreasonably small in relation to its business as contemplated on the Second Amendment and Restatement Date and (iii) such entity has not incurred and does not intend to incur, or believe (nor should it reasonably believe) that it will incur, debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they become due (whether at maturity or otherwise) and (b) such entity is solvent within the meaning given that term and similar terms under applicable laws relating to fraudulent transfers and conveyances. For purposes of this definition, the amount of any contingent liability at any time shall be computed as the amount that, in light of all of the facts and circumstances existing at such time, represents the amount that can reasonably be expected to become an actual or matured liability (irrespective of whether such contingent liabilities meet the criteria for accrual under Statement of Financial Accounting Standard No. 5). 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-65 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

SREC shall mean a solar renewable energy certificate representing any and all environmental credits, benefits, emissions reductions, offsets and allowances, howsoever entitled, that are created or otherwise arise from a PV System s generation of electricity, including, but not limited to, a solar renewable energy certificate issued to comply with a state s renewable portfolio standard. 
 SREC Direct Sale shall mean any sale or transfer of SRECs by a Financing Fund to Parent or an Affiliate of Parent (other than TEP Resources, the Borrower, SAP, a Managing Member or a Financing Fund) in an arm s length transaction subject to terms and conditions that are no more favorable to Parent or such Affiliate than are commercially available at the time in unrelated third-party transactions. 
 SREC Direct Sale Proceeds shall mean cash distributions made by a Financing Fund to its related Managing Member, the Borrower or the Parent specifically and directly relating to amounts received by such Financing Fund from the Parent in connection with any SREC Direct Sale. 
 SREC Year shall mean (i) with respect to New Jersey, the twelve-month period beginning on June 1 and ending on May 31 and numbered in accordance with the calendar year in which such twelve-month period ends and (ii) with respect to Massachusetts, a calendar year. 
 Step-Up Rate shall mean, with respect to any Lender or Lender Group, the Step-Up Rate set forth in the Fee Letter to which such Lender or Lender Group is a party. 
 Subordinated Commercial Paper Rate shall mean, with respect to any Advances (or portion thereof) actually funded by a Conduit Lender in a Lender Group with Barclays or MUFG through the issuance of Commercial Paper or by Barclays, on any date of determination, a percentage equal to (i) during the continuance of an Event of Default, the excess (if any) of (a) the sum of (x) such Lender s Commercial Paper Rate for the related Interest Accrual Period and (y) such Lender s Class A Usage Fee Margin or Class B Usage Fee Margin, as applicable, over (b) the sum of (x)(1) the Adjusted Benchmark (or, as required pursuant to Section 2.15 if the then applicable Benchmark is not available, the Base Rate) or (2) any other rate as determined in accordance with Section 2.15 which may include another tenor of the Benchmark, for the related Interest Accrual Period and (y)(1) with respect to Class A Advances, and (2) with respect to Class B Advances, the Class B Usage Fee Margin with respect to the Class B Lenders on the date hereof and (ii) at all other times, . 
 Subsidiary shall mean, with respect to any Person at any time, (i) any corporation or trust of which 50 or more (by number of shares or number of votes) of the outstanding Capital Stock or shares of beneficial interest normally entitled to vote for the election of one or more directors, managers or trustees (regardless of any contingency which does or may suspend or dilute the voting rights) is at such time owned directly or indirectly by such Person or one or more of such Person s subsidiaries, or any partnership of which such Person or any of such Person s Subsidiaries is a general partner or of which 50 or more of the partnership interests is at the time directly or indirectly owned by such Person or one or more of such Person s 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-66 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

subsidiaries, and (ii) any corporation, trust, partnership or other entity which is controlled or capable of being controlled by such Person or one or more of such Person s subsidiaries. 
 Subsidiary Guaranty shall mean the Amended and Restated Guaranty, dated as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, by SAP, the Managing Members and each other party joined thereto as a guarantor in favor of the Administrative Agent. 
 Substantial Stage Solar Asset shall mean a Host Customer Solar Asset that has not yet been installed and for which (i) with respect to a Retrofit Solar Asset, (a) the Parent or an Affiliate thereof has been issued a notice to proceed confirming that the Host Customer has signed a Solar Service Agreement, (b) a Dealer has submitted a final design proposal and (c) such proposal has been approved by the Parent or an Affiliate thereof and (ii) with respect to a New Construction Solar Asset, a Dealer has completed installation of all rough electrical wiring to connect the PV system to the building. For the avoidance of doubt, a Solar Service Agreement does not need to have been signed in order for a New Construction Solar Asset to constitute a Substantial Stage Solar Asset. 
 Substantial Stage Date Solar Asset Reserve Amount shall mean, as of any date of determination, the product of (i) times (ii) the then applicable Net Interest Obligations times (iii) the ratio of (x) the aggregate principal balance of all Advances related to Substantial Stage Solar Assets that are Retrofit Solar Assets divided by (y) the Aggregate Outstanding Advances as of such date. 
 Successor Facility Administrator shall mean a successor Facility Administrator appointed pursuant to the Facility Administration Agreement. 
 SunStreet shall mean MoonRoad Services Group, LLC, a Delaware limited liability, or an Affiliate thereof that is a successor to and engages in its business or otherwise conducts its business in such Affiliate s name. 
 Sunnova Credit Facility shall mean any financing agreement (other than this Agreement) providing extensions of credit to the Parent or its Subsidiaries in which the Administrative Agent or its affiliates an Atlas Entity (or any Affiliate of an Atlas Entity) is a lender, agent or noteholder thereunder. For the avoidance of doubt, a Sunnova Credit Facility shall not include any asset-backed securities or other capital markets transaction in which an Atlas Entity (or any Affiliate of an Atlas Entity) acts as a noteholder, underwriter, initial purchaser, placement agent or structuring agent or in any analogous or substantially similar role. 
 Sunnova Inventory Holdings shall mean Sunnova Inventory Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Sunnova Inventory Pledgor shall mean Sunnova Inventory Pledgor, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Sunnova Management shall mean Sunnova TE Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-67 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Sunnova Tracking System shall mean the internal Solar Asset tracking system maintained by the Borrower or an Affiliate thereof for the purpose of identifying the amounts payable under a Solar Service Agreement that relate to a PV System (other than Ancillary PV System Components), an Energy Storage System (if any) and any Ancillary PV System Components. 
 Supplemental Reserve Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(A)(ii) . 
 Supplemental Reserve Account Deposit shall mean, so long as the Collateral shall include any Managing Member that is party to a Financing Fund LLCA that includes a Financing Fund Withdrawal Right, for the applicable Payment Date identified in Column J of Schedule XII hereto for each related Financing Fund, the Financing Fund Withdrawal Amount Deposit for such Financing Fund and, for any Payment Date after the Availability Period, an amount equal to the sum of (i) any Supplemental Reserve Account Deposit amounts from prior Payment Dates not deposited into the Supplemental Reserve Account, and (ii) the lesser of (a) the sum of (x) the product of (1) one-fourth of and (2) the aggregate DC nameplate capacity (measured in kW) of all PV Systems owned by the Financing Funds and SAP which are operational (excluding Transferable Solar Assets) and that have related Solar Service Agreements with remaining terms that exceed the remaining terms of the related manufacturer warranty for the Inverter associated with such PV System and (y) the product of (1) one-fourth of and (2) the aggregate storage capacity (measured in kWh) of all Energy Storage Systems owned by the Financing Funds and SAP which are operational (excluding Transferable Solar Assets) and that have related Solar Service Agreements with remaining terms that exceed the remaining terms of the related manufacturer warranty for such Energy Storage System and (b) the Supplemental Reserve Account Required Balance as of the related Calculation Date minus the sum of (1) the amount on deposit in the Supplemental Reserve Account as of the related Calculation Date, and (2) the amount, if any, being deposited into the Supplemental Reserve Account on such Payment Date pursuant to clause (i). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Supplemental Reserve Account Deposit shall be the sum of (x) so long as the Collateral shall include any Managing Member that is party to a Financing Fund LLCA that includes a Financing Fund Withdrawal Right, the aggregate amount of the Financing Fund Withdrawal Amount Deposits and (y) for any Payment Date on which the sum of Distributable Collections is greater than or equal to the sum of (i) the payments and distributions required under clauses (i) through (iii)(a), (vii) and (ix) of Section 2.7(B) and (ii) the Aggregate Outstanding Advances as of such Payment Date prior to any distributions made on such Payment Date. 
 Supplemental Reserve Account Required Balance shall mean, as of any date of determination, the sum of (X)(i) prior to the end of the Availability Period, or (ii) after the Availability Period, an amount equal to the sum of (a) for any Payment Date prior to the date on which a Managing Member has acquired the related Tax Equity Investor Interests in the related Financing Fund pursuant to the related Purchase Option, the sum of the Projected Purchase Option Prices under each Financing Fund, (b) for any Payment Date during a Required Tax Loss Insurance Coverage Period, the Tax Loss Insurance Deductibles and (c) the sum of (x) the product of (1) and (2) the aggregate DC nameplate capacity (measured in kW) of all PV Systems owned by the Financing Funds and SAP which are operational (excluding Transferable Solar Assets) and that have related Solar Service Agreements with remaining terms that exceed 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-68 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

the remaining terms of the related manufacturer warranty for the Inverter associated with such PV System and (y) the product of (1) and (2) the aggregate storage capacity (measured in kWh) of all Energy Storage Systems owned by the Financing Funds and SAP which are operational (excluding Transferable Solar Assets) and that have related Solar Service Agreements with remaining terms that exceed the remaining terms of the related manufacturer warranty for such Energy Storage System and (Y) the aggregate amount of the Financing Fund Withdrawal Amount Deposits. 
 Supported QFC shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.23 hereof. 
 SVB shall mean Silicon Valley Bank, a Division of First Citizens Bank & Trust Company. 
 Swap Rate shall mean, as of any date of determination, the then current weighted average of (i) the fixed interest rates under the swap agreements or other types of derivative agreements entered into in accordance with the definition of Hedge Requirements and (ii) with respect to any Advance not yet hedged in accordance with such clause (i) the then current benchmark swap rate associated with the Expected Amortization Profile of such Advance in accordance with the definition of Hedging Requirements, as determined by the Administrative Agent in consultation with the Borrower. 
 Takeout Agreements shall mean agreements, instruments, documents and other records entered into in connection with a Takeout Transaction. 
 Takeout Transaction shall mean (i) any sale, assignment or other transfer of the Solar Asset Owner Member Interests, SAP Solar Assets or Hedged SREC Solar Assets and related Collateral (either directly or through the sale, assignment or other transfer of all the Capital Stock of the Borrower) by the Borrower to any of its Affiliates (including a special purpose bankruptcy remote subsidiary of Parent) or to a third party, in each case, in an arms length transaction, which Collateral is used to secure or provide for the payment of amounts owing (or to be owing) or expected as a result of the issuance of equity or debt securities or other Indebtedness by a Person other than the Borrower that are backed by such Collateral (a Financing Transaction provided, the Borrower may only enter into a Takeout Transaction if immediately after giving effect to such Financing Transaction, (w) no Event of Default exists (unless such Event of Default would be cured by application of the net proceeds of such Financing Transaction), (x) an amount equal to the greater of or the Minimum Payoff Amount for the Collateral removed from the Borrower in the Financing Transaction shall be deposited into the Takeout Transaction Account for distribution in accordance with Section 2.8(B) , such that no Borrowing Base Deficiency exists after giving effect to such Takeout Transaction, (y) there are no selection procedures utilized which are materially adverse to the Lenders with respect to those items of the Collateral assigned by the Borrower in the Financing Transaction and (z) such Financing Transaction is not guaranteed by and has no material recourse to the Borrower (except that such assets are being sold and assigned by it free and clear of all Liens), or (ii) any other financing arrangement, securitization, sale or other disposition of items of Collateral (either directly or through the sale or other disposition of the Capital Stock of the Borrower, a Managing Member, a Financing Fund, or SAP) entered into by Borrower or any of its Affiliates other than under this 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-69 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Agreement that is not a Financing Transaction and that has been consented to in writing by the Administrative Agent and the Majority Lenders. 
 Takeout Transaction Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(A)(v) . 
 Takeout Transaction Failure shall mean, if applicable to a Financing Fund as indicated in Column G of Schedule XII hereto, the failure of a Managing Member and the related Financing Fund to be included in Takeout Transaction on or prior to the date set forth for such Financing Fund in Column G of Schedule XII hereto provided that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Column G of Schedule XII hereto with respect to any Financing Fund, the occurrence of a Takeout Transaction which only includes Puerto Rico Solar Assets and related Collateral shall not constitute or cause a Takeout Transaction Failure with respect to such Financing Fund. 
 Tax Credit shall mean an investment tax credit under Section 48(a)(3)(A)(i) or (ix) or Section 48E(a) of the Internal Revenue Code or any successor provision. 
 Tax Equity Facility shall mean each transaction contemplated by the Tax Equity Financing Documents. 
 Tax Equity Financing Documents shall mean, collectively, each document set forth under the heading Tax Equity Financing Documents on Schedule VIII hereto and any ITC Transfer Agreements permitted pursuant to Section 5.3(M). 
 Tax Equity Investor shall mean, collectively, each entity set forth under the heading Tax Equity Investors on Schedule VIII hereto. 
 Tax Equity Investor Consent shall mean the consent of a Tax Equity Investor of the related Tax Equity Financing Documents, as applicable relating to the transactions contemplated by this Facility. 
 Tax Equity Investor Distributions shall mean the aggregate distributions made by the Financing Funds to the Tax Equity Investors during the related Collection Period, including any distribution of cash to the applicable Tax Equity Investor during the related Collection Period as a result of the occurrence of events set forth in a Financing Fund LLCA that reduce, limit, suspend or otherwise restrict distributions to the related Managing Member. 
 Tax Equity Investor Distribution Reduction Amount shall mean, for any Collection Period, amounts required to be paid by the Financing Funds to the Tax Equity Investors, in each case, which reduce Scheduled Managing Member Distributions for such Collection Period. 
 Tax Equity Investor Interests shall mean the Tax Equity Investors interest in 100 of the Class A Interest in the related Financing Fund. 
 Tax Equity Party shall mean each of the Financing Funds, the Managing Members and SAP. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-70 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Tax Loss shall mean the amount a Tax Credit and other federal tax benefits assumed in the Base Case Model that the respective Financing Fund, the respective Managing Member or the respective Tax Equity Investor (or their respective affiliates) shall lose the benefit of, shall not have the right to claim, shall suffer the disallowance or reduction of, shall be required to recapture or shall not claim (as a result of a final determination in accordance with the terms of such Financing Fund LLCA). 
 Tax Loss Claim shall mean the assertion by the Internal Revenue Service of a position that would result in a Tax Loss Indemnity if not reversed through administrative action or litigation. 
 Tax Loss Indemnity shall mean a Managing Member s obligation, pursuant to the terms of the related Financing Fund LLCA, to pay the related Tax Equity Investor the amount of any Tax Loss, or to contribute the amount of any Tax Loss owed by the Financing Fund to an ITC Buyer pursuant to an ITC Transfer Agreement, in each case, as a result of the breach or inaccuracy of certain representations, warranties and covenants of a Managing Member set forth in such Financing Fund LLCA or the failure by Managing Member to comply with applicable law in connection with its acts or omissions pursuant to, or the performance of any covenant or obligation under, such Financing Fund LLCA. 
 Tax Loss Insurance Deductible shall mean, with respect to a Tax Loss Insurance Policy, the deductible due under such Tax Loss Insurance Policy. Should the Availability Period expire before a Tax Loss Insurance Policy is entered into, the Administrative Agent may use reasonable judgment to estimate the Tax Loss Insurance Deductible. 
 Tax Loss Insurance Policy shall mean the policy of insurance issued by a Tax Loss Insurer with respect to a Financing Fund naming such Financing Fund and the related Managing Member as insureds and such Financing Fund, the related Tax Equity Investor and or the related ITC Buyer as loss payee , in form and substance (including, but not limited to, amounts and coverage period) approved by the Administrative Agent in its sole discretion . 
 Tax Loss Insurer shall mean the insurance company party to any Tax Loss Insurance Policy. 
 Tax Savings shall mean, with respect to a Tax Loss, any federal income tax savings realized by a Managing Member or the related Tax Equity Investor (or their respective affiliates) as a result of the Tax Loss, using an assumed tax rate equal to the maximum allowable U.S. federal corporate income tax rate applicable to corporations as of a given date of determination. 
 Taxes shall mean all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, and including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-71 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

TEP Inventory shall mean Sunnova TEP Inventory, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 TEP OpCo Contribution Agreement shall mean that certain Amended and Restated Contribution Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, by and between SAP Seller and Financing Fund Seller. 
 TEP Resources shall mean Sunnova TEP Resources, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. 
 Term SOFR shall mean, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. Term SOFR shall initially mean, for any day during any Interest Accrual Period, the per annum rate equal to the offered rate which appears on the Bloomberg ticker which displays the three month term SOFR as determined by CME Group (or such other person that takes over the determination of such rate as recommended by the SOFR Administrator) (such ticker currently being Bloomberg ticker SR3M) and currently listed on the CME Group Website. 
 Terminated Solar Asset shall mean a Solar Asset for which the related PV System has experienced an Event of Loss and (i) is not repaired, restored, replaced or rebuilt to substantially the same condition as it existed immediately prior to the Event of Loss within one hundred twenty (120) days of such Event of Loss or (ii) is deemed to be a Cancelled Project in accordance with the related Master Purchase Agreement. 
 Third-Party Back-Up O&M and Services Engagement shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.1(R). 
 Total Equipment Cost shall mean for any PV System the sum of all costs that relate to the equipment for such PV System inclusive of any Ancillary PV System Components and any related Energy Storage System, if applicable. 
 Total Installation Cost shall mean for any PV System the sum of all costs that relate to the installation of such PV System inclusive of any Ancillary PV System Components and any related Energy Storage System, if applicable. 
 Transaction Documents shall mean this Agreement, the Loan Notes, the Security Agreement, the Pledge Agreement, each Fee Letter, the Paying Agent Fee Letter, the Verification Agent Fee Letter, the Facility Administration Agreement, the Verification Agent Agreement, the Contribution Agreements, the Sale and Contribution Agreement, the SAP Contribution Agreement, the SAP NTP Financing Documents, the Parent Guaranty, the Tax Equity Investor Consents, each Hedge Agreement, the SAP Lockbox Account Control Agreement, the EU Risk Retention Side Letter, the UK Risk Retention Side Letter , each SAP Transfer Agreement and any other agreements, instruments, certificates or documents delivered hereunder or thereunder or in connection herewith or therewith, and Transaction Document shall mean any of the Transaction Documents. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-72 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Transfer Date shall mean (i) with respect to Initial Solar Assets, the Original Closing Date and (ii)(x) with respect to any Additional Solar Asset that is not a SAP Solar Asset, the date on which such Additional Solar Asset is included in the definition of Borrowing Base and the Lenders make an Advance against such Additional Solar Asset and (y) with respect to any Additional Solar Asset that is a SAP Solar Asset, the date set forth in the relevant Additional Solar Asset Supplement (as defined in the Sale and Contribution Agreement). 
 Transferable Solar Asset shall mean (i) any Solar Asset that constitutes a Defaulted Solar Asset, Defective Solar Asset, Delinquent Solar Asset, or Terminated Solar Asset and (ii) any other Solar Asset that is not an Eligible Solar Asset hereunder. 
 Triggering Event Notice shall have the meaning set forth in Section 6.3 hereof. 
 UCC shall mean the Uniform Commercial Code as from time to time in effect in any applicable jurisdiction. 
 UK Financial Institution shall mean any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. 
 UK Resolution Authority shall mean the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. 
 UK Risk Retention Side Letter shall mean that certain Risk Retention Letter, dated as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, by and among the Parent, the Administrative Agent and Barclays. 
 Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement shall mean the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Adjustment. 
 Underwriting and Reassignment Credit Policy shall mean the internal underwriting and reassignment policies of Parent and SunStreet attached as Exhibit J hereto, as such Exhibit may be modified after the Original Closing Date in accordance with Section 5.1(W) hereof. 
 United States shall mean the United States of America. 
 Unused Line Fee shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.5(D). 
 Unused Line Fee Percentage shall mean, with respect to any Lender or Lender Group, the Unused Line Fee Percentage set forth in the Fee Letter to which such Lender or Lender Group is a party. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-73 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Unused Portion of the Commitments shall mean, as of any date of determination, the sum of the Class A Unused Portion of the Commitments plus the Class B Unused Portion of the Commitments as of such date of determination. 
 Usage Percentage shall mean, as of such date of determination, a percentage equal to (i) the Aggregate Outstanding Advances divided by (ii) the Aggregate Commitment as of such date. 
 U.S. Government Securities Business Day shall mean any day except for a Saturday, a Sunday or a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in U.S. government securities. 
 U.S. Person shall mean any Person who is a U.S. person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Internal Revenue Code. 
 U.S. Special Resolution Regime shall have the meaning set forth in Section 10.23 hereof. 
 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate shall have the meaning set forth in Section 2.17(G)(ii)(b)(3) . 
 Verification Agent shall mean U.S. Bank National Association, not in its individual capacity, but solely in its capacity as verification agent, or any successor verification agent appointed pursuant to the Transaction Documents. 
 Verification Agent Agreement shall mean the Second Amended and Restated Verification Agent Agreement, dated as of the Second Amendment and Restatement Date, by and among the Verification Agent, the Borrower, the Facility Administrator and the Administrative Agent, as amended, amended and restated, modified and or supplemented from time to time in accordance with its terms. 
 Verification Agent Fee shall mean a fee payable by the Borrower to the Verification Agent as set forth in the Verification Agent Fee Letter. 
 Verification Agent Fee Letter shall mean the Verification Agent Fee Letter, dated as of the September 6, 2022, among the Borrower and the Verification Agent. 
 WIP Reserve Account shall have the meaning set forth in Section 8.2(A)(vi). 
 WIP Reserve Account Required Balance shall mean (i) on any date of determination occurring during a WIP Reserve Period, an amount equal to (a) the portion of the Borrowing Base relating to Substantial Stage Solar Assets and Final Stage Solar Assets as of such date of determination minus (b) the product of and the Borrowing Base as of such date of determination and (ii) on any date of determination not occurring during a WIP Reserve Period, . 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-74 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

WIP Reserve Period shall mean the period during the occurrence and continuance of a WIP Reserve Trigger Event. 
 WIP Reserve Trigger Event shall mean, as of any Working Capital Determination Date, the occurrence of (i) a WIP Reserve Working Capital Breach, (ii) the percentage of the Borrowing Base relating to Substantial Stage Solar Assets and Final Stage Solar Assets being greater than of the Borrowing Base as of such date of determination and (iii) more than ninety (90) days having elapsed since the most recent Takeout Transaction as of such date of determination. 
 WIP Reserve Working Capital Breach shall mean, as of any Working Capital Determination Date, either (i) the failure of the Parent to have, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter, Working Capital available to it in an amount equal at least of the then applicable WIP Reserve Working Capital Breach Threshold or (ii) the failure of the Parent to have, as of the end of two (2) consecutive calendar months for which reporting is required under the Parent Guaranty, Working Capital available to it in an amount at least equal to the then applicable WIP Reserve Working Capital Breach Threshold (such period, the WIP Reserve Two Month Grace Period ). 
 WIP Reserve Working Capital Breach Threshold shall mean (i) if a Parent Refinancing has not occurred, and (ii) if a Parent Refinancing has occurred, . 
 Working Capital shall have the meaning set forth in the Parent Guaranty. 
 Working Capital Determination Date shall mean (i) with respect to the first three quarters of its fiscal year, the date of delivery of unaudited financial statements in accordance with Section 5.1(A)(i)(b) and (ii) with respect to the fourth fiscal quarter of its fiscal year, the date of delivery of audited financial statements in accordance with Section 5.1(A)(i)(a). 
 Working Capital Requirement Amount shall mean, with respect to each fiscal quarter identified in the following table, the corresponding threshold on the following table 
 Fiscal Quarter Ended Working Capital Requirement Amount March 31, 2025 
 June 30, 2025 
 September 30, 2025 
 December 31, 2025 
 March 31, 2026 
 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-75 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

June 30, 2026 
 September 30, 2026 
 
 provided , that, if the aggregate outstanding principal amount of the Parent s 2026 Bonds as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date is reduced by or more following the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date, then each Working Capital Requirement Amount set forth in the table above shall be reduced by an amount equal to the product of (i) the dollar amount by which such Parent s 2026 Bonds have been reduced, multiplied by (ii) . 
 Write-Down and Conversion Powers shall mean, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers . 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A-76 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit B-1 Form of Borrowing Base Certificate Borrowing Base Certificate Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC 
 DATE 
 In connection with that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2023 (as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), Sunnova TE Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Facility Administrator (in such capacity, the Facility Administrator ), Atlas Securitized Products Holdings Administration , L.P., as Administrative Agent for the financial institutions that may become parties thereto as Lenders, the Lenders, Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Paying Agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Verification Agent, the Borrower hereby certifies that 
 1. The attached Schedule I sets forth the borrowing base calculations with respect to Class A Advances on the proposed Funding Date (the Class A Borrowing Base Calculation and provides all data used, in Excel format, to calculate the foregoing as of the date set forth above and the computations reflected in the Class A Borrowing Base Calculation are true, correct and complete. 
 2. The attached Schedule II-A sets forth the borrowing base calculations with respect to Class B Advances on the proposed Funding Date (the Class B Borrowing Base Calculation and provides all data used, in Excel format, to calculate the foregoing as of the date set forth above and the computations reflected in the Class B Borrowing Base Calculation are true, correct and complete. 
 3. The attached Schedule III sets forth the Excess Concentration Amount calculations on the Funding Date (the Excess Concentration Amount Calculation and provides all data used, in Excel format, to calculate the foregoing as of the date set forth above and the computations reflected in the Excess Concentration Amount Calculation are true, correct and complete. 
 4. Each Solar Asset included in the Class A Borrowing Base Calculations and in the Class B Borrowing Base Calculations constitutes an Eligible Solar Asset as of the date hereof and the Excess Concentration Amount Calculation has been computed based on the information known to the Borrower or Facility Administrator as of the date hereof. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 B-1-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings specified in the Credit Agreement. 
 In Witness Whereof, the undersigned has executed this certificate as of the date first written above. 
 Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, as Borrower 
 By _________________________________ Name Title 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 B-1-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule I Class A Borrowing Base Calculation 
 1. 
 Aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance 
 _____________ 
 2. 
 Excess Concentration Amount (see Line 75 of Schedule III) 
 _____________ 
 3. 
 Line 1 minus Line 2 
 _____________ 
 4. 
 The portion of the Solar Assets included in Line 3 that are neither Puerto Rico Solar Assets nor Substantial Stage Solar Assets times the applicable percentage in Column A of Schedule XII to the Credit Agreement times the applicable percentage in Column D of Schedule XII to the Credit Agreement, as determined for each Financing Fund and SAP 
 _____________ 
 5. 
 The portion of the Solar Assets included in Line 3 that are Puerto Rico Solar Assets that are not Substantial Stage Solar Assets times the applicable percentage in Column B of Schedule XII to the Credit Agreement times the applicable percentage in Column D of Schedule XII to the Credit Agreement, as determined for each Financing Fund and SAP 
 _____________ 
 6. 
 The portion of the Solar Assets included in Line 3 that are Substantial Stage Solar Assets times the applicable percentage in Column C of Schedule XII to the Credit Agreement times the applicable percentage in Column D of Schedule XII to the Credit Agreement, as determined for each Financing Fund and SAP 
 _____________ 
 7. 
 Line 4 plus Line 5 plus Line 6 (the Class A Borrowing Base 
 _____________ 
 8. 
 The Class A Aggregate Commitment 
 
 9. 
 The lesser of Line 7 and Line 8 
 _____________ 

118556040.20 118095118.53 B-1-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule II Class B Borrowing Base Calculation 
 1. 
 Aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance 
 _____________ 
 2. 
 Excess Concentration Amount (see Line 75 of Schedule III) 
 _____________ 
 3. 
 Line 1 minus Line 2 
 _____________ 
 4. 
 The portion of the Solar Assets included in Line 3 that are neither Puerto Rico Solar Assets nor Substantial Stage Solar Assets times the applicable percentage in Column A of Schedule XII to the Credit Agreement times the applicable percentage in Column E of Schedule XII to the Credit Agreement, as determined for each Financing Fund and SAP 
 _____________ 
 5. 
 The portion of the Solar Assets included in Line 3 that are Puerto Rico Solar Assets that are not Substantial Stage Solar Assets times the applicable percentage in Column B of Schedule XII to the Credit Agreement times the applicable percentage in Column E of Schedule XII to the Credit Agreement, as determined for each Financing Fund and SAP 
 _____________ 
 6. 
 The portion of the Solar Assets included in Line 3 that are Substantial Stage Solar Assets times the applicable percentage in Column C of Schedule XII to the Credit Agreement times the applicable percentage in Column E of Schedule XII to the Credit Agreement, as determined for each Financing Fund and SAP 
 _____________ 
 7. 
 Line 4 plus Line 5 plus Line 6 
 _____________ 
 8. 
 The Class B Aggregate Commitment 
 
 9. 
 The lesser of Line 7 and Line 8 
 _____________ 

118556040.20 118095118.53 B-1-4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule III Excess Concentration Amount Calculation 1 
 1. Aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance ____________ 
 
 2. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance for Eligible Solar Assets for which Parent has obtained a FICO score, in which the related Host Customer had a FICO score of less than 
 at the time Parent initially obtained such FICO score _____________ 
 3. Line 1 times _____________ 
 4. Line 2 minus 3 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 5. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance for Eligible Solar Assets for which Parent has obtained a FICO score, in which the related Host Customer had a FICO score of less than 
 at the time Parent initially obtained such FICO score _____________ 
 6. Line 1 times _____________ 
 7. Line 5 minus Line 6 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 8. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance for Eligible Solar Assets 
 in which the related PV System is located in the state in the United States 
 with the highest concentration of PV Systems (measured by the 
 aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance in each state and the Aggregate 
 Discounted Solar Asset Balance) _____________ 
 9. Line 1 times _____________ 
 10. Line 8 minus Line 9 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 11. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance for Eligible Solar Assets 
 in which the related PV System is located in any one of the two states 
 in the United States with either the highest or the second highest 
 concentrations of PV Systems (measured by the aggregate Discounted 
 Solar Asset Balance in each state and the Aggregate 
 Discounted Solar Asset Balance) _____________ 
 12. Line 1 times _____________ 
 13. Line 11 minus Line 12 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 14. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance for Eligible Solar Assets 
 in which the related PV System is located in any one of the three states 
 in the United States with either the highest, second highest or third highest 
 concentrations of PV Systems (measured by the aggregate Discounted 
 Solar Asset Balance in each state and the Aggregate 
 
 1 For the purpose of calculating the Excess Concentration Amount, Prepaid Solar Assets shall be deemed to have a Discounted Solar Asset Balance equal to zero 0). 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 B-1-5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Discounted Solar Asset Balance) _____________ 
 15. Line 1 times _____________ 
 16. Line 14 minus Line 15 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 17. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance for Eligible Solar Assets 
 in which the related PV System is located in Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin 
 Islands, Guam or the Northern Mariana Islands _____________ 
 18. Line 1 times _____________ 
 19. Line 17 minus Line 18 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 20. The amount by which the procurement cost attributable 
 to Ancillary PV System Components exceeds of the Aggregate 
 Discounted Solar Asset Balance _____________ 
 21. Reserved 
 22. Reserved 
 
 23. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance for Eligible Solar 
 Assets in which the related PV System is located in the 
 U.S. Virgin Islands, Guam or the Northern Mariana Islands _____________ 
 24. Line 1 times _____________ 
 25. Line 23 minus Line 24 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 26. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance for Eligible Solar Assets 
 in which the related PV System is located in the Northern Mariana 
 Islands _____________ 
 27. Line 1 times _____________ 
 28. Line 26 minus Line 27 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 29. The aggregate portion of the Discounted Solar Asset Balance of all 
 Eligible Solar Assets with Credit Card Receivables _____________ 
 30. Line 1 times _____________ 
 31. Line 29 minus Line 30 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 32. The aggregate portion of the Discounted Solar Asset Balance of all 
 Eligible Solar Assets that are Final Stage Solar Assets _____________ 
 33. Line 1 times _____________ 
 34. Line 32 minus Line 33 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 35. The aggregate portion of the Discounted Solar Asset Balance of all 
 Eligible Solar Assets that are Substantial Stage Solar Assets _____________ 
 36. Line 1 times _____________ 
 37. Line 35 minus Line 36 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 38. The aggregate portion of the Discounted Solar Asset Balance of all 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 B-1-6 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Eligible Solar Assets that are Final Stage Solar Assets or Substantial Stage Solar Assets _____________ 
 39. Line 1 times _____________ 
 40. Line 38 minus Line 39 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 41. The aggregate portion of the Discounted Solar Asset Balance of all 
 Eligible Solar Assets for which the related PV System 
 includes an Energy Storage System _____________ 
 42. Line 1 times _____________ 
 43. Line 41 minus Line 42 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 44. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance of all 
 Eligible Solar Assets for which procurement costs attributable 
 to Ancillary PV System Components exceeds of the 
 Discounted Solar Asset Balance of any individual Solar Asset _____________ 
 45. Line 1 times _____________ 
 46. Line 44 minus Line 45 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 47. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance of all 
 Eligible Solar Assets for which the related Solar Service Agreement 
 is a Power Purchase Agreement (Variable Fee) _____________ 
 48. Line 1 times _____________ 
 49. Line 47 minus Line 48 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 50. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance of all 
 Eligible Solar Assets that are New Construction Solar Assets (Non- 
 Identified Customer) _____________ 
 51. Line 1 times _____________ 
 52. Line 50 minus Line 51 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 53. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance of all 
 Eligible Solar Assets that are New Construction Solar Assets _____________ 
 54. Line 1 times _____________ 
 55. Line 53 minus Line 54 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 56. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance of all Eligible Solar 
 Assets that are New Construction Solar Assets for which the 
 Parent has obtained a FICO score, in which the related 
 Host Customer had a FICO score of less than 
 at the time Parent initially obtained such FICO score _____________ 
 57. Line 1 times _____________ 
 58. Line 56 minus Line 57 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 59. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance of all Eligible Solar 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 B-1-7 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Assets that are New Construction Solar Assets for which the Parent has not obtained a FICO score for the related Host Customer within 30 days of such Solar Asset achieving Placed in Service _____________ 
 60. Line 1 times _____________ 
 61. Line 59 minus Line 60 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 62. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance of all Eligible Solar 
 Assets for which the related PV System is not installed 
 on a Single-Family Residential Property _____________ 
 63. Line 1 times _____________ 
 64. Line 62 minus Line 63 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 65. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance for Eligible Solar Assets for which Parent has obtained a FICO score, in which the related Host Customer had a FICO score of less than 
 at the time Parent initially obtained such FICO score _____________ 
 66. Line 1 times _____________ 
 67. Line 65 minus Line 66 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 68. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance of all Eligible Solar Assets 
 relating to any one Host Customer which exceeds the lesser of (i) percent 
 the Maximum Facility Amount and (ii) the U.S. Dollar equivalent of Swiss Francs (calculated at the rate of exchange at which, 
 in accordance with normal banking procedures, the Administrative Agent could purchase 
 with U.S. Dollars, Swiss Francs in New York City, New York, 
 at the close of business on the day prior to such date of determination) _____________ 
 
 69. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance for Eligible Solar Assets 
 in which the related PV System is located in the U.S. Virgin Islands _____________ 
 70. Line 1 times _____________ 
 71. Line 69 minus Line 70 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 72. The aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance for Eligible Solar Assets 
 that are Non-Savings Products _____________ 
 73. Line 1 times _____________ 
 74. Line 72 minus Line 73 (enter 0 if less than 0) _____________ 
 
 75. The sum, without duplication, of Line 4 plus Line 7 plus Line 10 plus Line 13 plus Line 16 
 plus Line 19 plus Line 20 plus Line 25 plus Line 28 plus Line 31 plus 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 B-1-8 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Line 34 plus Line 37 plus Line 40 2 plus Line 43 plus Line 46 plus Line 49 
 plus Line 52 plus Line 55 plus Line 58 plus Line 61 plus Line 64 
 plus Line 67 plus Line 68 plus Line 71 
 plus Line 74 (the Excess Concentration Amount _____________ 

2 For the purpose of calculating the Excess Concentration Amount, Lines 34, 37 and 40 shall not be included during the period commencing on the Original Closing Date or the effective date of a Qualifying Takeout Transaction and ending ninety (90) days thereafter. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein and for the avoidance of doubt, the parties hereto agree that entry into this Agreement shall not impact that effectiveness of the Limited Consent (July 2023) which shall remain in full force and effect pursuant to its terms. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 B-1-9 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit B-2 Form of Notice of Borrowing 
 __________ ___, 20__ 
 To Atlas Securitized Products Holdings Administration , L.P., as Administrative Agent 
 and Class A Funding Agent 
 230 Park Avenue, Suite 800 
 New York, NY 10169 
 Attention 
 Email 
 
 Atlas Securitized Products Administration, L.P., as Class A Funding Agent 
 230 Park Avenue, Suite 800 
 New York, NY 10169 
 Attention 
 Email 
 
 Silicon Valley Bank, a division of First Citizens Bank & Trust Company 
 as Class A Funding Agent 
 11 W 42nd Street, 13th Floor 
 New York, NY 10036 
 Attention 
 Email , 
 
 East West Bank, as Class A Funding Agent 
 135 N. Los Robles Avenue, 8th Floor 
 Pasadena, CA 91101 
 Attention 
 Email 
 
 ING Capital LLC, as Class A Funding Agent 
 1133 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10036 
 Attention 
 Email 
 
 Barclays Bank PLC, as Class A Funding Agent 
 745 Seventh Avenue, 5th Floor 
 New York, New York 10019 
 Email 
 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd., as Class A Funding Agent 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 B-2-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

1221 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10020 
 Attention 
 Email 
 
 LibreMax E Value Master Fund, Ltd., as a Class B Funding Agent 
 c o LibreMax Capital, LLC 
 600 Lexington Ave, 7th Floor 
 New York, NY 10022 
 Attention 
 
 Boston Patriot Saint James SPE LLC, as a Class B Funding Agent 
 c o LibreMax Capital, LLC 
 600 Lexington Ave, 7th Floor 
 New York, NY 10022 
 Attention 
 
 LibreMax Structured Opportunities Master Fund II, LP, as a Class B Funding Agent 
 c o LibreMax Capital, LLC 
 600 Lexington Ave, 7th Floor 
 New York, NY 10022 
 Attention 
 
 LibreMax Structured Income (ECI) Master Fund III, LP, as a Class B Funding Agent 
 c o LibreMax Capital, LLC 
 600 Lexington Ave, 7th Floor 
 New York, NY 10022 
 Attention 
 
 LibreMax Value Master Fund, Ltd., as a Class B Funding Agent 
 c o LibreMax Capital, LLC 
 600 Lexington Ave, 7th Floor 
 New York, NY 10022 
 Attention 
 
 LibreMax Opportunistic Value Master Fund, LP, as a Class B Funding Agent 
 c o LibreMax Capital, LLC 
 600 Lexington Ave, 7th Floor 
 New York, NY 10022 
 Attention 
 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 B-2-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Variant Impact Fund, as a Class B Funding Agent 
 10300 SW Greenburg Road, Suite 308 
 Portland, Oregon 97223 
 Attention Operations 
 Email 
 
 ACM AIF Evergreen P3 DAC SubCo LP 
 One Rockefeller Plaza, 32nd Floor 
 New York, NY 10020 
 Attention , , Sunnova Deal Team 
 Email 
 
 Atalaya Asset Income Fund Parallel 345 LP 
 One Rockefeller Plaza, 32nd Floor 
 New York, NY 10020 
 Attention , , Sunnova Deal Team 
 Email 
 
 Midtown Madison Management LLC, as a Class B Funding Agent 
 One Rockefeller Plaza, 32nd Floor 
 New York, NY 10020 
 Attention , , Sunnova Deal Team 
 Email 

Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Paying Agent 
 1505 Energy Park Drive 
 St. Paul, Minnesota 55108 
 Attention Computershare Corporate Trust Asset-Backed Administration 
 E-mail 
 Ladies and Gentlemen 
 Reference is made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2023 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC (the Borrower ), Atlas Securitized Products Holdings Administration , L.P., as Administrative Agent for the financial institutions that may from time to time become parties thereto as Lenders (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), the Lenders, Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Paying Agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as Verification Agent. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 A In accordance with Section 2.4 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower hereby requests that the Class A Lenders provide Class A Advances based on the following criteria 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 B-2-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

1. Aggregate principal amount of Class A Advances requested ____________ 
 2. Allocated amount of such Class A Advances to be paid by the Class A Lenders in each Class A Lender Group 
 Atlas Lender Group ________________ 
 _____________ ___________________ 
 3. _______________ should be transferred to the Liquidity Reserve Account 
 4. _______________ should be transferred to the Supplemental Reserve Account 
 5. _______________ should be transferred to the WIP Reserve Account 
 5 6 . Requested Funding Date ________ 
 6 7 . Account(s) to which Class A Funding Agents should wire the balance of the requested funds 
 Bank Name _________________ 
 ABA No. _________________ 
 Account Name _________________ 
 Account No. _________________ 
 Reference _________________ 
 7 8 . Attached to this notice as Exhibit A is the Borrowing Base Certificate in connection with these Class A Advances and a related Schedule of Solar Assets. 
 9. Attached to this notice as Exhibit C is the Advance Model in connection with these Advances. 
 B In accordance with Section 2.4 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower hereby requests that the Class B Lenders provide Class B Advances based on the following criteria 
 1. Aggregate principal amount of Class B Advances requested ____________ 
 2. Allocated amount of such Class B Advances to be paid by the Class B Lenders in each Class B Lender Group 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 B-2-4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

_____________ ________________ 
 _____________ ________________ 
 3. _______________ should be transferred to the Liquidity Reserve Account 
 4. _______________ should be transferred to the Supplemental Reserve Account 
 5. _______________ should be transferred to the WIP Reserve Account 
 5 6 . Requested Funding Date ________ 
 6 7 . Account(s) to which Class B Funding Agents should wire the balance of the requested funds 
 Bank Name _________________ 
 ABA No. _________________ 
 Account Name _________________ 
 Account No. _________________ 
 Reference _________________ 
 7 8 . Attached to this notice as Exhibit B is the Borrowing Base Certificate in connection with these Class B Advances and a related Schedule of Solar Assets. 
 C In accordance with Section 3.2 of the Credit Agreement, the Borrower hereby certifies that no Amortization Event, Event of Default, Potential Amortization Event or Potential Default has occurred and is continuing or would result from any borrowing of any Advance or from the application of the proceeds therefrom. 
 Very truly yours, 
 Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, as Borrower 
 By _________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 B-2-5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit A Borrowing Base Certificate 
 see attached 
 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 A B - 2- 6 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit B Borrowing Base Certificate 
 see attached 

118556040.20 118095118.53 B- 2- 7 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit C Advance Model 
 
 see attached 
 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 B- 2- 8 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit C Reserved 
 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 C-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit D-1 Form of Class A Loan Note Class A Loan Note 
 Up to ________ DATE 
 New York, New York 
 Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2023 (as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), Sunnova TE Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Facility Administrator, Atlas Securitized Products Holdings Administration , L.P., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders (including any Conduit Lender), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, each Funding Agent representing a group of Lenders party thereto, Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Paying Agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Verification Agent. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 For Value Received, the Borrower hereby promises to pay ________ , as Class A Funding Agent, for the benefit of the Class A Lenders in its Class A Lender Group (the Class A Loan Note Holder on the Maturity Date or such earlier date as provided in the Credit Agreement, in immediately available funds in lawful money of the United States the principal amount of up to __________ DOLLARS ________ or, if less, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Class A Advances made by the Class A Lenders in the Class A Loan Note Holder s Class A Lender Group to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon. 
 The Borrower also agrees to pay interest in like money to the Class A Loan Note Holder, for the benefit of the Class A Lenders in its Class A Lender Group, on the unpaid principal amount of each such Class A Advance from time to time from the date hereof until payment in full thereof at the rate or rates and on the dates set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 This Class A Loan Note is one of the Loan Notes referred to in, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement, which, among other things, contains provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain stated events and also for prepayments on account of the principal hereof prior to the maturity hereof upon the terms and conditions specified therein and is secured by the Collateral. 
 In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Class A Loan Note and the provisions of the Credit Agreement, the Credit Agreement will prevail. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 D-1-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

This Class A Loan Note and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Class A Loan Note and the transactions contemplated hereby shall, in accordance with Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 Any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Class A Loan Note may be brought in the courts of the State of New York (New York County) or of the United States for the Southern District of New York, and by execution and delivery of this Class A Loan Note, each of the parties hereto consents, for itself and in respect of its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of those courts. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably waives any objection, including any objection to the laying of venue or based on the grounds of forum non conveniens, or any legal process with respect to itself or any of its property, which it may now or hereafter have to the bringing of any action or proceeding in such jurisdiction in respect of this Class A Loan Note or any document related hereto. Each of the parties hereto waives personal service of any summons, complaint or other process, which may be made by any other means permitted by New York Law. 
 All parties hereunder hereby knowingly, voluntarily and intentionally waive any rights they may have to a trial by jury in respect of any litigation based hereon, or arising out of, under, or in connection with, this Class A Loan Note, or any course of conduct, course of dealing, statements (whether oral or written) or actions of the parties in connection herewith or therewith. All parties acknowledge and agree that they have received full and significant consideration for this provision and that this provision is a material inducement for all parties to enter into this Class A Loan Note. 
 This Class A Loan Note may be transferred or assigned by the holder hereof at any time, subject to compliance with the Credit Agreement and any applicable law. This Class A Loan Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and shall inure to the benefit of the holder hereof and its successors and assigns. The obligations and liabilities of the Borrower hereunder may not be assigned to any Person without the prior written consent of the holder hereof. Any such assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and of no force or effect. 
 Demand, presentment, protest and notice of nonpayment and protest are hereby waived by the Borrower. 
 Signature page follows. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 D-1-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

In Witness Whereof, this Class A Loan Note has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Borrower by its duly authorized officer on the date and year first written above. 
 Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, as Borrower 
 By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 D-1-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit D-2 Form of Class B Loan Note Class B Loan Note 
 Up to ________ DATE 
 New York, New York 
 Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2023 (as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), Sunnova TE Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as Facility Administrator, Atlas Securitized Products Holdings Administration , L.P., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders (including any Conduit Lender), the Lenders from time to time party thereto, each Funding Agent representing a group of Lenders party thereto, Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Paying Agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Verification Agent. Capitalized terms used and not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings ascribed to them in the Credit Agreement. 
 For Value Received, the Borrower hereby promises to pay ________ , as Class B Funding Agent, for the benefit of the Class B Lenders in its Class B Lender Group (the Class B Loan Note Holder on the Maturity Date or such earlier date as provided in the Credit Agreement, in immediately available funds in lawful money of the United States the principal amount of up to __________ DOLLARS ________ or, if less, the aggregate unpaid principal amount of all Class B Advances made by the Class B Lenders in the Class B Loan Note Holder s Class B Lender Group to the Borrower pursuant to the Credit Agreement together with all accrued but unpaid interest thereon. 
 The Borrower also agrees to pay interest in like money to the Class B Loan Note Holder, for the benefit of the Class B Lenders in its Class B Lender Group, on the unpaid principal amount of each such Class B Advance from time to time from the date hereof until payment in full thereof at the rate or rates and on the dates set forth in the Credit Agreement. 
 This Class B Loan Note is one of the Loan Notes referred to in, and is entitled to the benefits of, the Credit Agreement, which, among other things, contains provisions for acceleration of the maturity hereof upon the happening of certain stated events and also for prepayments on account of the principal hereof prior to the maturity hereof upon the terms and conditions specified therein and is secured by the Collateral. 
 In the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Class B Loan Note and the provisions of the Credit Agreement, the Credit Agreement will prevail. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 D-2-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

This Class B Loan Note and any claims, controversy, dispute or cause of action (whether in contract or tort or otherwise) based upon, arising out of or relating to this Class B Loan Note and the transactions contemplated hereby shall, in accordance with Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, be governed by, and construed in accordance with, the laws of the State of New York. 
 Any legal action or proceeding with respect to this Class B Loan Note may be brought in the courts of the State of New York (New York County) or of the United States for the Southern District of New York, and by execution and delivery of this Class B Loan Note, each of the parties hereto consents, for itself and in respect of its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of those courts. Each of the parties hereto irrevocably waives any objection, including any objection to the laying of venue or based on the grounds of forum non conveniens, or any legal process with respect to itself or any of its property, which it may now or hereafter have to the bringing of any action or proceeding in such jurisdiction in respect of this Class B Loan Note or any document related hereto. Each of the parties hereto waives personal service of any summons, complaint or other process, which may be made by any other means permitted by New York Law. 
 All parties hereunder hereby knowingly, voluntarily and intentionally waive any rights they may have to a trial by jury in respect of any litigation based hereon, or arising out of, under, or in connection with, this Class B Loan Note, or any course of conduct, course of dealing, statements (whether oral or written) or actions of the parties in connection herewith or therewith. All parties acknowledge and agree that they have received full and significant consideration for this provision and that this provision is a material inducement for all parties to enter into this Class B Loan Note. 
 This Class B Loan Note may be transferred or assigned by the holder hereof at any time, subject to compliance with the Credit Agreement and any applicable law. This Class B Loan Note shall be binding upon the Borrower and shall inure to the benefit of the holder hereof and its successors and assigns. The obligations and liabilities of the Borrower hereunder may not be assigned to any Person without the prior written consent of the holder hereof. Any such assignment in violation of this paragraph shall be void and of no force or effect. 
 Demand, presentment, protest and notice of nonpayment and protest are hereby waived by the Borrower. 
 Signature page follows. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 D-2-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

In Witness Whereof, this Class B Loan Note has been duly executed and delivered on behalf of the Borrower by its duly authorized officer on the date and year first written above. 
 Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, as Borrower 

By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 D-2-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

EXHIBIT E C OMMITMENTS 
 
 Class A Commitments 
 
 Commitment of Non-Conduit Lender 
 Non-Conduit Lender 
 Conduit Lender 
 AGF WHCO 1-A1 LP 
 N A 
 
 Silicon Valley Bank, a Division of First Citizens Bank & Trust Company 
 N A 
 
 East West Bank 
 N A 
 
 ING Capital LLC 
 N A 
 
 Barclays Bank PLC 
 Salisbury Receivables Company LLC 

Sheffield Receivables Company LLC 
 
 MUFG Bank, Ltd. 
 Victory Receivables Corporation 
 
 Total 

Class B Commitments 
 
 Commitment of 
 Non-Conduit Lender 
 Non-Conduit Lender 
 Conduit Lender 
 LibreMax E Value Master Fund, Ltd. 
 N A 
 
 Boston Patriot Saint James SPE LLC 
 N A 
 
 LibreMax Structured Opportunities Master Fund II, LP 
 N A 
 
 LibreMax Structured Income (ECI) Master Fund III, LP 
 N A 
 
 LibreMax Value Master Fund, Ltd. 
 N A 
 
 LibreMax Opportunistic Value Master Fund, LP N A 
 
 Variant Impact Fund N A 

118556040.20 118095118.53 E-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

ACM AIF Evergreen P3 DAC SubCo LP N A 
 
 Atalaya Asset Income Fund Parallel 345 LP N A 
 
 Total 

118556040.20 118095118.53 E-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit F Form of Assignment Agreement 
 This Assignment Agreement (the Assignment Agreement is dated as of the Effective Date set forth below and is entered into by and between the Assignor identified in item 1 below (the Assignor and the Assignee identified in item 2 below (the Assignee ). Capitalized terms used but not defined herein shall have the meanings given to them in the Credit Agreement identified below (as amended, the Credit Agreement ), receipt of a copy of which is hereby acknowledged by the Assignee. The Standard Terms and Conditions set forth in Annex 1 attached hereto are hereby agreed to and incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this Assignment Agreement as if set forth herein in full. 
 For an agreed consideration, the Assignor hereby irrevocably sells and assigns to the Assignee, and the Assignee hereby irrevocably purchases and assumes from the Assignor, subject to and in accordance with the Standard Terms and Conditions and the Credit Agreement, as of the Effective Date inserted by the Administrative Agent as contemplated below (i) all of the Assignor s rights and obligations in its capacity as a Class A Class B Lender under the Credit Agreement and any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto to the extent related to the amount and percentage interest identified below of all of such outstanding rights and obligations of the Assignor under the respective facilities identified below, and (ii) to the extent permitted to be assigned under applicable law, all claims, suits, causes of action and any other right of the Assignor (in its capacity as a Class A Class B Lender) against any Person, whether known or unknown, arising under or in connection with the Credit Agreement, any other documents or instruments delivered pursuant thereto or the loan transactions governed thereby or in any way based on or related to any of the foregoing, including, but not limited to, contract claims, tort claims, malpractice claims, statutory claims and all other claims at law or in equity related to the rights and obligations sold and assigned pursuant to clause (i) above (the rights and obligations sold and assigned by the Assignor to the Assignee pursuant to clauses (i) and (ii) above being referred to herein collectively as the Assigned Interest ). Each such sale and assignment is without recourse to the Assignor and, except as expressly provided in this Assignment Agreement, without representation or warranty by the Assignor. 
 1. Assignor ________________________________ 
 2. Assignee ________________________________ 
 3. Administrative Agent Atlas Securitized Products Holdings Administration , L.P. 
 4. Credit Agreement Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2023 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time), by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Sunnova TE Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Atlas Securitized Products Holdings Administration , L.P., as Administrative Agent for the Lenders (including any Conduit Lender) that may 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 F-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

become parties thereto, the Lenders, Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Paying Agent, and U.S. Bank National Association, as Verification Agent 
 6 5 . Assigned Interest 
 Assignor 
 Assignee 
 Type of Advances Assigned (Class A or Class B) 
 Assignor s Class A B Advances Outstanding 
 Class A B Commitment 
 Amount of Class A B Commitment Assigned 
 Amount of Advances Assigned 
 Percentage Assigned of Advances 

Signature pages follow 
 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 F-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Effective Date ________________, 20__ 
 The terms set forth in this Assignment Agreement are hereby agreed to 
 Assignor 
 Name of Assignor 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Assignee 
 Name of Assignee 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 Accepted 
 Atlas Securitized Products Holdings Administration , L.P., as Administrative Agent 
 By Atlas Securitized Products Advisors 
 Administration BKR GP, LLC , its general partner 
 By 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 F-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Annex 1 Standard Terms and Conditions for Assignment Agreement 
 1. Representations and Warranties. 
 Section 1.1 Assignor. The Assignor (a) represents and warrants that (i) it is the legal and beneficial owner of the Assigned Interest, (ii) the Assigned Interest is free and clear of any lien, encumbrance or other adverse claim and (iii) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and (b) assumes no responsibility with respect to (i) any statements, warranties or representations made in or in connection with the Credit Agreement or any other Transaction Document, (ii) the execution, legality, validity, enforceability, genuineness, sufficiency or value of the Transaction Documents or any collateral thereunder, (iii) the financial condition of the Borrower or any other Person obligated in respect of any Transaction Document, or (iv) the performance or observance by the Borrower or any other Person of any of their respective obligations under any Transaction Document. 
 Section 1.2 Assignee. The Assignee (a) represents and warrants that (i) it has full power and authority, and has taken all action necessary, to execute and deliver this Assignment Agreement and to consummate the transactions contemplated hereby and to become a Class A Class B Lender under the Credit Agreement, (ii) it meets all the requirements to be an assignee under Section 10.8 of the Credit Agreement (subject to such consents, if any, as may be required under Section 10.8 of the Credit Agreement), (iii) from and after the Effective Date, it shall be bound by the provisions of the Credit Agreement as a Class A Class B Lender thereunder and, to the extent of the Assigned Interest, shall have the obligations of a Class A Class B Lender thereunder, (iv) it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to acquire assets of the type represented by the Assigned Interest and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to acquire the Assigned Interest, is experienced in acquiring assets of such type, (v) it has received a copy of the Credit Agreement, and has received or has been accorded the opportunity to receive copies of the most recent financial statements delivered pursuant to the Credit Agreement, as applicable, and such other documents and information as it deems appropriate to make its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment Agreement and to purchase the Assigned Interest, (vi) it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Assignment Agreement and to purchase the Assigned Interest, and (vii) attached to the Assignment Agreement is any documentation required to be delivered by it pursuant to the terms of the Credit Agreement, duly completed and executed by the Assignee and (b) agrees that (i) it will, independently and without reliance on the Administrative Agent, the Assignor or any other Lender, and based on such documents and information as it shall deem appropriate at the time, continue to make its own credit decisions in taking or not taking action under the Transaction 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 F-4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Documents, and (ii) it will perform in accordance with their terms all of the obligations which by the terms of the Transaction Documents are required to be performed by it as a Lender. 
 2. Payments. 
 From and after the Effective Date, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments in respect of the Assigned Interest (including payments of principal, interest, fees and other amounts) to the Assignee whether such amounts have accrued prior to, on or after the Effective Date. The Assignor and the Assignee shall make all appropriate adjustments in payments by the Administrative Agent for periods prior to the Effective Date or with respect to the making of this assignment directly between themselves. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrative Agent shall make all payments of interest, fees or other amounts paid or payable in kind from and after the Effective Date to the Assignee. 
 3. General Provisions. 
 Section 3.1 This Assignment Agreement shall be binding upon, and inure to the benefit of, the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. 
 Section 3.2 This Assignment Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts, each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but such counterparts shall, together, constitute one and the same instrument. Each electronic signature or faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature shall for all purposes have the same validity, legal effect, and admissibility in evidence as an original manual signature. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this Assignment Agreement by email in portable document format (pdf) or by other electronic means shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Assignment Agreement. Each party hereto shall be entitled to conclusively rely upon, and shall have no liability with respect to, any faxed, scanned, or photocopied manual signature, or other electronic signature, of any party and shall have no duty to investigate, confirm or otherwise verify the validity or authenticity thereof. The words execution, execute, signed, signature, and words of like import in this Assignment Agreement shall be deemed to include electronic signatures or electronic records, each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be, to the extent and as provided for in any Applicable Law, including the Federal Electronic Signatures in Global and National Commerce Act, the New York State Electronic Signatures and Records Act, or any other similar state laws based on the Uniform Electronic Transactions Act. 
 Section 3.3 THIS ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR CAUSE OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS ASSIGNMENT AGREEMENT AND THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY SHALL, IN ACCORDANCE WITH SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAW OF 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 F-5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

THE STATE OF NEW YORK, BE GOVERNED BY, AND CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH, THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 F-6 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit G Form of Solar Service Agreement 
 On File with Administrative Agent 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 G-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit H Form of Notice of Delayed Funding 
 
 Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC 
 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540 
 Houston, TX 77046 
 Re Notice of Potential For Delayed Funding 
 Reference is made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2023 (as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC (the Borrower ), Atlas Securitized Products Holdings Administration , L.P., as Administrative Agent for the financial institutions that may from time to time become parties thereto as Lenders (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), the Lenders, Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Paying Agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as Verification Agent. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 Pursuant to Section 2.4(E) of the Credit Agreement, ___ , as a Non-Conduit Lender, hereby notifies the Borrower that it has incurred external costs, fees or expenses directly related to and as a result of the liquidity coverage ratio under Basel III in respect of its Commitments under the Credit Agreement and or its interests in the Loan Notes. 
 Sincerely, 
 ____ 
 By _____________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 H-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit I Delayed Funding Notice 
 Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC 
 20 East Greenway Plaza, Suite 540 
 Houston, TX 77046 
 Re Notice of Potential For Delayed Funding 
 Reference is made to the Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2023 (as further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC (the Borrower ), Atlas Securitized Products Holdings Administration , L.P., as Administrative Agent for the financial institutions that may from time to time become parties thereto as Lenders (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), the Lenders, Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Paying Agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as Verification Agent. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 Pursuant to Section 2.4(E) of the Credit Agreement, ___ , as a Non-Conduit Lender, hereby notifies the Borrower of its intent to fund its amount of the Advance related to the Notice of Borrowing delivered by the Borrower on __ , on a Business Day that is before ____ 3 , rather than on the date specified in such Notice of Borrowing. 
 Sincerely, 
 ____ 
 By _____________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 
 3 Thirty-five days following the date of delivery by such Non-Conduit Lender of this Delayed Funding Notice. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 I-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit J Underwriting and Reassignment Credit Policy 
 See attached 
 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 J-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit K Disqualified Lenders 

118556040.20 118095118.53 K-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit L Form of Allocation Reporting Letter 
 
 To 
 
 ING Capital LLC, 
 as Green Loan Structuring Agent 
 1133 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10036 
 Attention 
 E-mail 
 
 From Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC 
 Date DATE 
 Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2023 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC (the Borrower ), Atlas Securitized Products Holdings Administration , L.P., as Administrative Agent for the financial institutions that may from time to time become parties thereto as Lenders (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), the Lenders, Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Paying Agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as Verification Agent. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 1. Pursuant to Section 10.27 of the Credit Agreement, we hereby provide you with this Allocation Reporting Letter for the purpose of reporting on the actual use of proceeds of the Advances pursuant to the Credit Agreement. 
 2. We hereby confirm that all proceeds of the Advances have been applied in a manner that complies with Section 2.3 of the Credit Agreement. 
 3. We hereby confirm that the Eligible Green Projects Ratio is ___ x as of __date____ . 
 4. To date, USD insert amount of the proceeds of the Advances have been used to finance or refinance Eligible Green Projects as shown on the attached Exhibit A. Attach a list of the Eligible Green Projects financed or refinanced including the Discounted Solar Asset Balance of each. 

118556040.20 118095118.53 L-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

We certify the foregoing as being true and accurate in all material respects as at the date of this Allocation Reporting Letter. 
 Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, as Borrower 

By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 L-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit M Form of Impact Reporting Letter 
 
 To 
 
 ING Capital LLC, 
 as Green Loan Structuring Agent 
 1133 Avenue of the Americas 
 New York, NY 10036 
 Attention 
 E-mail 
 
 From Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC 
 Date DATE 
 
 Reference is made to that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2023 (as amended, amended and restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Credit Agreement ), by and among Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC (the Borrower ), Atlas Securitized Products Holdings Administration , L.P., as Administrative Agent for the financial institutions that may from time to time become parties thereto as Lenders (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), the Lenders, Computershare Trust Company, National Association, as Paying Agent and U.S. Bank National Association, as Verification Agent. Capitalized terms used herein but not defined herein shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 1. Pursuant to Section 10.27 of the Credit Agreement, we hereby provide you with this Impact Reporting Letter for the purpose of reporting on the expected impact of the use of proceeds of the Advances pursuant to the Credit Agreement. 
 2. Set forth below are the total expected solar capacity and greenhouse gas emissions avoided with respect to the Eligible Green Projects 
 
 Reference Period 
 Total Solar capacity in MW 
 Total Solar Power Generation in MWh 
 GHG Emissions Avoided in tCO 2 e 
 Year 1 

Year 2 

Year 3 

Year 4 

118556040.20 118095118.53 M-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

We certify that to our knowledge the foregoing is true and accurate in all material respects as at the date of this Impact Reporting Letter. 

Sunnova TEP Holdings, LLC, as Borrower 

By ____________________________________ 
 Name 
 Title 

118556040.20 118095118.53 M-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Exhibit N Acceptable Third-Party O&M and Services Providers 

1. 
 2. 

118095118.53 N-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule I Eligibility Criteria Representations and Warranties as to Solar Assets 
 1. Accuracy of Schedule of Solar Assets . Each entry with respect to the Solar Asset set forth on the Schedule of Solar Assets and the Advance Model is complete, accurate, true and correct in all material respects and does not omit any necessary information that makes such entry misleading, including (i) if such Solar Asset is a Substantial Stage Solar Asset or New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), the amount disbursed to Dealers for services rendered in respect of such Substantial Stage Solar Asset or New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer) and (ii) if such Solar Asset is a New Construction Solar Asset (Sub-PV6), the amount required to be paid by the related Host Customer in connection with a prepayment in full of amounts under the related Solar Service Agreement. 
 2. Form of Solar Service Agreement . The related Solar Service Agreement is (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will be), substantially in the form of one of the Parent s standard forms of Solar Service Agreement attached as Exhibit G to this Agreement (as such Exhibit may be modified after the Original Closing Date in accordance with Section 5.1(X) of the Agreement). The related Solar Service Agreement provides (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will provide) that an Approved Installer has designed, procured and installed, or will design, procure and install, a PV System at the property specified in such Solar Service Agreement and the Host Customer agrees to purchase electric energy produced by such PV System or lease such PV System. At the time of installation, such Approved Installer was properly licensed and had the required expertise to design, procure and install the related PV System. 
 3. Modifications to Solar Service Agreement . The terms of the related Solar Service Agreement have not been amended, waived, extended, or modified in any manner inconsistent with the Customer Collection Policy after the date such Solar Service Agreement is entered into. 
 4. Host Customer Payments in U.S. Dollars . The related Host Customer is (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will be) obligated per the terms of the related Solar Service Agreement to make payments in U.S. dollars to the owner of the related Solar Service Agreement or its designee. 
 5. Host Customer FICO Score . With respect to Retrofit Solar Assets, as of the date of the Solar Service Agreement, the related Host Customer has a FICO score of at least . 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule I-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

6. Weighted Average FICO Score . After giving effect to the Solar Asset s inclusion in the Collateral, the weighted average FICO score (determined (i) with respect to Retrofit Solar Assets, as of the dates of the related Solar Service Agreements and (ii) with respect to New Construction Solar Assets, as of the date Parent initially obtains a FICO score for the applicable Host Customer for Eligible Solar Assets will be at least . For the avoidance of doubt, New Construction Solar Assets with respect to which a FICO score has not been obtained for the applicable Host Customer shall not be included in this calculation. 
 7. Absolute and Unconditional Obligation . The related Solar Service Agreement is (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will be) by its terms an absolute and unconditional obligation of the Host Customer to pay for electricity generated and delivered or that will be generated and delivered by the related PV System to such Host Customer after the related PV System has been Placed in Service, and the payment obligations under the related Solar Service Agreement do not (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will not) provide for offset for any reason, including without limitation non-payment or non-performance by the Parent or any assignee thereof under any Customer Warranty Agreement or Performance Guaranty. 
 8. Non-cancelable Prepayable . Other than with respect to New Construction Solar Assets (Sub-PV6), the related Solar Service Agreement is (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will be) non-cancelable and prepayable by the Host Customer, if at all, only with a mandatory prepayment amount equal to or greater than an amount determined by the discounting of all remaining projected Host Customer Payments at a pre-determined discount rate of not more than 6.00 per annum. With respect to New Construction Solar Assets (Sub-PV6), the related Solar Service Agreement is non-cancelable and prepayable by the Host Customer, if at all, only with a mandatory prepayment amount equal to the amount specified in the Schedule of Solar Assets. 
 9. Freely Assignable . 
 a. Ownership of the related PV System is freely assignable to a Financing Fund or SAP, as applicable, and a security interest in such PV System may be granted by SAP, without the consent of any Person, except any such consent as has already been obtained. 
 b. The related Solar Service Agreement and the rights with respect to the related Solar Assets (other than the PV System) are (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will be) freely assignable to a Financing Fund or SAP, as applicable, and a security interest in such Solar Assets may be 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule I-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

granted by SAP, without the consent of any Person, except any such consent as has already been obtained. 
 10. Legal Compliance . The origination of the related Solar Service Agreement and related PV Systems, as installed, was in compliance (or in the case of a Substantial Stage Solar Asset or a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will be in compliance) in all material respects with respect to the applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations including those relating to usury, truth-in-lending, consumer credit protection and disclosure laws at the time such Solar Service Agreement was originated or such PV System was installed (or in the case of a Substantial Stage Solar Asset, will be installed), as applicable. 
 11. Legal, Valid and Binding Agreement . The related Solar Service Agreement is (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will be upon execution) the legal, valid and binding payment obligation of the related Host Customer, enforceable against such related Host Customer in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited in the future by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally, and except as such enforceability may be limited in the future by general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity). 
 12. No Delinquencies, Defaults or Terminations . With respect to Solar Assets other than New Construction Solar Assets (Non-Identified Customer), the related Solar Service Agreement is not a Delinquent Solar Asset or a Defaulted Solar Asset and the related PV System is not a Terminated Solar Asset. Furthermore, the Host Customer associated with such related Solar Service Agreement is not a Host Customer for any other Solar Service Agreement that was originated, acquired and or serviced by the Parent or any Affiliate thereof that would meet the definition of either Delinquent Solar Asset or Defaulted Solar Asset. 
 13. Minimum Payments Made . Either a minimum of one payment due under the related Solar Service Agreement has been made or the related Host Customer s first payment under the related Solar Service Agreement has not been made because such payment is not yet due but such payment is due (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will be due) in (or, in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset, on the first Business Day following) the calendar month either (a) with respect to Solar Assets (other than those described in clause (b) hereof), no later than the first full calendar month immediately following the later of (i) the related Transfer Date or (ii) the date that such Solar Asset is (or in the case of a Substantial Stage Solar Asset or a Final Stage Solar Asset, is expected to be) Placed in Service or (b) with respect to a Solar Asset (Promotional Product), no later than the third full calendar month immediately following the later of (i) the related Transfer Date or (ii) the date that such Solar Asset is (or in the 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule I-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

case of a Substantial Stage Solar Asset or a Final Stage Solar Asset, is expected to be) Placed in Service. 
 14. PV System and Solar Service Agreement Status . With respect to Solar Assets that have been Placed in Service, the related PV System has not been turned off due to a Host Customer delinquency under the Solar Service Agreement. 
 15. Affiliate Host Customers . Solar Service Agreements comprising no more than of the Aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance as of the Original Closing Date (with respect to the Initial Solar Assets) and as of the most recent Transfer Date (as to all Eligible Solar Assets then owned by a Financing Fund or SAP) are (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will be) related to Host Customers that are Persons who are employees of the Parent, the Borrower or any of their respective Affiliates. 
 16. No Adverse Selection . No selection procedures reasonably believed by the Parent or Borrower to be adverse to the Lenders were utilized in selecting such Solar Asset and the related Solar Service Agreement from among the Eligible Solar Assets directly owned by the Parent or its Affiliates. 
 17. Full Force and Effect . The related Solar Service Agreement is (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will be upon execution) in full force and effect in accordance with its respective terms, except as may be limited in the future by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally, and except as such enforceability may be limited in the future by general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity). 
 18. Ordinary Course of Business . The related Solar Service Agreement relates (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will relate) to the sale of power from or the leasing of a PV System, and such Solar Service Agreement was (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will be) originated or acquired consistent with the ordinary course of business of the Parent. 
 19. PV System . Except in the case of a Substantial Stage Solar Asset, the related PV System was properly delivered to and installed in good repair, without defects and in satisfactory order. Except in the case of a Substantial Stage Solar Asset or a Final Stage Solar Asset that is a New Construction Solar Asset, the related Host Customer has accepted the related PV System, and no related Host Customer has notified the Parent or any Affiliate thereof of any existing defects therein which is not in the process of being investigated, addressed or repaired by the Parent or any Affiliate thereof. Except in the case of a Substantial Stage Solar Asset, the Solar Photovoltaic Panels with respect to the related PV System were manufactured by an Approved Vendor at the time of installation. Except in the case of a Substantial Stage Solar Asset or a Final Stage Solar Asset that is a New 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule I-4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Construction Solar Asset, Inverters and Energy Storage Systems with respect to the related PV System were manufactured by an Approved Vendor at the time of installation. 
 20. No Defenses Asserted . Except in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), the related Solar Service Agreement, has not been satisfied, subordinated or rescinded and no lawsuit is pending with respect to such related Solar Service Agreement. 
 21. Insurance . With respect to the related PV System (other than if such PV System is related to a Substantial Stage Solar Asset), the Parent has obtained and does maintain insurance in amounts and coverage consistent with the Parent s policies. The Parent s policies in respect of amounts, coverage and monitoring compliance thereof are consistent with insurance broker recommendations based on probable maximum loss projections and with the Parent s historic loss experience, taking into account what is commercially reasonable and available in the market on commercially reasonable terms. All such required insurance is in full force and effect. 
 22. Taxes and Governmental Charges . The transfer, assignment and the pledge of the Collateral by the Borrower, a Managing Member and SAP pursuant to the Security Agreement and the Pledge Agreement is not subject to and will not result in any Tax payable by the Borrower to any federal, state or local government except as has been paid or provided for. No Tax is owed in connection with any period prior to the applicable Cut-Off Date or with respect to the sale, contribution or assignment of Conveyed Property by the applicable Assignor to SAP Seller, by SAP Seller to TEP Resources, by TEP Resources to the Borrower or by the Borrower to SAP, except as has been paid or provided for. 
 23. Governing Law of Solar Service Agreement . The related Solar Service Agreement is (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will be) governed by the laws of a state or territory of the United States and was not originated in, nor is it subject to the laws of, any jurisdiction, the laws of which would make unlawful the sale, transfer, pledge or assignment of such Solar Service Agreement under any of the Transaction Documents, including any exchange for refund in accordance with the Transaction Documents. 
 24. No Unpaid Fees . Except in the case of a Substantial Stage Solar Asset or a Final Stage Solar Asset, there are no unpaid fees owed to third parties relating to the origination of the related Solar Service Agreement and installation of the related PV System. 
 25. Payment Terms of Solar Service Agreement . The related Solar Service Agreement provides (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will provide) that the Host Customer thereunder is required to make periodic Host 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule I-5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Customer Payments, which are due and payable on a monthly basis, during the term of the related Solar Service Agreement. 
 26. PBI Payments . 
 a. Except with respect to Substantial Stage Solar Assets and Final Stage Solar Assets, all applications, forms and other filings required to be submitted in connection with the procurement of PBI Payments have been properly made in all material respects under applicable law, rules and regulations and the related PBI Obligor has provided a written reservation approval (which may be in the form of electronic mail from the related PBI Obligor) for the payment of PBI Payments. 
 b. Except with respect to Substantial Stage Solar Assets and Final Stage Solar Assets, all conditions to the payment of PBI Payments by the related PBI Obligor (including but not limited to the size of the PV Systems, final site visits, provision of data, installation of metering, proof of project completion, production data and execution and delivery of final forms and related agreements (including all applications, forms and other filings and any written reservation approvals, Interconnection Agreements and REC purchase agreements, if required, each, a Performance Based Incentive Agreement )) have been satisfied or approved, as applicable, and the PBI Obligor s payment obligation is an absolute and unconditional obligation of the PBI Obligor that is not, by the terms of the related Performance Based Incentive Agreement, subject to offset for any reason. 
 c. Copies of all PBI Documents and the Performance Based Incentive Agreement, if any, for PBI Payments have been delivered to the Verification Agent as of the Original Closing Date (as to the Initial Solar Assets) or the related Transfer Date (as to any Additional Solar Asset). 
 d. To the extent the rights to receive PBI Payments and the related Performance Based Incentive Agreement, if any, are not freely assignable without the consent of the related PBI Obligor, or if consent or notice to any Person is required for the grant of a security interest, such consent will have been obtained or notice will have been given as of the Original Closing Date (as to the Initial Solar Assets) or the related Transfer Date (as to any Additional Solar Asset). The PBI Payments are not subject to any law, rule or regulation which would make unlawful the sale, transfer, pledge or assignment of any rights to the PBI Payments within the regulations set forth with respect to such PBI Payments. Immediately prior to the transfer of the rights to the PBI Payments and the related Performance Based Incentive Agreement, if any, to a Financing Fund, the Borrower or SAP, Financing Fund Seller, TEP Resources or the Borrower, as applicable, had full legal and equitable title to such rights, free and clear of all Liens except for Permitted Liens and a Financing Fund or SAP, as applicable, acquired full legal 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule I-6 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

and equitable title to such PBI Payments and the related Performance Based Incentive Agreement, free and clear of all Liens, except for Permitted Liens or Permitted Equity Liens. To the extent that notice is required, upon completion of the assignment of a Performance Based Incentive Agreement to a Financing Fund or SAP, as applicable, the Parent or an affiliate thereof delivered notice to the PBI Obligor indicating that such Financing Fund or SAP, as applicable, is the owner of the related PV System and the payee of the PBI Payment. 
 e. If a Performance Based Incentive Agreement is required by the laws, rules or regulations governing the obligations of the PBI Obligor to pay the PBI Payments, such Performance Based Incentive Agreement is, or will be, to the best of the knowledge of the Parent, the legal valid and binding payment obligation of the PBI Obligor, enforceable against such PBI Obligor in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally, and except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity (whether considered at law or in equity). 
 f. The transfer, assignment and pledge of the rights to the PBI Payments is not subject to and will not result in any tax, fee or governmental charge payable by the Borrower to any federal, state or local government, except as paid. 
 27. Host Customer . The related Solar Service Agreement was (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will be) either originated or acquired by the Parent or SunStreet in the ordinary course of business and, other than with respect to Solar Assets originated by SunStreet prior to May 6, 2021, in accordance with the applicable Underwriting and Reassignment Credit Policy. 
 28. Warranties . All Manufacturer Warranties relating to the related PV System are in full force and effect and can be enforced by a Financing Fund, SAP or the Manager (other than with respect to those Manufacturer Warranties that are no longer being honored by the relevant manufacturer with respect to all customers generally, and except as such enforceability may be limited in the future by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally, and except as such enforceability may be limited in the future by general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity). 
 29. True Lease . The related Solar Service Agreement in the form of a Lease Agreement is (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will be) a true lease, as defined in Article 2-A of the UCC. 
 30. UCC . The related Solar Service Agreement and rights to PBI Payments constitute (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will constitute) 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule I-7 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

general intangibles , accounts or chattel paper within the meaning of the applicable UCC. No Solar Service Agreement is, within the meaning of the applicable UCC, evidenced by (a) a record or records of information that is inscribed on a tangible medium or (b) an authoritative tangible copy of record. The PV Systems constitute Inventory or Equipment within the meaning of the applicable UCC. Upon the filing of all appropriate financing statements in the proper filing offices in the appropriate jurisdictions, the Administrative Agent will have a first priority perfected security interest in and to the Solar Service Agreements, the rights to PBI Payments and the PV Systems, subject to Permitted Liens and in each case related solely to the SAP Solar Assets. 
 31. Fixture Filing . If the related PV System is located in California, a NOISEPC has been filed with respect to such PV System pursuant to and in compliance with Cal. Pub. Util. Code 2868-2869. If the related PV System is not located in California, either (i) the Parent utilizes a multiple listing service monitoring platform to monitor potential upcoming changes to the ownership of the real property underlying the PV System or (ii) a precautionary fixture filing on a form UCC-1 has been filed with respect to such PV System in the applicable real property records concerning third-party ownership of the PV System. The terms of the related Solar Service Agreement provide (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will provide) that the parties thereto agree that the related PV System is not a fixture. 
 32. PV System Location . The related PV System is installed (or in the case of a Substantial Stage Solar Asset, will be installed) in one of the 50 states of the United States, the District of Columbia or an Approved U.S. Territory. 
 33. PV System . 
 a. The related PV System was installed (or in the case of a Substantial Stage Solar Asset, will be installed) on a Single-Family Residential Property, a multi-family home, clubhouse or apartment building in accordance with the applicable Underwriting and Reassignment Credit Policy 
 b. Except in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer) or a New Construction Solar Asset which is not installed on a Single-Family Residential Property, one or more of the Host Customers (i) is an individual that is not deceased and is not a governmental entity, a business, a corporation, institution or other legal entity (a natural person provided, that 5.00 of the Aggregate Discounted Solar Asset Balance may relate to Host Customers that are a limited liability company, corporation, trust, partnership or other legal entity if (A) the Parent has determined that the controlling member of the limited liability company, controlling stockholder of the corporation, trustee of the trust, general partner of the partnership or other equivalent controlling person the legal entity is a natural person and (B) the Parent has performed the same underwriting process 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule I-8 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

in connection with such natural person as it applies to Host Customers that are natural persons (ii) voluntarily entered into such Solar Service Agreement and not as a result of fraud or identity theft, and (iii) owns the real property on which the PV System is installed in one of the 50 states of the United States, the District of Columbia or an Approved U.S. Territory provided, that in the case where the Host Customer is a natural person, the residence may be owned by a limited liability company, corporation, trust, partnership or other legal entity for which the Parent has determined that the Host Customer is the controlling member, controlling stockholder, trustee, general partner or other equivalent controlling person. 
 c. No related Host Customer has notified the Parent or any Affiliate thereof of any damage or other casualty affecting the PV system or home and neither the Parent nor any Affiliate thereof is aware of any other event that has occurred, in each case, that would affect the value or performance of the Solar Asset or the PV System. All parts and materials furnished in connection with the initial installation of the related PV System which are material to the solar energy production performance of such PV System, including but not limited to the Solar Photovoltaic Panels and Inverters, are (or in the case of a Substantial Stage Solar Asset, will be) newly manufactured with a manufacturer date no more than 12 months prior to the date the Solar Asset was originated. 
 34. Hedged SRECs. With respect to all Solar Assets for which the related Host Customer is a resident of either New Jersey or Massachusetts, the Projected SREC Hedge Ratio determined for the SREC Years 2020, 2021 and 2022 does not exceed . 
 35. Maximum Solar Asset Tenor . The original term to maturity of the Solar Asset does not (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will not) exceed 300 months. 
 36. Host Customer Solvency Other than with respect to New Construction Solar Assets (Non-Identified Customer), (i) the Host Customer is not a debtor in a bankruptcy case as of the Original Closing Date (in the case of the Initial Solar Assets) or the related Transfer Date (in the case of Additional Solar Assets), and (ii) the Host Customer has not commenced any litigation or asserted any claim in writing challenging the validity or enforceability of the related Solar Service Agreement. 
 37. No Impairment . Neither the Parent nor any of its Affiliates has done anything to impair the rights of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in the Collateral or payments with respect thereto. 
 38. Ownership . A Financing Fund or SAP, as applicable, has full legal and equitable title to (i) the related PV System (or if the related Solar Asset is not yet Placed in Service, will 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule I-9 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

have full legal and equitable title immediately upon the completion of installation of such PV System and approval of a commissioning package submitted by the Approved Installer) and (ii) the related Solar Service Agreement upon execution of such agreement, in each case free and clear of all Liens except for Permitted Liens and Permitted Equity Liens. 
 39. Final Stage Solar Asset . If such Solar Asset is a Final Stage Solar Asset, such Solar Asset will not be a Final Stage Solar Asset for more than 180 days since the date such Solar Asset first constituted a Final Stage Solar Asset. 
 40. Substantial Stage Solar Asset . If such Solar Asset is a Substantial Stage Solar Asset, (i) such Solar Asset will not be a Substantial Stage Solar Asset for more than 150 days since the date such Solar Asset first constituted a Substantial Stage Solar Asset and (ii) with respect to Retrofit Solar Assets, the related Host Customer has not cancelled the installation of the Solar Asset notwithstanding receipt of the related notice to proceed. 
 41. Puerto Rico Solar Asset . If such Solar Asset is a Puerto Rico Solar Asset, the related PV System relies on one or more Energy Storage Systems and does not rely on the operation of the utility grid in order to operate. 
 42. Hedged SREC Payments . 
 a. All applications, forms and other filings required to be submitted in connection with the procurement of Hedged SREC Payments have been properly made in all material respects under applicable law, rules and regulations and the related Eligible Hedged SREC Counterparty has provided a written reservation approval (which may be in the form of electronic mail from the related Eligible Hedged SREC Counterparty) for the payment of Hedged SREC Payments. 
 b. All conditions to the payment of Hedged SREC Payments by the related Eligible Hedged SREC Counterparty have been satisfied or approved, as applicable, and the Eligible Hedged SREC Counterparty s payment obligation is an absolute and unconditional obligation of the Eligible Hedged SREC Counterparty that is not, by the terms of the related Hedged SREC Agreement, subject to offset for any reason. 
 c. Copies of all Hedged SREC Agreements with respect to Hedged SREC Payments have been delivered to the Verification Agent as of the Original Closing Date (as to the Initial Solar Assets) or the related Transfer Date (as to any Additional Solar Asset). 
 d. To the extent that the rights to receive Hedged SREC Payments and the related Hedged SREC Agreement, if any, are not freely assignable without the consent of the Eligible Hedged SREC Counterparty, or if consent of or notice to any Person 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule I-10 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

is required for the grant of a security interest, such consent will have been obtained or notice will have been given as of the effective date of the applicable Hedged SREC Agreement. The Hedged SREC Payments are not subject to any law, rule or regulation which would make unlawful the sale, transfer, pledge or assignment of any rights to the Hedged SREC Payments within the regulations set forth with respect to such Hedged SREC Payments. 
 e. If a Hedged SREC Agreement is required by the laws, rules or regulations governing the obligations of the Eligible Hedged SREC Counterparty to pay the Hedged SREC Payments, such Hedged SREC Agreement is, to the best of the knowledge of the Parent, the legal valid and binding payment obligation of the Eligible Hedged SREC Counterparty, enforceable against such Eligible Hedged SREC Counterparty in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally, and except as such enforceability may be limited by general principles of equity (whether considered at law or in equity). 
 f. The transfer, assignment and pledge of the rights to the Hedged SREC Payments is not subject to and will not result in any tax, fee or governmental charge payable by the Borrower to any federal, state or local government, except as paid. 
 g. The related Hedged SREC Agreement was originated by the Borrower. 
 43. Delivery of Solar Service Agreement . Except with respect to New Construction Solar Assets (Non-Identified Customer), the related Solar Service Agreement and any amendments or modifications have been converted into an electronic (.pdf) form (an Electronic Copy and delivered to the Verification Agent. Except with respect to New Construction Solar Assets (Non-Identified Customer), the related original (or authoritative copy for purposes of the UCC) of the Solar Service Agreement and any amendments or modifications have been destroyed on or before the Original Closing Date (as to the Initial Solar Assets) or the related Transfer Date (as to any Additional Solar Asset) in compliance with the Parent s document storage policies or, if not destroyed, no other Person has or could obtain possession or control thereof in a manner that would enable such Person to claim priority over the lien of the Administrative Agent. 
 44. Financing Funds SAP . 
 a. Each Tax Equity Financing Document to which any Tax Equity Party is a party is a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Tax Equity Party, enforceable against such Tax Equity Party in accordance with its terms, except as such enforceability may be limited in the future by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule I-11 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally, and except as such enforceability may be limited in the future by general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity). None of the Tax Equity Financing Documents to which a Tax Equity Party is a party has been amended or modified since the effective date of such Tax Equity Financing Documents other than as set forth on Schedule VIII . No Tax Equity Party is party to any material contract, agreement or other undertaking except the Tax Equity Financing Documents and any other contract, agreement or undertaking previously disclosed in writing to the Administrative Agent. 
 b. All Tax Equity Financing Documents are in full force and effect and no material breach, default or event of default has occurred and is continuing thereunder or in connection therewith, except in either case to the extent that such breach, default or event of default could not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or that could have a material adverse effect on the PV Systems owned by a Financing Fund or the PV Systems owned by SAP or on the legality, validity or enforceability of the Tax Equity Financing Documents. 
 c. None of the Managing Members, the Financing Funds or SAP has any indebtedness or other obligations or liabilities, direct or contingent other than (i) as permitted under or not prohibited by the Transaction Documents, (ii) contracts and other agreements entered into in the ordinary course of business in connection with the applicable Managing Member s or Financing Fund s ownership of Solar Assets, to the extent such contract or other agreement does not impose obligations on such Managing Member or Financing Fund which would reasonably be expected to have an adverse effect on such Managing Member or Financing Fund or such Solar Assets and to the extent such contract or other agreement is not prohibited by the Transaction Documents or the terms of the applicable Tax Equity Financing Documents and (iii) in the case of the Managing Members, the indebtedness of such Managing Member to the applicable Financing Fund evidencing such Managing Member s obligations to make capital contributions to such Financing Fund in accordance with the applicable Financing Fund LLCA provided that, with respect to any such indebtedness described in this clause (iii), (A) (1) such indebtedness shall be without duplication of such capital contribution obligations, (2) the principal thereof shall be repaid (or deemed repaid) by such Managing Member concurrently with the funding of such Managing Member s capital contribution obligations, with the remainder (if any) of such indebtedness being due and payable by the Managing Member on the maturity date of such indebtedness, (3) (x) such Managing Member shall not be in default of any obligation to make payments of interest (if any) on such indebtedness to the related Financing Fund and (y) such indebtedness shall require that any such payments of interest thereon be in amounts that will be distributed back to such Managing Member by such Financing Fund within 20 days of when such 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule I-12 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

payments are made to such Financing Fund, (4) such indebtedness shall not impose any tax liability on the Borrower, any Managing Member or any Financing Fund, including, but not limited to any potential Tax Loss and (5) such indebtedness shall not have any provisions providing for acceleration thereof or, except as expressly required under clause (A)(2), otherwise become due and payable prior to its stated maturity date or (B) such indebtedness shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. The Managing Members have full legal and equitable title to the Managing Member Interests free and clear of all Liens, other than Permitted Liens and Permitted Equity Liens. 
 d. No loan to the Managing Members, the Financing Funds or SAP made or indebtedness incurred prior to the related Original Closing Date remains outstanding. 
 e. Each of the Managing Members and SAP is a limited liability company that is disregarded for federal income tax purposes. 
 f. None of the Managing Members, the Financing Funds or SAP is in breach or default under or with respect to any material contractual obligation. 
 g. None of the Managing Members, the Financing Funds or SAP has conducted any business other than the business contemplated by the Tax Equity Financing Documents. 
 h. No event has occurred under the Tax Equity Financing Documents that would allow a Tax Equity Investor or another member to remove, or give notice of removal of, the related Managing Member, nor has a Managing Member given or received notice of an action, claim or threat of removal. 
 i. No event or circumstance occurred and is continuing that has resulted or would reasonably be expected result in or trigger any limitation, reduction, suspension or other restriction of the Managing Member Distributions. 
 j. There are no actions, suits, proceedings, claims or disputes pending or, to the Borrower s knowledge, threatened in writing or contemplated, at law, in equity, in arbitration or before any Governmental Authority, by or against a Financing Fund, SAP or a Managing Member, or against any of their properties or revenues that, either individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect or that could have a material adverse effect on the Solar Assets or on the legality, validity or enforceability of any of the Transaction Documents or any of the Tax Equity Financing Documents. 
 k. No notice or action challenging the tax structure, tax basis validity, tax characterization or tax-related legal compliance of the Tax Equity Facility or the 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule I-13 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

tax benefits associated with the Tax Equity Facility is ongoing or has been resolved in a manner adverse to the Tax Equity Facility or a Managing Member, in each case, that would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on the Tax Equity Facility or a Managing Member. 
 l. The only holders of equity interests in the Financing Funds are the Managing Members and Tax Equity Investors and, other than the Purchase Options and the Financing Fund Withdrawal Rights, there are no outstanding obligations of the Managing Members or a Tax Equity Investor to repurchase, redeem, or otherwise acquire any membership or other equity interests in the Managing Members and a Tax Equity Investor, as applicable, or to make payments to any person, such as phantom stock payments, where the amount thereof is calculated with reference to the fair market value or equity value of the Managing Members and a Tax Equity Investor, as applicable. The class or classes of membership interests that a Financing Fund is authorized to issue and has issued are expressly set forth in its Financing Fund LLCA. 
 m. Each of the Financing Funds and SAP has filed, or has caused to be filed with the appropriate tax authority, all federal, state and local tax returns that it is required to file and has paid or has caused to be paid all taxes it is required to pay to the extent due provided, however, that each of the Financing Funds and SAP may contest in good faith any such taxes and, in such event, may permit the taxes so contested to remain unpaid during any period, including appeals, when the Financing Funds and SAP, as applicable, are in good faith contesting the same, so long as such contest is pursued in accordance with the requirements of each applicable Tax Equity Financing Document. There is no action, suit, proceeding, investigation, audit or claim now pending by a taxing authority regarding any taxes relating to the Financing Funds or SAP that could, if made, individually or in the aggregate have a Material Adverse Effect. 
 n. The Borrower has delivered to the Administrative Agent the most recent financial statements (including the notes thereto) prepared in respect of the Financing Funds and SAP pursuant to the requirements of the Tax Equity Financing Documents, and such financial statements (if any) (a) fairly present in all material respects the financial condition of the Financing Funds and SAP, as applicable, as of the date thereof and (b) have been prepared in accordance with the requirements of Tax Equity Financing Documents. Such financial statements and notes thereto disclose all direct or contingent material liabilities of the Financing Funds and SAP as of the dates thereof, including liabilities for taxes, material commitments and debt. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule I-14 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

o. The Financing Funds or SAP, as applicable, is (or in the case of a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), will be) party to each Solar Service Agreement in respect of each PV System owned by it. 
 45. Takeout Transaction Failure . No Takeout Transaction Failure has occurred with respect to the related Financing Fund. 
 46. Ancillary PV System Components . If such Solar Asset is not a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer) and the related PV System contains Ancillary PV System Components 
 a. the Sunnova Tracking System specifically identifies the portion of the amounts payable under the related Solar Service Agreement that relate to such Ancillary PV System Components and the amounts payable that relate to the PV System (without inclusion of such Ancillary PV System Components) and any related Energy Storage System 
 b. the related Solar Service Agreement does not provide that such Ancillary PV System Components will be replaced by the Parent or any affiliate thereof 
 c. there is no obligation under the related Solar Service Agreement or other document that requires the Parent or any Affiliate thereof to provide (either directly or indirectly) any operations or maintenance services with respect to such Ancillary PV System Components, except for generators (if any) 
 d. to the extent such Ancillary PV System Components include a generator (i) the owner of the related Solar Asset shall have executed an operations and maintenance agreement with an affiliate of the Parent in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent, which operations and maintenance agreement provides for operation and maintenance services for generators, (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received satisfactory due diligence from an independent engineer supporting the expected operation and maintenance costs associated with generators included in Ancillary PV System Components and (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have provided its consent to such inclusion 
 e. none of the Borrower or any of its affiliates provide any warranties in respect of such Ancillary PV System Components and 
 f. the procurement cost attributable to such Ancillary PV System Components does not exceed of the Total Equipment Cost of the related Solar Asset. 
 47. New Construction Solar Assets . If such Solar Asset is a New Construction Solar Asset 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule I-15 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

a. with respect to a New Construction Solar Asset (Non-Identified Customer), the agreement with the related Homebuilder and guarantor thereof (if any) is (i) a legal, valid and binding obligation of the parties thereto, and (ii) in full force and effect in accordance with its respective terms, except as may be limited in the future by applicable bankruptcy, reorganization, insolvency, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally, and except as such enforceability may be limited in the future by general principles of equity (whether considered in a suit at law or in equity) and 
 b. such New Construction Solar Asset may only be owned by SAP if it has been Placed in Service. 
 48. Special Representations . Any eligibility representations with respect to a Financing Fund set forth in Column H of Schedule XII. 
 49. ITC Percentage . With respect to a Financing Funding, no model affecting Managing Member Distributions delivered to (and agreed to in writing by) the related Tax Equity Investor pursuant to the applicable Financing Fund LLCA or ITC Buyer pursuant to a related ITC Transfer Agreement shall reflect Tax Credits with respect to any Solar Asset owned by such Financing Fund in an amount greater than unless (i) such increase in the Tax Credits is a result of an adder for an Approved Bonus Credit and (ii) such Financing Fund is covered by a Tax Loss Insurance Policy which provides sufficient coverage for such increased Tax Credits (as determined by a single counsel to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) of the Project Purchase Price of such Solar Asset. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule I-16 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule II The Collection Account, the Supplemental Reserve Account, the Liquidity Reserve Account, the SAP Lockbox Account, the WIP Reserve Account, the SAP Revenue Account, the Takeout Transaction Account and the Borrower s Account 
 
 Collection Account 
 Bank Name 
 ABA No. 
 Account No. 
 Account Name 
 FFC 
 
 Supplemental Reserve Account 
 Bank Name 
 ABA No. 
 Account No. 
 Account Name 
 FFC 
 
 Liquidity Reserve Account 
 Bank Name 
 ABA No. 
 Acct 
 Account Name 
 FFC 
 
 WIP Reserve Account 
 Bank Name 
 ABA No. 
 Acct 
 Account Name 
 FFC 
 
 SAP Lockbox Account 
 Bank Name 
 ABA No. 
 Account No. 
 Account Name 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule II-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

FFC 
 
 SAP Revenue Account 
 Bank Name 
 ABA No. 
 Account No. 
 Account Name 
 FFC 
 
 Takeout Transaction Account 
 Bank Name 
 ABA No. 
 Account No. 
 Account Name 
 FFC 
 
 Borrower s Account 
 Bank Name 
 ABA No. 
 Account No. 
 Account Name 
 Reference 

118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule II-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule III Reserved 
 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule III-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule IV Scheduled Hedged SREC Payments 
 On file with the Administrative Agent 

118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule IV-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule V Scheduled Host Customer Payments 
 On file with the Administrative Agent 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule V-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule VI Scheduled PBI Payments 
 On file with the Administrative Agent 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule VI-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule VII Scheduled Managing Member Distributions 
 On file with the Administrative Agent 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule VII-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule VIII 
 
 Tax Equity Definitions 
 (as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date) 
 Financing Funds 
 1. Sunnova TEP 7- D F , LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TEP 7- D F 
 2. Sunnova TEP 7 8 - F A , LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TEP 7 8 - F A 
 3. Sunnova TEP 8- A B , LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TEP 8- A B 
 4. Sunnova TEP 8- B C , LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TEP 8- B C 
 5. Sunnova TEP 8- C D , LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TEP 8- C D 
 6. Sunnova TEP 8- D E , LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TEP 8- D E 
 7. Sunnova TEP 8- E F , LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TEP 8- E F 
 8. Sunnova TEP 8- F G , LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TEP 8- F G 
 9. Sunnova TEP 8-G, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company TEP 8-G 
 
 Financing Fund LLCAs 
 1. With respect to TEP 7-D, the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2022, entered into between the applicable Managing Member and the applicable Tax Equity Investor, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Sunnova TEP 7-D, LLC, dated as of June 2, 2023, and that certain Second Amendment to Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Sunnova TEP 7-D, LLC, dated as of September 25, 2024 (the TEP 7-D LLCA 
 2 1 . With respect to TEP 7-F, the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2023, entered into between the applicable Managing Member and the applicable Tax Equity Investor, as amended by that certain First Amendment to the TEP 7-F Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2024 (the TEP 7-F LLCA 
 3 2 . With respect to TEP 8-A, the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2023, entered into between the applicable Managing Member and the applicable Tax Equity Investor (the TEP 8-A LLCA 
 4 3 . With respect to TEP 8-B, the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of December 7, 2023, entered into between the applicable Managing Member and the applicable Tax Equity Investor, as amended by that certain First Amendment to the TEP 8-B Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2024 (the TEP 8-B LLCA 
 5 4 . With respect to TEP 8-C, the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2023, entered into between the applicable Managing Member and the applicable Tax Equity Investor (the TEP 8-C LLCA 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule VIII-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

6 5 . With respect to TEP 8-D, the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2024, entered into between the applicable Managing Member and the applicable Tax Equity Investor (the TEP 8-D LLCA 
 7 6 . With respect to TEP 8-E, the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2024, entered into between the applicable Managing Member and the applicable Tax Equity Investor (the TEP 8-E LLCA 
 8 7 . With respect to TEP 8-F, the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2024, entered into between the applicable Managing Member and the applicable Tax Equity Investor (the TEP 8-F LLCA 
 9 8 . With respect to TEP 8-G, the Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2024, entered into between the applicable Managing Member and the applicable Tax Equity Investor (the TEP 8-G LLCA 
 
 Management Agreements 
 1. Management Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2022, by and between the Manager and TEP 7-D TEP 7-D Management Agreement 
 2 1 . Management Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2023, by and between the Manager and TEP 7-F TEP 7-F Management Agreement 
 3 2 . Management Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2023, by and between the Manager and TEP 8-A TEP 8-A Management Agreement 
 4 3 . Management Agreement, dated as of December 7, 2023, by and between the Manager and TEP 8-B TEP 8-B Management Agreement 
 5 4 . Management Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2023, by and between the Manager and TEP 8-C TEP 8-C Management Agreement 
 6 5 . Management Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2024, by and between the Manager and TEP 8-D TEP 8-D Management Agreement 
 7 6 . Management Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2024, by and between the Manager and TEP 8-E TEP 8-E Management Agreement 
 8 7 . Management Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2024, by and between the Manager and TEP 8-F TEP 8-F Management Agreement 
 9 8 . Management Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2024, by and between the Manager and TEP 8-G TEP 8-G Management Agreement 
 
 Managers 
 1. Sunnova TE Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule VIII-2 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Managing Members 
 1. Sunnova TEP 7- D F Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 2. Sunnova TEP 7 8 - F A Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 3. Sunnova TEP 8- A B Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 4. Sunnova TEP 8- B C Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 5. Sunnova TEP 8- C D Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 6. Sunnova TEP 8- D E Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 7. Sunnova TEP 8- E F Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 8. Sunnova TEP 8- F G Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 9. Sunnova TEP 8-G Manager, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company 
 Managing Member Interests 
 1. The Class B Interest in TEP 7-D 
 2. To the extent the TEP 7-D Purchase Option is exercised, the Class A Interest in TEP 7-D 
 3. The Class B Interest in TEP 7-F 
 4 1 . To the extent the TEP 7-F Purchase Option is exercised or TEP 7-F Withdrawal Right is exercised, the Class A Interest in TEP 7-F 
 5 2 . The Class B Interest in TEP 8-A 
 6 3 . To the extent the TEP 8-A Purchase Option is exercised, the Class A Interest in TEP 8-A 
 7 4 . The Class B Interest in TEP 8-B 
 8 5 . To the extent the TEP 8-B Purchase Option is exercised, the Class A Interest in TEP 8-B 
 9 6 . The Class B Interest in TEP 8-C 
 10 7 . To the extent the TEP 8-C Purchase Option is exercised, the Class A Interest in TEP 8-C 
 11 8 . The Class B Interest in TEP 8-D 
 12 9 . To the extent the TEP 8-D Purchase Option is exercised, the Class A Interest in TEP 8-D 
 13 10 . The Class B Interest in TEP 8-E 
 14 11 . To the extent the TEP 8-E Purchase Option is exercised, the Class A Interest in TEP 8-E 
 15 12 . The Class B Interest in TEP 8-F 
 16 13 . To the extent the TEP 8-F Purchase Option is exercised or TEP 8-F Withdrawal Right is exercised, the Class A Interest in TEP 8-F 
 17 14 . The Class B Interest in TEP 8-G 
 18 15 . To the extent the TEP 8-G Purchase Option is exercised or TEP 8-G Withdrawal Right is exercised, the Class A Interest in TEP 8-G 
 
 Master Purchase Agreements 
 1. Master Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2022, by and between Sunnova TEP Developer, LLC and TEP 7-D, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Master Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2023 TEP 7-D MPA 
 2 1 . Development and Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2023, by and between Sunnova TEP Developer, LLC and TEP 7-F, as amended by that certain First Amendment to the TEP 7-F Development and Purchase Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2024 TEP 7-F DPA 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule VIII-3 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

3 2 . Development and Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2023, by and between Sunnova TEP Developer, LLC and TEP 8-A TEP 8-A DPA 
 4 3 . Master Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 7, 2023, by and between Sunnova TEP Developer, LLC and TEP 8-B, as amended by that certain First Amendment to the TEP 8-B Master Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 12, 2024 TEP 8-B MPA 
 5 4 . Development and Purchase Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2023, by and between Sunnova TEP Developer, LLC and TEP 8-C TEP 8-C DPA 
 6 5 . Master Development, Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2024, by and between Sunnova TEP Developer, LLC and TEP 8-D TEP 8-D MDPSA 
 7 6 . Master Purchase Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2024, by and between Sunnova TEP Developer, LLC and TEP 8-E TEP 8-E MPA 
 8 7 . Development and Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2024, by and between Sunnova TEP Developer, LLC and TEP 8-F TEP 8-F DPA 
 9 8 . Development and Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2024, by and between Sunnova TEP Developer, LLC and TEP 8-G TEP 8-G DPA 
 
 Purchase Options 
 1. TEP 7- D F Purchase Option means the right of the applicable Managing Member or its designated Affiliate to purchase the related Tax Equity Investor s interest in TEP 7- D F 
 2. TEP 7-F Purchase Option means the right of the applicable Managing Member or its designated Affiliate to purchase the related Tax Equity Investor s interest in TEP 7-F 
 3 2 . TEP 8-A Purchase Option means the right of the applicable Managing Member or its designated Affiliate to purchase the related Tax Equity Investor s interest in TEP 8-A 
 4 3 . TEP 8-B Purchase Option means the right of the applicable Managing Member or its designated Affiliate to purchase the related Tax Equity Investor s interest in TEP 8-B 
 5 4 . TEP 8-C Purchase Option means the right of the applicable Managing Member or its designated Affiliate to purchase the related Tax Equity Investor s interest in TEP 8-C 
 6 5 . TEP 8-D Purchase Option means the right of the applicable Managing Member or its designated Affiliate to purchase the related Tax Equity Investor s interest in TEP 8-D 
 7 6 . TEP 8-E Purchase Option means the right of the applicable Managing Member or its designated Affiliate to purchase the related Tax Equity Investor s interest in TEP 8-E 
 8 7 . TEP 8-F Purchase Option means the right of the applicable Managing Member or its designated Affiliate to purchase the related Tax Equity Investor s interest in TEP 8-F 
 9 8 . TEP 8-G Purchase Option means the right of the applicable Managing Member or its designated Affiliate to purchase the related Tax Equity Investor s interest in TEP 8-G 
 
 Withdrawal Rights 
 1. TEP 7-F Withdrawal Right means the right of the applicable Tax Equity Investor to resign as a member of TEP 7-F and receive the Withdrawal Amount (as defined in the TEP 7-F LLCA) in satisfaction of its Class A Interest, pursuant to the TEP 7-F LLCA 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule VIII-4 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

2. TEP 8-C Withdrawal Right means the right of the applicable Tax Equity Investor to resign as a member of TEP 8-C and receive the Withdrawal Amount (as defined in the TEP 8-C LLCA) in satisfaction of its Class A Interest, pursuant to the TEP 8-C LLCA 
 3. TEP 8-D Withdrawal Right means the right of the applicable Tax Equity Investor to resign as a member of TEP 8-D and receive the Withdrawal Amount (as defined in the TEP 8-D LLCA) in satisfaction of its Class A Interest, pursuant to the TEP 8-D LLCA 
 4. TEP 8-F Withdrawal Right means the right of the applicable Tax Equity Investor to resign as a member of TEP 8-F and receive the Withdrawal Amount (as defined in the TEP 8-F LLCA) in satisfaction of its Class A Interest, pursuant to the TEP 8-F LLCA 
 5. TEP 8-G Withdrawal Right means the right of the applicable Tax Equity Investor to resign as a member of TEP 8-G and receive the Withdrawal Amount (as defined in the TEP 8-G LLCA) in satisfaction of its Class A Interest, pursuant to the TEP 8-G LLCA 
 
 Servicing Agreements 
 1. Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2022, by and among the Manager, TEP 7-D and GreatAmerica Portfolio Services Group LLC, as amended by that certain First Amendment to Servicing Agreement, dated as of June 2, 2023 TEP 7-D Servicing Agreement 
 2 1 . Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2023, by and among the Manager, TEP 7-F and GreatAmerica Portfolio Services Group LLC TEP 7-F Servicing Agreement 
 3 2 . Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 1, 2023, by and among the Manager, TEP 8-A and GreatAmerica Portfolio Services Group LLC TEP 8-A Servicing Agreement 
 4 3 . Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 7, 2023, by and among the Manager, TEP 8-B and GreatAmerica Portfolio Services Group LLC TEP 8-B Servicing Agreement 
 5 4 . Servicing Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2023, by and among the Manager, TEP 8-C and GreatAmerica Portfolio Services Group LLC TEP 8-C Servicing Agreement 
 6 5 . Servicing Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2024, by and among the Manager, TEP 8-D and GreatAmerica Portfolio Services Group LLC TEP 8-D Servicing Agreement 
 7 6 . Servicing Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2024, by and among the Manager, TEP 8-E and Wilmington Trust, National Association TEP 8-E Servicing Agreement 
 8 7 . Servicing Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2024, by and among the Manager, TEP 8-F and Concord Servicing LLC TEP 8-F Servicing Agreement 
 9 8 . Servicing Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2024, by and among the Manager, TEP 8-G and Concord Servicing LLC TEP 8-G Servicing Agreement 
 
 ITC Transfer Agreements 
 1. 
 2. 
 3. 
 4. 
 5. 
 6. 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule VIII-5 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

7. 
 
 Tax Equity Financing Documents 
 TEP 7-D 
 1. Guaranty, dated as of December 19, 2022, by Parent for the benefit of the applicable Tax Equity Investor 
 2. TEP 7-D Management Agreement 
 3. TEP 7-D Servicing Agreement 
 4. TEP 7-D MPA 
 5. TEP 7-D LLCA 
 6. Blocked Account Control Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2022, by and among TEP 7-D, the applicable Tax Equity Investor, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association 
 TEP 7-F 
 1. Guaranty, dated as of September 29, 2023, by Parent for the benefit of the applicable Tax Equity Investor 
 2. TEP 7-F Management Agreement 
 3. TEP 7-F Servicing Agreement 
 4. TEP 7-F DPA 
 5. TEP 7-F LLCA 
 6. TEP 7-F ITC Transfer Agreements 
 
 TEP 8-A 
 1. Guaranty, dated as of December 1, 2023, by Parent for the benefit of the applicable Tax Equity Investor 
 2. TEP 8-A Management Agreement 
 3. TEP 8-A Servicing Agreement 
 4. TEP 8-A DPA 
 5. TEP 8-A LLCA 
 TEP 8-B 
 1. Guaranty, dated as of December 7, 2023, by Parent for the benefit of the applicable Tax Equity Investor 
 2. TEP 8-B Management Agreement 
 3. TEP 8-B Servicing Agreement 
 4. TEP 8-B MPA 
 5. TEP 8-B LLCA 
 6. Consent and Agreement, dated as of December 7, 2023, among Borrower, Managing Member, the applicable Tax Equity Investor, and the Administrative Agent 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule VIII-6 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

7. TEP 8-B ITC Transfer Agreement 
 
 TEP 8-C 
 1. Guaranty, dated as of December 29, 2023, by Parent for the benefit of the applicable Tax Equity Investor 
 2. TEP 8-C Management Agreement 
 3. TEP 8-C Servicing Agreement 
 4. TEP 8-C DPA 
 5. TEP 8-C LLCA 
 6. Blocked Account Control Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2023, by and among TEP 8-C, the applicable Tax Equity Investor, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association 
 
 TEP 8-D 
 1. Guaranty, dated as of February 7, 2024, by Parent for the benefit of the applicable Tax Equity Investor 
 2. TEP 8-D Management Agreement 
 3. TEP 8-D Servicing Agreement 
 4. TEP 8-D MDPSA 
 5. TEP 8-D LLCA 
 6. TEP 8-D ITC Transfer Agreement 
 TEP 8-E 
 1. Guaranty, dated as of May 14, 2024, by Parent for the benefit of the applicable Tax Equity Investor 
 2. TEP 8-E Management Agreement 
 3. TEP 8-E Servicing Agreement 
 4. TEP 8-E MPA 
 5. TEP 8-E LLCA 
 6. Blocked Account Control Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2024, by and among TEP 8-E, the applicable Tax Equity Investor, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association 
 
 TEP 8-F 
 1. Guaranty, dated as of August 27, 2024, by Parent for the benefit of the applicable Tax Equity Investor 
 2. TEP 8-F Management Agreement 
 3. TEP 8-F Servicing Agreement 
 4. TEP 8-F DPA 
 5. TEP 8-F LLCA 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule VIII-7 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

6. TEP 8-F ITC Transfer Agreements 
 7. Blocked Account Control Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2024 by and among TEP 8-F, the applicable Tax Equity Investor, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association 
 
 TEP 8-G 
 1. Guaranty, dated as of October 7, 2024, by Parent for the benefit of the applicable Tax Equity Investor 
 2. TEP 8-G Management Agreement 
 3. TEP 8-G Servicing Agreement 
 4. TEP 8-G DPA 
 5. TEP 8-G LLCA 
 6. TEP 8-G ITC Transfer Agreement 
 7. Blocked Account Control Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2024, by and among TEP 8-G, the applicable Tax Equity Investor, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association 
 
 Tax Equity Investors 
 1. With respect to TEP 7-D, 
 2 1 . With respect to TEP 7-F, 
 3 2 . With respect to TEP 8-A, 
 4 3 . With respect to TEP 8-B, 
 5 4 . With respect to TEP 8-C, 
 6 5 . With respect to TEP 8-D, 
 7 6 . With respect to TEP 8-E, 
 8 7 . With respect to TEP 8-F, 
 9 8 . With respect to TEP 8-G, 
 
 Contribution Agreements 
 1. With respect to TEP 7-D, Contribution and Assignment Agreement, dated as of December 19, 2022, by and among Parent, TEP Inventory and Financing Fund Seller 
 2 1 . With respect to TEP 7-F, Transfer Agreement, dated as of September 29, 2023, by and between Parent and Financing Fund Seller 
 3 2 . With respect to TEP 8-A, (a) Sunnova-Seller Transfer Instrument, dated as of December 1, 2023, by and between Parent and Financing Fund Seller, and (b) SunStreet-Seller Transfer Instrument, dated as of December 1, 2023, by and among SunStreet, SunStreet TEP Inventory, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, Parent and Financing Fund Seller 
 4 3 . With respect to TEP 8-B, Transfer Agreement, dated as of December 7, 2023, by and between Parent and Financing Fund Seller 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule VIII-8 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

5 4 . With respect to TEP 8-C, Transfer Agreement, dated as of December 29, 2023, by and between Parent and Financing Fund Seller 
 6 5 . With respect to TEP 8-D, Transfer Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2024, by and between Parent and Financing Fund Seller 
 7 6 . With respect to TEP 8-E, Contribution and Assignment Agreement, dated as of May 14, 2024, by and between Parent and Financing Fund Seller 
 8 7 . With respect to TEP 8-F, Transfer Agreement, dated as of August 27, 2024, by and between Parent and Financing Fund Seller 
 9 8 . With respect to TEP 8-G, Transfer Agreement, dated as of October 7, 2024, by and between Parent and Financing Fund Seller 
 
 Major Actions 
 1. Any actions to be taken pursuant to Section 6.03 of the TEP 7- D F LLCA 
 2. Any actions to be taken pursuant to Section 6.03 of the TEP 7 8 - F A LLCA 
 3. Any actions to be taken pursuant to Section 6.03 of the TEP 8- A B LLCA 
 4. Any actions to be taken pursuant to Section 6.03 of the TEP 8- B C LLCA 
 5. Any actions to be taken pursuant to Section 6.03 of the TEP 8-C LLCA 
 6 5 . Any actions to be taken pursuant to Section 6.2(b) of the TEP 8-D LLCA 
 7 6 . Any actions to be taken pursuant to Section 6.03 of the TEP 8-E LLCA 
 8 7 . Any actions to be taken pursuant to Section 6.03 of the TEP 8-F LLCA 
 9 8 . Any actions to be taken pursuant to Section 6.03 of the TEP 8-G LLCA 
 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule VIII-9 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule IX SAP Financing Documents 
 1. Management Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2019, by and between Manager and SAP, as may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 2. Servicing Agreement, dated as of September 6, 2019 the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date , by and among GreatAmerica Portfolio Services Group Concord Servicing LLC, Manager and SAP , as amended by that First Amendment to Servicing Agreement, dated as of May 6, 2021 , as may be further amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. 
 3. Deposit Account Control Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2021, by and among Texas Capital Bank, N.A., SAP and the Administrative Agent. 

118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule IX-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule X SAP NTP Financing Documents 
 
 1. Second Amended and Restated Master Distribution Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2023, by and among SAP, Borrower, TEP Resources and SAP Seller. 
 2. TEP OpCo Contribution Agreement. 
 3. Amended and Restated Returned Project Distribution Agreement, dated as of November 3, 2023, by and between SAP Seller and Financing Fund Seller. 
 
 118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule X-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule XI Reserved 

118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule XI-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule XII Special Financing Fund Provisions 
 (as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date) 

Column A 
 Column B 
 Column C 
 Column D 
 Column E 
 Column F 
 Column G 
 Column H 
 Column I 
 Column J 
 Financing Fund 
 Solar Assets that are not Puerto Rico Solar Assets or Substantial Stage Solar Assets 
 Puerto Rico Solar Assets that are not Substantial Stage Solar Assets 
 Substantial Stage Solar Assets 
 Class A Borrowing Base Multiplier 
 Class B Borrowing Base Multiplier 
 Included in calculation of SRECs available for delivery in Projected SREC Hedge Ratio 
 Takeout Transaction Failure 
 Special Eligibility Representations 
 Financing Fund Withdrawal Amount Deposit (as of the acquisition of the Managing Member of applicable Financing Fund) 
 Financing Fund Withdrawal Amount Deposit Date 
 SAP 

Yes 
 N A 
 N A 
 N A 
 N A 
 TEP 7- D F 

Yes 
 N A 
 N A 
 N A 
 N A January 2025 Payment Date 
 TEP 7-F 

January 2025 Payment Date 
 TEP 8-A 

Yes 
 N A 
 N A 
 N A 
 N A 
 TEP 8-B 

Yes 
 N A 
 N A 
 N A 
 N A 
 TEP 8-C 

Yes 
 N A 
 N A 
 
 January 2025 Payment Date 
 TEP 8-D 

Yes 
 N A 
 N A 
 
 January 2025 
 Payment Date 
 TEP 8-E 

Yes 
 N A 
 N A 
 N A 
 N A 
 TEP 8-F 

Yes 
 N A 
 N A 
 
 January 2025 
 Payment Date 
 TEP 8-G 

Yes 
 N A 
 N A 
 
 January 2025 Payment Date 

118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule XII-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

Schedule XIII 
 Approved Tax Equity Partners 
 (as of the Amendment No. 3 Effective Date) 

118556040.20 118095118.53 Schedule XIII-1 
 Certain information has been excluded from this exhibit because it is both not material 
 and would likely cause harm to the company if publicly disclosed. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit311-q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, William J. Berger, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sunnova Energy International Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 s William J. Berger William J. Berger Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit312-q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Eric M. Williams, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sunnova Energy International Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 s Eric M. Williams 
 Eric M. Williams 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321-q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of Sunnova Energy International Inc. (the Registrant hereby certifies that, to his knowledge, the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (the Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 s William J. Berger William J. Berger Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit322-q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of Sunnova Energy International Inc. (the Registrant hereby certifies that, to his knowledge, the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (the Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 s Eric M. Williams 
 Eric M. Williams 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 nova-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 nova-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 nova-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 nova-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 nova-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

