<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241104_10-Q_edgar_data_1781755_0001781755-24-000093.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7199721</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>213270</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1518009</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2322964</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1617661</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1406444</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001781755-24-000093.hdr.sgml : 20241104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241104164510
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001781755-24-000093
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Baldwin Insurance Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001781755
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INSURANCE AGENTS BROKERS & SERVICES [6411]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				611937225
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39095
		FILM NUMBER:		241424325

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4211 W. BOY SCOUT BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33607
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(866) 279-0698

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4211 W. BOY SCOUT BLVD.
		STREET 2:		SUITE 800
		CITY:			TAMPA
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33607

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BRP Group, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190705

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001781755-24-000093.txt : 20241104

10-Q
 1
 bwin-20240930.htm
 10-Q

bwin-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 Quarterly report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 Transition report pursuant to section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ________ to _________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 _________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________________________________ 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former Name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 _________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 As of October 29, 2024, there were shares of Class A common stock outstanding and shares of Class B common stock outstanding . 

THE BALDWIN INSURANCE GROUP, INC. 
 INDEX 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity and Mezzanine Equity for the Three and N i ne Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the N i ne Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 
 ITEM 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 ITEM 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 45 
 ITEM 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 46 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 47 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 47 
 ITEM 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 47 
 ITEM 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 47 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 47 
 ITEM 5. 
 Other Information 
 47 
 ITEM 6. 
 Exhibits 
 50 
 SIGNATURES 
 51 

Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 We have made statements in this report, including matters discussed under Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, Part II, Item 1. Legal Proceedings, Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors and in other sections of this report, that are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as may, might, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue, the negative of these terms and other comparable terminology. These forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, may include projections of our future financial performance, our anticipated growth strategies and anticipated trends in our business. There are important factors that could cause our actual results, level of activity, performance or achievements to differ materially from the results, level of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. You should specifically consider the numerous risks outlined under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024. 
 Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee future results, level of activity, performance or achievements. Moreover, neither we nor any other person assumes responsibility for the accuracy and completeness of any of these forward-looking statements. We are under no duty to update any of these forward-looking statements after the date of this report to conform our prior statements to actual results or revised expectations, except as required by law. 

Commonly Used Defined Terms 
 The following terms have the following meanings throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q unless the context indicates or requires otherwise: 
 2019 Stockholders Agreement Stockholders Agreement between Baldwin and the holders of LLC Units in Baldwin Holdings entered into on October 28, 2019 
 2024 Credit Agreement Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of May 24, 2024, which is attached as Annex I to the Amendment and Restatement Agreement, dated May 24, 2024, between Baldwin Holdings, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, the Guarantors party thereto and the Lenders party thereto 2024 Credit Facility The 2024 Revolving Facility and 2024 Term Loan established pursuant to the 2024 Credit Agreement 2024 Revolving Facility Our revolving credit facility under the 2024 Credit Facility with commitments in an aggregate principal amount of 600 million, maturing May 24, 2029 
 2024 Term Loan Our term loan facility under the 2024 Credit Facility with a principal amount of 840 million, maturing May 24, 2031 
 Amended LLC Agreement Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Baldwin Holdings, as amended API Application programming interface book of business Insurance policies bound by us on behalf of our Clients bps Basis points Baldwin Holdings The Baldwin Insurance Group Holdings, LLC (formerly Baldwin Risk Partners, LLC), our operating company and a subsidiary of Baldwin Baldwin The Baldwin Insurance Group, Inc. (formerly BRP Group, Inc.), our parent company, together, unless the context otherwise requires, with its consolidated subsidiaries, including Baldwin Holdings and its consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates Clients Our insureds Colleagues Our employees Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America Insurance Company Partners Insurance companies with which we have a contractual relationship JPM Credit Agreement Credit Agreement, dated as of October 14, 2020, between Baldwin Holdings, as borrower, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as the Administrative Agent, the Guarantors party thereto, the Lenders party thereto and the Issuing Lenders party thereto, as amended by Amendment No. 1 to Credit Agreement dated as of May 7, 2021, Amendment No. 2 to Credit Agreement dated as of June 2, 2021, Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement dated as of August 6, 2021, Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement dated as of December 16, 2021, Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement dated as of March 28, 2022, Amendment No. 6 to Credit Agreement dated as of June 27, 2023 and Amendment No. 7 to Credit Agreement dated as of September 15, 2023 LLC Units Membership interests of Baldwin Holdings MGA Managing General Agent MSI Our MGA platform, also known as MGA of the Future Operating Groups Our reportable segments Partners Companies that we have acquired, or in the case of asset acquisitions, the producers Partnerships Strategic acquisitions made by the Company Pre-IPO LLC Members Trevor Baldwin, our Chief Executive Officer; Lowry Baldwin, our Chairman; BIGH, LLC, an entity controlled by Lowry Baldwin; Elizabeth Krystyn, one of our founders; Laura Sherman, one of our founders; Daniel Galbraith, President, The Baldwin Group and CEO, Retail Brokerage Operations; Brad Hale, our Chief Financial Officer; and The Villages Invesco, LLC, and certain other historical equity holders including equity holders in companies that we have acquired or producers QBE QBE Insurance Corporation and its affiliates 

QBE Program Administrator Agreement Agreement with an affiliate of QBE Holdings, Inc., the prior owner of Westwood, under which our MSI business provides program administrator services to QBE Insurance Corporation in connection with the portion of our builder-sourced homeowners book that is underwritten by affiliates of QBE Insurance Corporation 
 Risk Advisors Our producers SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended Senior Secured Notes 7.125 senior secured notes with an aggregate principal amount of 600 million due May 15, 2031 
 SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate Tax Receivable Agreement Tax Receivable Agreement between Baldwin and the holders of LLC Units in Baldwin Holdings entered into on October 28, 2019 Westwood Westwood Insurance Agency, a 2022 Partner Wholesale Business Our specialty wholesale broker business, which was sold on March 1, 2024 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 THE BALDWIN INSURANCE GROUP, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Premiums, commissions and fees receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other current assets Assets held for sale Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right-of-use assets Other assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Total assets Liabilities, Mezzanine Equity and Stockholders Equity 
 Current liabilities: Premiums payable to insurance companies Producer commissions payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Related party notes payable Current portion of contingent earnout liabilities Liabilities held for sale Total current liabilities Revolving line of credit Long-term debt, less current portion Contingent earnout liabilities, less current portion Operating lease liabilities, less current portion Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) Mezzanine equity: Redeemable noncontrolling interest Stockholders equity: Class A common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity attributable to Baldwin Noncontrolling interest Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

THE BALDWIN INSURANCE GROUP, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except share and per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Commissions and fees Investment income Total revenues Operating expenses: Commissions, employee compensation and benefits Other operating expenses Amortization expense Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Depreciation expense Total operating expenses Operating income (loss) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Gain on divestitures Loss on extinguishment and modification of debt ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Total other expense, net ) ) ) ) Loss before income taxes 
 ) ) ) ) Income tax expense Net loss 
 ) ) ) ) Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to Baldwin 
 ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss 
 ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 ) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss attributable to Baldwin 
 ) ) ) ) Basic and diluted loss per share 
 Basic and diluted weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

THE BALDWIN INSURANCE GROUP, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity and Mezzanine Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Stockholders Equity 
 Mezzanine Equity Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Non-controlling Interest Total Redeemable Non-controlling Interest (in thousands, except share data) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures Redemption of Class B common stock ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Stockholders Equity Mezzanine Equity Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Non-controlling Interest Total Redeemable Non-controlling Interest (in thousands, except share data) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures Redemption of Class B common stock ) ) Tax distributions to Baldwin Holdings LLC members ) ) Distributions to variable interest entities ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

THE BALDWIN INSURANCE GROUP, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity and Mezzanine Equity (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Stockholders Equity 
 Mezzanine Equity Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Non-controlling Interest Total Redeemable Non-controlling Interest (in thousands, except share data) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures ) Redemption of Class B common stock ) ) Tax distributions to Baldwin Holdings LLC members ) ) Distributions to variable interest entities ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Stockholders Equity 
 Mezzanine Equity Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Stockholder Notes Receivable Non-controlling Interest Total Redeemable Non-controlling Interest (in thousands, except share data) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Share-based compensation, net of forfeitures Redemption of Class B common stock ) ) Tax distributions to Baldwin Holdings LLC members ) ) Repayment of stockholder notes receivable Distributions to variable interest entities ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 9 

THE BALDWIN INSURANCE GROUP, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: 
 Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration Share-based compensation expense Payment of contingent earnout consideration in excess of purchase price accrual ) ) Gain on divestitures ) Amortization of deferred financing costs Loss on extinguishment of debt Loss on interest rate caps Other loss Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Premiums, commissions and fees receivable, net ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Right-of-use assets Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Proceeds from divestitures, net of cash transferred Capital expenditures ) ) Investments in and loans for business ventures ) ) Proceeds from repayment of related party loans Cash consideration paid for asset acquisitions ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payment of contingent earnout consideration up to amount of purchase price accrual ) ) Proceeds from revolving line of credit 
 Payments on revolving line of credit ) ) Proceeds from refinancing of long-term debt Payments relating to extinguishment and modification of long-term debt ) Payments on long-term debt 
 ) ) Payments of deferred financing costs ) ) Proceeds from the settlement of interest rate caps Tax distributions to Baldwin Holdings LLC members ) ) Distributions to variable interest entities ) ) Proceeds from repayment of stockholder notes receivable Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 10 

THE BALDWIN INSURANCE GROUP, INC. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Supplemental schedule of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for interest Cash paid during the period for income taxes Disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities: Conversion of contingent earnout liability to related party notes payable Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Capital expenditures incurred but not yet paid Right-of-use assets increased (decreased) through lease modifications and reassessments ) Contingent earnout liabilities recognized in asset acquisitions Noncash debt issuance costs incurred Decrease in goodwill resulting from measurement period adjustments for prior year business combinations ) 

See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 11 

THE BALDWIN INSURANCE GROUP, INC. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. Business and Basis of Presentation 
 as BRP Group, Inc. and, on May 2, 2024, was renamed The Baldwin Insurance Group, Inc. 
 The Baldwin Insurance Group, Inc. is a holding company and sole managing member of The Baldwin Insurance Group Holdings, LLC (formerly Baldwin Risk Partners, LLC) Baldwin Holdings and its sole material asset is its ownership interest in Baldwin Holdings, through which all of its business has been and is conducted. In these condensed consolidated financial statements, unless the context otherwise requires, the words Baldwin, and the Company refer to The Baldwin Insurance Group, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including Baldwin Holdings and its consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 Baldwin is a diversified insurance agency and services organization that markets and sells insurance products and services to its Clients throughout the U.S. A significant portion of the Company s business is concentrated in the Southeastern U.S., with several other regional concentrations. Baldwin and its subsidiaries operate through reportable segments Operating Groups ), Insurance Advisory Solutions, Underwriting, Capacity Technology Solutions and Mainstreet Insurance Solutions, which are discussed in more detail in Note 14. 
 Principles of Consolidation 
 Unaudited Interim Financial Reporting 
 The accompanying unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP and applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC regarding interim financial reporting. Accordingly, they do not include all the information and related notes required by GAAP for complete consolidated financial statements. In the opinion of management, all adjustments, consisting of recurring accruals, considered necessary for fair presentation of the financial statements have been included. The accompanying consolidated balance sheet for the year ended December 31, 2023 was derived from audited financial statements, but does not include all disclosures required by GAAP. Accordingly, these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto for the year ended December 31, 2023 included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024. 
 12 

Changes in Presentation 
 As previously disclosed in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, beginning in January 2024, the Company s FounderShield Partner moved from the Underwriting, Capacity Technology Solutions Operating Group to the Insurance Advisory Solutions Operating Group. Prior year segment reporting information in Note 14 has been recast to conform to the current organizational structure. 
 In addition, certain prior year amounts have been reclassified to conform to current year presentation. These reclassifications had no impact on the Company s previously reported consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 
 2. Business Divestitures 
 13 

million, subject to certain customary purchase price adjustments. The Company derecognized assets of million, which included million of goodwill, and liabilities of million. The Company recognized a pre-tax gain on the sale of million (after post-closing adjustments), which is included as a component of gain on divestitures in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 3. Variable Interest Entities 
 million and million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and million and million, respectively, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Total revenues and expenses of the Company s consolidated VIEs included in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive loss were million and million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million and million, respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Total assets and liabilities of the Company's consolidated VIEs included on the condensed consolidated balance sheets were million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2024 and million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2023. The assets of the consolidated VIEs can only be used to settle the obligations of the consolidated VIEs and the creditors of the liabilities of the consolidated VIEs do not have recourse to the Company. 
 
 4. Revenue 
 Profit-sharing revenue (2) 
 Consulting and service fee revenue (3) 
 Policy fee and installment fee revenue (4) 
 Other income (5) 
 Investment income (6) 
 Total revenues 
 __________ 
 (1) Commission revenue is earned by providing insurance placement services to Clients under direct bill and agency bill arrangements with Insurance Company Partners for private risk management, commercial risk management, wealth management, employee benefits and Medicare insurance types. 
 (2) Profit-sharing revenue represents bonus-type revenue that is earned by the Company as a sales incentive provided by certain Insurance Company Partners. 
 (3) Service fee revenue is earned for providing insurance placement services to Clients for a negotiated fee and consulting revenue is earned by providing specialty insurance consulting and other advisory services. 
 14 

The application of ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 requires the use of management judgment. The following are the areas of most significant judgment as it relates to Topic 606: 
 The Company considers the policyholders as representative of its customers in the majority of contractual relationships, with the exception of Medicare contracts in its Mainstreet Insurance Solutions Operating Group, where the Insurance Company Partner is considered its customer. 
 Medicare contracts in the Mainstreet Insurance Solutions Operating Group are multi-year arrangements in which the Company is entitled to renewal commissions. However, the Company has applied a constraint to renewal commissions that limits revenue recognized when a risk of significant reversals exists based on: (i) historical renewal patterns; and (ii) the influence of external factors outside of the Company s control, including policyholder discretion over plans and Insurance Company Partner relationship, political influence, and a contractual provision, which limits the Company s right to receive renewal commissions to ongoing compliance and regulatory approval of the relevant Insurance Company Partner and compliance with the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services. 
 The Company recognizes separately contracted commission revenue at the effective date of insurance placement and considers any ongoing interaction with the customer to be insignificant in the context of the obligations of the contract. 
 Variable consideration includes estimates of direct bill commissions, reserves for policy cancellations and accruals for profit-sharing income. 
 Costs to obtain a contract are deferred and recognized over , which represents management s estimate of the average benefit period for new business. 
 Due to the relatively short time period between the information gathering phase and binding insurance coverage, the Company has determined that costs to fulfill contracts are not significant. Therefore, costs to fulfill a contract are expensed as incurred. 
 
 5. Contract Assets and Liabilities 
 
 Contract liabilities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized revenue of million related to the contract liabilities balance at December 31, 2023. 
 15 

6. Deferred Commission Expense 
 , which represents management s estimate of the average benefit period for new business. Deferred commission expense represents producer commissions that are capitalized and not yet expensed and are included in other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Costs capitalized Amortization ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 7. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
 Contract liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Accrued interest Accrued expenses Current portion of long-term debt Colleague earnout incentives (1) 
 Other Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 __________ 

8. Long-Term Debt 
 billion, which consisted of (i) a term loan facility in the principal amount of billion maturing in October 2027 (the Term Loan B and (ii) a revolving credit facility with commitments in an aggregate principal amount of million maturing in April 2027 (the Revolving Facility ). The Term Loan B bore interest at term SOFR plus a credit spread adjustment between bps and bps, based on the term SOFR rate, plus an applicable margin of bps, subject to a term SOFR floor of bps. Borrowings under the Revolving Facility accrued interest at SOFR plus bps to SOFR plus bps based on total net leverage ratio. 
 On May 24, 2024, Baldwin Holdings refinanced the amounts outstanding under the Term Loan B and the Revolving Facility with a portion of the proceeds from an offering of million in aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due May 15, 2031 (the Senior Secured Notes and borrowings under a new million senior secured first lien term loan facility maturing May 24, 2031 (the 2024 Term Loan ). In connection with the refinancing, Baldwin Holdings also established a new senior secured first lien revolving facility with commitments in an aggregate principal amount of million maturing May 24, 2029 (the 2024 Revolving Facility and, together with the 2024 Term Loan, the 2024 Credit Facility ). 
 16 

million in debt issuance costs, of which million were capitalized as deferred financing costs that will be amortized over the term of the related debt. A substantial portion of the deferred financing costs relate to the Senior Secured Notes and 2024 Term Loan and are recorded as an offset to long-term debt on the condensed consolidated balance sheets, while those associated with the 2024 Revolving Facility are included in other assets. The remaining costs of million, consisting of third-party financing costs related to the portion of the Term Loan B refinancing that was accounted for as a modification of debt, were expensed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company recorded an additional loss of million related to the partial extinguishment of the Term Loan B during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. All remaining previously unamortized deferred financing costs continue to be amortized over the term of the 2024 Term Loan and 2024 Revolving Facility, as appropriate. The aggregate loss on extinguishment and modification of debt of million was reported separately in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 The Senior Secured Notes were issued by Baldwin Holdings and a wholly-owned corporate subsidiary of Baldwin Holdings (the co-issuer and, together with Baldwin Holdings, the issuers pursuant to an indenture, dated as of May 24, 2024 (the indenture ), by and among the issuers, the guarantors named therein and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as trustee and notes collateral agent. Interest on the Senior Secured Notes will be payable semi-annually in arrears on May 15 and November 15 of each year, beginning on November 15, 2024. The Senior Secured Notes are jointly, severally and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured basis by the guarantors that guarantee or will guarantee indebtedness under the 2024 Credit Facility (the guarantees ). The Senior Secured Notes and the guarantees rank pari passu in right of payment with all existing and future senior indebtedness of the issuers and the guarantors, including indebtedness under the 2024 Credit Facility, and are secured on a first-lien basis by the collateral that secures indebtedness under the 2024 Credit Facility. 
 The Senior Secured Notes may be redeemed in whole or in part, at any time on or after May 15, 2027 at the redemption prices set forth in the indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Prior to May 15, 2027, the issuers may also redeem some or all of the Senior Secured Notes at a price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, plus the applicable make-whole premium described in the indenture. In addition, the issuers may redeem (i) until May 15, 2027, up to of the then outstanding principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes (which includes additional notes, if any) with an amount not to exceed the net cash proceeds from certain equity offerings, at a redemption price equal to of the aggregate principal amount thereof and (ii) at any time prior to May 15, 2027, up to of the then outstanding principal amount of the Senior Secured Notes (which includes additional notes, if any) during any twelve-month period following the issue date of the Senior Secured Notes (provided that such period commencing on the issue date of the Senior Secured Notes shall end on May 15, 2025) at a redemption price equal to of the aggregate principal amount thereof, in each case, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, up to the redemption date. In addition, if certain kinds of changes of control occur, the issuers must offer to purchase the Senior Secured Notes at the prices set forth in the indenture, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but excluding, the date of purchase. 
 The indenture governing the Senior Secured Notes contains covenants that, among other things, limit the ability of the issuers and their restricted subsidiaries to: 
 incur additional debt or issue certain preferred shares; 
 incur liens or use assets as security in other transactions; 
 make certain distributions, investments and other restricted payments; 
 engage in certain transactions with affiliates; and 
 merge or consolidate or sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of their assets. 
 The issuers were in compliance with all such covenants at September 30, 2024. 
 The indenture also provides for customary events of default. 
 2024 Credit Facility 
 The 2024 Term Loan was issued at of par and bears interest at a rate of term SOFR, plus an applicable margin of bps, with a margin step-down to bps at a first lien net leverage ratio of 4.00x or below. At September 30, 2024, the outstanding borrowings on the 2024 Term Loan of million had an applicable interest rate of . 
 17 

of excess cash flow (which will be reduced to and if specified total first lien net leverage ratios are met); (b) of the net cash proceeds of certain asset dispositions, subject to certain thresholds and reinvestment provisions; and (c) of the net proceeds of debt that is incurred in violation of the 2024 Credit Agreement. 
 The 2024 Term Loan requires quarterly principal payments of million, with the balance payable in full on the maturity date thereof. Quarterly amortization payments may be reduced by any mandatory or voluntary prepayments including excess cash flow payments. 
 The interest rate for the 2024 Revolving Facility is term SOFR , plus a credit spread adjustment of bps, plus an applicable margin of bps to bps based on a total first lien net leverage ratio. There were outstanding borrowings on the 2024 Revolving Facility at September 30, 2024; however, the 2024 Revolving Facility is subject to a commitment fee of on the unused capacity at September 30, 2024, which may be reduced to , or if total net leverage ratio reduces to certain specified levels in the future. The Company will pay a letter of credit fee equal to the margin then in effect with respect to term SOFR loans under the 2024 Revolving Facility multiplied by the daily amount available to be drawn under any letter of credit, a fronting fee and any customary documentary and processing charges for any letter of credit issued under the 2024 Credit Agreement. 
 All obligations under the 2024 Credit Facility are jointly, severally and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured basis by certain of Baldwin Holdings direct and indirect subsidiaries (the guarantors that also guarantee the Senior Secured Notes, subject to certain legal and tax limitations and other agreed exceptions, and are secured by substantially all the assets of Baldwin Holdings and the guarantors, subject to certain agreed limitations. 
 The 2024 Credit Agreement, the definitive agreement for the 2024 Credit Facility, provides that Baldwin Holdings has the right at any time to request incremental facilities in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed the sum of (a) the greater of (1) million and (2) of Consolidated EBITDA (as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement) for the most recently completed four fiscal quarter period for which internal financial statements are available plus (b) all voluntary prepayments and/or redemptions of term loan facilities and certain other indebtedness secured on a pari passu basis with the obligations under the 2024 Credit Facility and all voluntary commitment reductions of the 2024 Revolving Facility (except in each case to the extent financed with proceeds from the incurrence of long-term indebtedness) plus (c) an amount such that, after giving effect to the incurrence of any such incremental facility pursuant to this clause (c) (which shall be deemed to include the full amount of any incremental revolving facility assuming that the full amount of such facility was drawn) and after giving effect to any acquisition, disposition, debt incurrence, debt retirement and other transactions to be consummated in connection therewith, Baldwin Holdings would be in compliance, on a pro forma basis, with a total first lien net leverage ratio of x or below. The lenders under the 2024 Credit Agreement are not under any obligation to provide any such incremental facilities and any such incremental facilities will be subject to certain customary conditions. 
 The 2024 Credit Agreement contains certain financial, affirmative and negative covenants that are customary for a senior credit facility of this type. The negative covenants in the 2024 Credit Agreement include limitations (subject to agreed exceptions) on the ability of Baldwin Holdings and its material subsidiaries to: 
 incur additional indebtedness (including guarantees); 
 incur liens; 
 make investments, loans and advances; 
 implement mergers, consolidations and sales of assets (including sale and lease-back transactions); 
 make restricted payments or enter into restrictive agreements (including those with negative pledge clauses); 
 enter into transactions with affiliates on non-arm s-length terms; 
 change the business conducted by Baldwin Holdings and its subsidiaries; 
 prepay, or make redemptions and repurchases of specified indebtedness; 
 use the proceeds of the loans under the 2024 Credit Agreement in certain prohibited manners; 
 make certain amendments to the organizational documents of Baldwin Holdings and its material subsidiaries; and 
 change Baldwin Holdings fiscal year. 
 18 

to 1.00 on a pro forma basis. The 2024 Credit Agreement also contains certain customary events of default with certain cure periods, as applicable. Baldwin Holdings was in compliance with all such covenants at September 30, 2024. 
 Interest Rate Caps 
 The Company uses interest rate caps to mitigate its exposure to interest rate risk on its debt by limiting the impact of interest rate changes on cash flows. The interest rate caps limit the variability of the applicable base rate to the amount of the cap. The interest rate caps, which are included as a component of other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets, are recorded at an aggregate fair value of less than million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company recognized a loss on interest rate caps of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and a loss on interest rate caps of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The gain or loss on interest rate caps is included as a component of other income (expense), net in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. 
 
 9. 
 million due from related parties at December 31, 2023, which included amounts due from Partners for post-closing cash requirements in accordance with Partnership agreements. The receivable at December 31, 2023 also included million for a loan made to Emerald Bay Risk Solutions, LLC Emerald Bay ), an entity formed for the benefit of the MGA business, and to which Baldwin Holdings, Lowry Baldwin, the Company's Chairman, and members of the Company's executive management team have made capital commitments. Due from related parties is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Baldwin Holdings recorded an investment in Emerald Bay of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Investments are included in other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Related party notes payable of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, relate to the settlement of contingent earnout consideration for certain of the Company s Partners. 
 Commission Revenue 
 The Company serves as a broker for Holding Company of the Villages, Inc. The Villages ), a significant shareholder, and certain affiliated entities. Commission revenue recorded from transactions with The Villages and affiliated entities was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 The Company serves as a broker for certain entities in which a member of Baldwin s board of directors has a material interest. Commission revenue recorded from transactions with these entities was million and less than million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Commissions Expense 
 Two brothers of Lowry Baldwin, the Company s Chairman, received producer commissions from the Company comprising approximately million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Rent Expense 
 The Company has various agreements to lease office space from wholly-owned subsidiaries of The Villages. Total rent expense incurred with respect to The Villages and its wholly-owned subsidiaries was approximately million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Total right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities included on the Company's condensed consolidated balance sheets relating to these lease agreements were million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2024 and million each at December 31, 2023. 
 19 

million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Total right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities included on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets relating to these lease agreements were million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2024 and million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2023. 
 
 10. Share-Based Compensation 
 and , respectively, at September 30, 2024. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made awards of restricted stock awards RSAs ), performance-based restricted stock unit awards PSUs ), and fully vested shares under the Plans to its non-employee directors, officers, Colleagues and consultants. Fully-vested shares issued to directors, officers and Colleagues during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were vested upon issuance and PSUs issued to officers vest in the quarter following the end of a performance period of , while RSAs issued to Colleagues, consultants and officers generally either cliff vest after three to or vest ratably over three to . 
 Granted 
 Vested and settled 
 ) Forfeited 
 ) Non-vested awards outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 The total fair value of shares that vested and settled under the Plans was million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Share-based compensation is recognized ratably over the vesting period of the respective awards and includes expense related to issuances under the Plans. Share-based compensation also includes the portion of annual bonuses that are payable in fully-vested shares of Class A common stock. The Company recognizes share-based compensation expense for the Plans net of actual forfeitures. The Company recorded share-based compensation expense of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Share-based compensation expense is included in commissions, employee compensation and benefits expense in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. 
 20 

11. Earnings (Loss) Per Share) ) ) ) Shares used for basic and diluted loss per share: 
 Basic and diluted weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding Basic and diluted loss per share 
 
 Potentially dilutive securities consist of unvested stock awards, including RSAs and PSUs, in addition to shares of Class B common stock, which can be exchanged (together with a corresponding number of LLC Units) for shares of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. 
 Shares of Class B common stock 
 The shares of Class B common stock do not share in the earnings or losses attributable to Baldwin, and therefore, are not participating securities. Accordingly, a separate presentation of basic and diluted loss per share of Class B common stock under the two-class method has not been included. 
 
 12. Fair Value Measurements 
 21 

Interest rate caps Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities: Contingent earnout liabilities Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 Money Market Funds 
 The Company has investments in money market funds, which are included in cash and cash equivalents on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Fair value inputs for these investments are considered Level 1 measurements within the fair value hierarchy since money market fund fair values are known and observable through daily published floating values. 
 Interest Rate Caps 
 The fair value of interest rate caps is determined using the market standard methodology of discounting the future expected cash receipts that would occur if variable interest rates rise above the strike rate of the caps. The variable interest rates used in the calculation of projected receipts on the caps are based on an expectation of future interest rates derived from observable market interest rate curves and volatilities. 
 Contingent Earnout Liabilities 
 Methodologies used for liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are based on limited unobservable inputs. These methods may produce a fair value calculation that may not be indicative of the net realizable value or reflective of future fair values. Furthermore, while the Company believes its valuation methods are appropriate and consistent with other market participants, the use of methodologies or assumptions to determine the fair value of certain financial instruments could result in a different fair value measurement at the reporting date. 
 The fair value of contingent earnout liabilities is based on sales projections for the acquired entities, which are reassessed each reporting period. Based on the Company s ongoing assessment of the fair value of its contingent earnout liabilities, the Company recorded a net decrease in the estimated fair value of such liabilities of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and a net increase in the estimated fair value of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company has assessed the maximum estimated exposure to the contingent earnout liabilities to be million at September 30, 2024. 
 The Company measures contingent earnout liabilities at fair value each reporting period using significant unobservable inputs classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company uses a probability weighted value analysis as a valuation technique to convert future estimated cash flows to a single present value amount. The significant unobservable inputs used in the fair value measurements are sales projections over the earnout period, and the probability outcome percentages assigned to each scenario. Significant increases or decreases to either of these inputs would result in a significantly higher or lower liability with a higher liability capped by the contractual maximum of the contingent earnout liabilities. Ultimately, the liability will be equivalent to the amount settled, and the difference between the fair value estimate and amount settled will be recorded in earnings for business combinations, or as a change in the carrying value of the assets acquired for asset acquisitions. 
 22 

to at September 30, 2024 and from to at December 31, 2023. The Company estimates future payments using the earnout formula and performance targets specified in each purchase agreement and these financial projections. These payments are generally discounted to present value using a risk-adjusted rate that takes into consideration market-based rates of return that reflect the ability of the Partner to achieve the targets. These discount rates generally ranged from to at December 31, 2023. However, due to the short-term nature of any remaining material contingent earnout liabilities at September 30, 2024, a discount rate has not been applied to the remaining balance. Changes in financial projections, market participant assumptions for revenue growth, or the risk-adjusted discount rate, would result in a change in the fair value of contingent consideration. 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration (1) 
 ) Fair value of contingent consideration issuances Settlement of contingent consideration (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 __________ 
 (1) The Company reclassified million and million of its contingent earnout liabilities through the issuance of Colleague earnout incentives during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which results in a reduction to the change in fair value of contingent consideration and an increase to commissions, employee compensation and benefits expense in the condensed consolidated statements of comprehensive loss. Refer to Note 7 for additional information on Colleague earnout incentive balances. 
 (2) The Company settled million of its contingent earnout liabilities through the issuance of related party notes payable during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The condensed consolidated statement of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes million of payments of contingent earnout consideration related to a similar non-cash settlement in a prior period. 
 Fair Value of Other Financial Instruments 
 The fair value of long-term debt and the revolving line of credit is based on an estimate using a discounted cash flow analysis and current borrowing rates for similar types of borrowing arrangements. 
 Revolving line of credit Level 2 
 __________ 
 (1) The carrying amount of long-term debt reflects outstanding borrowings, which are presented net of unamortized debt issuance costs of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 13. Commitments and Contingencies 
 million through October 2028. The gift will provide support for the School of Risk Management and Insurance in the USF Muma College of Business. It is currently anticipated that Lowry Baldwin, the Company s Chairman, will fund half of the amounts to be donated by Baldwin Holdings. 
 23 

14. Segment Information 
 Operating Groups: Insurance Advisory Solutions, Underwriting, Capacity Technology Solutions and Mainstreet Insurance Solutions. 
 The Insurance Advisory Solutions IAS Operating Group provides expertly-designed commercial risk management, employee benefits and private risk management solutions for businesses and high-net-worth individuals, as well as their families, through its national footprint, which has assimilated some of the highest quality independent insurance brokers in the country with vast and varied strategic capabilities and expertise. 
 The Underwriting, Capacity Technology Solutions UCTS Operating Group consists of two distinct businesses its MGA platform MSI and its newly launched reinsurance brokerage business, Juniper Re. Through MSI, the Company manufactures proprietary, technology-enabled insurance products that are then distributed (in many instances via technology and/or API integrations) internally via Risk Advisors across its other Operating Groups and externally via select distribution partners, with a focus on sheltered channels where its products deliver speed, ease of use and certainty of execution, an example of which is the national embedded renters insurance product sold at point of lease via integrations with property management software providers. UCTS Wholesale Business was sold in the first quarter of 2024 and its operations are included in UCTS results through February 29, 2024. 
 The Mainstreet Insurance Solutions MIS Operating Group offers personal insurance, commercial insurance and life and health solutions to individuals and businesses in their communities, with a focus on accessing Clients via sheltered distribution channels, which include, but are not limited to, new home builders, realtors, mortgage originators/lenders, master planned communities, and various other community centers of influence. The MIS Operating Group also offers consultation for government assistance programs and solutions, including traditional Medicare, Medicare Advantage and Affordable Care Act, to seniors and eligible individuals through a network of primarily independent contractor agents. 
 In all its Operating Groups, the Company generates commissions from insurance placement under both agency bill and direct bill arrangements, and profit-sharing income based on either the underlying book of business or performance, such as loss ratios. All Operating Groups also generate other ancillary income and premium financing income. 
 In the IAS and UCTS Operating Groups, the Company generates fees from service fee and consulting arrangements. Service fee arrangements are in place with certain Clients for providing insurance placement services. 
 In the UCTS Operating Group, the Company generates fees from policy fee and installment fee arrangements. Policy fee revenue is earned for acting in the capacity of an MGA and providing payment processing services and other administrative functions on behalf of Insurance Company Partners. 
 24 

) Net income (loss) 
 ) ) 
 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Insurance Advisory Solutions Underwriting, Capacity Technology Solutions Mainstreet Insurance Solutions Corporate and Other Total Revenues (2) 
 ) Net income (loss) 
 ) ) 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands) Insurance Advisory Solutions Underwriting, Capacity Technology Solutions Mainstreet Insurance Solutions Corporate and Other Total Revenues (1) 
 ) Net income (loss) 
 ) ) 
 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Insurance Advisory Solutions Underwriting, Capacity Technology Solutions Mainstreet Insurance Solutions Corporate and Other Total Revenues (2) 
 ) Net income (loss) 
 ) ) 
 __________ 
 (1) During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the UCTS Operating Group recorded commissions revenue shared within the same Operating Group of million and million, respectively; the UCTS Operating Group recorded commissions revenue passed through to other Operating Groups of million and million, respectively; and the MIS Operating Group recorded commissions revenue shared within the same Operating Group of million and million, respectively. Commissions revenue shared within the same Operating Group and passed through to other Operating Groups is eliminated through Corporate and Other. 
 25 

million and million, respectively; the UCTS Operating Group recorded commissions revenue passed through to other Operating Groups of million and million, respectively; and the MIS Operating Group recorded commissions revenue shared within the same Operating Group of million and million, respectively. Commissions revenue shared within the same Operating Group and passed through to other Operating Groups is eliminated through Corporate and Other. 
 (in thousands) Insurance Advisory Solutions Underwriting, Capacity Technology Solutions Mainstreet Insurance Solutions Corporate and Other Total Total assets at September 30, 2024 
 Total assets at December 31, 2023 
 
 26 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates, and beliefs. Our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 THE COMPANY 
 The Baldwin Insurance Group, Inc. is a holding company and sole managing member of The Baldwin Insurance Group Holdings, LLC (formerly Baldwin Risk Partners, LLC) Baldwin Holdings and its sole material asset is its ownership interest in Baldwin Holdings, through which all of our business has been and is conducted. In this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless the context otherwise requires, the words Baldwin, the Company, we, us and our refer to The Baldwin Insurance Group, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries, including Baldwin Holdings and its consolidated subsidiaries and affiliates. 
 Baldwin is an independent insurance distribution firm providing indispensable expertise and insights that strive to give our Clients the confidence to pursue their purpose, passion and dreams. As a team of dedicated entrepreneurs and insurance professionals, we have come together to help protect the possible for our Clients. We do this by delivering bespoke Client solutions, services, and innovation through our comprehensive and tailored approach to risk management, insurance, and employee benefits. We support our Clients, Colleagues, Insurance Company Partners and communities through the deployment of vanguard resources and capital to drive our organic and inorganic growth. When we consistently execute for these key stakeholders, we believe that the outcome is an increase in value for our fifth stakeholder, our stockholders. We are innovating the industry by taking a holistic and tailored approach to risk management, insurance and employee benefits. Our growth plan includes continuing to recruit, train and develop industry leading talent, continuing to add geographic representation, insurance product expertise and end-client industry expertise via our Partnership strategy, and continuing to build out our MGA platform MSI ), which delivers proprietary, technology-enabled insurance solutions to our internal Risk Advisors as well as to a growing channel of external distribution partners. We are a destination employer supported by an award-winning culture, powered by exceptional people and fueled by industry-leading growth and innovation. 
 We represent over two million Clients across the United States and internationally. Our 4,000 Colleagues include approximately 700 Risk Advisors, who are fiercely independent, relentlessly competitive and insurance geeks. We have approximately 110 offices in 24 states, all of which are equipped to provide diversified products and services to empower our Clients at every stage through our three Operating Groups. 
 Insurance Advisory Solutions IAS provides expertly-designed commercial risk management, employee benefits and private risk management solutions for businesses and high-net-worth individuals, as well as their families. Risk management solutions typically involve the sale of a wide variety of both commercial and personal lines insurance products that mitigate risks for firms and individuals. Employee benefits solutions can include health plans, dental plans, and retirement accounts for firms and their employees. We are privileged to have partnered with some of the highest quality independent insurance brokers across the country with vast and varied strategic capabilities and expertise. We have been intentional in recognizing and elevating this talent across the organization to build world class industry-focused practice groups and product Centers of Excellence that can be leveraged by the entire firm. 
 Underwriting, Capacity Technology Solutions UCTS consists of two distinct businesses MSI and our newly launched reinsurance brokerage business, Juniper Re. Through MSI, we manufacture proprietary, technology-enabled insurance products that are then distributed (in many instances via technology and/or API integrations) internally via our Risk Advisors across our other Operating Groups and externally via select distribution partners, with a focus on sheltered channels where our products deliver speed, ease of use and certainty of execution, an example of which is the national embedded renters insurance product sold at point of lease via integrations with property management software providers. As a prominent growth driver for the Company, we have invested heavily in the expansion of our MGA product suite, which is now comprised of more than 20 products across commercial, personal and professional lines, including new product launches in 2023 (high-net-worth homeowners, flood and commercial property products). UCTS Wholesale Business was sold in the first quarter of 2024 and its operations are included in our results through the end of February 2024. 
 27 

Mainstreet Insurance Solutions MIS offers personal insurance, commercial insurance and life and health solutions to individuals and businesses in their communities, with a focus on accessing Clients via sheltered distribution channels, which include, but are not limited to, new home builders, realtors, mortgage originators/lenders, master planned communities, and various other community centers of influence. We have invested deeply in talent, technology and capabilities across MIS, including in Westwood's homeowners solutions that are embedded in many of the top home builders in the U.S., the national expansion of our distribution footprint through our National Mortgage and Real Estate Center, and enhanced digital capabilities focused on improving the Advisor and Client experience. Mainstreet Insurance Solutions also offers consultation for government assistance programs and solutions, including traditional Medicare, Medicare Advantage and Affordable Care Act, to seniors and eligible individuals through a network of primarily independent contractor agents. 
 In 2011, we adopted the Azimuth as our corporate and cultural constitution. Named after a historical navigation tool used to find true north, the Azimuth asserts our core values, business basics and stakeholder promises. The ideals encompassed by the Azimuth support our mission to deliver indispensable, tailored insurance and risk management insights and solutions to our Clients. We strive to be regarded as the preeminent insurance advisory firm fueled by relationships, powered by people and exemplified by client adoption and loyalty. This type of environment is upheld by the distinct vernacular we use to describe our services and culture. We are a Firm, instead of an agency; we have Colleagues, instead of employees; and we have Risk Advisors, instead of producers/agents. We serve Clients instead of customers and we refer to our strategic acquisitions as Partnerships. We refer to insurance brokerages that we have acquired, or in the case of asset acquisitions, the producers, as Partners. 
 Seasonality 
 The insurance brokerage market is seasonal and our results of operations are somewhat affected by seasonal trends. Our adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margins are typically highest in the first quarter and lowest in the fourth quarter. This variation is primarily due to fluctuations in our revenues, while overhead remains consistent throughout the year. Our revenues are generally highest in the first quarter due to a higher degree of first quarter policy commencements and renewals in certain Insurance Advisory Solutions and Mainstreet Insurance Solutions lines of business such as employee benefits, commercial and Medicare. In addition, a higher proportion of our first quarter revenue is derived from our highest margin businesses. 
 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and the related notes and other financial information included elsewhere in this report. 
 In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Our actual results and timing of selected events may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those discussed under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 28 

The following is a discussion of our consolidated results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Variance 2024 2023 Variance Revenues: Commissions and fees 335,210 304,232 30,978 1,050,409 929,306 121,103 Investment income 3,728 2,038 1,690 8,736 4,601 4,135 Total revenues 338,938 306,270 32,668 1,059,145 933,907 125,238 Operating expenses: Commissions, employee compensation and benefits 247,189 220,469 26,720 753,596 676,659 76,937 Other operating expenses 48,839 47,165 1,674 141,198 141,254 (56) Amortization expense 26,899 23,183 3,716 76,334 69,505 6,829 Change in fair value of contingent consideration (952) 13,914 (14,866) 17,276 55,065 (37,789) Depreciation expense 1,557 1,453 104 4,619 4,250 369 Total operating expenses 323,532 306,184 17,348 993,023 946,733 46,290 Operating income (loss) 15,406 86 15,320 66,122 (12,826) 78,948 Other income (expense): Interest expense, net (31,329) (30,580) (749) (94,203) (87,600) (6,603) Gain on divestitures 1,809 1,809 38,953 38,953 Loss on extinguishment and modification of debt (389) (389) (15,068) (15,068) Other income (expense), net 28 (1,351) 1,379 105 (193) 298 Total other expense, net (29,881) (31,931) 2,050 (70,213) (87,793) 17,580 Loss before income taxes 
 (14,475) (31,845) 17,370 (4,091) (100,619) 96,528 
 Commissions and Fees 
 We earn commissions and fees by facilitating the arrangement between Insurance Company Partners and Clients for the carrier to provide insurance to the insured party. Our commissions are usually a percentage of the premium paid by the insured and generally depend on the type of insurance, the particular Insurance Company Partner and the nature of the services provided. Under certain arrangements with Clients, we earn pre-negotiated service fees for insurance placement services. Additionally, we earn policy fees for acting in the capacity of an MGA and fulfilling certain administrative functions on behalf of Insurance Company Partners, including delivery of policy documents, processing payments and other administrative functions. We may also receive profit-sharing commissions, which represent forms of variable consideration paid by Insurance Company Partners associated with the placement of coverage. Profit-sharing commissions are generally based on underwriting results, but may also contain considerations for volume, growth or retention. Other revenue streams include other ancillary income, premium financing income, and marketing income based on negotiated cost reimbursement for fulling specific targeted Medicare marketing campaigns. 
 Commissions and fees increased 31.0 million, or 10 , for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023 driven by organic growth in core commissions and fees of 38.6 million related to new and renewal business across Client industry sectors and continued outperformance from MSI, offset in part by rate and exposure of (4.7) in IAS. In addition, profit-sharing and other revenue increased 2.1 million for the quarter. This growth was offset in part by commissions and fees of 9.3 million derived from our Wholesale Business for the third quarter of 2023, for which there were no comparable revenues earned in 2024 since this business was sold in the first quarter of 2024. 
 29 

Commissions and fees increased 121.1 million, or 13 , for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023 driven by organic growth in core commissions and fees of 150.3 million related to new and renewal business across Client industry sectors and continued outperformance from MSI. This growth was offset in part by commissions and fees of 21.3 million derived from our Wholesale Business between March and September of 2023, for which there were no comparable revenues earned in 2024. In addition, profit-sharing and other revenue decreased 5.4 million for the year-to-date period, which is primarily a function of strong profit sharing revenue in the 2023 period, driven by both historically strong underwriting performance in the 2023 period and timing differences for UCTS, offset in part by improvements in loss ratios and the number of policies sold for MIS. 
 Investment Income 
 Investment income is earned by investing assets held in trust. Investment income increased 1.7 million and 4.1 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, due to improvements in our cash management strategy and growing yield on our invested cash. 
 Commissions, Employee Compensation and Benefits 
 Commissions, employee compensation and benefits is our largest expense. It consists of (i) base compensation comprising salary, bonuses and benefits paid and payable to Colleagues, commissions paid to Colleagues and outside commissions paid to others; and (ii) equity-based compensation associated with the grants of restricted and unrestricted stock awards to senior management, Colleagues, Risk Advisors and directors. We expect to continue to experience a general rise in commissions, employee compensation and benefits expense commensurate with expected revenue growth as our compensation arrangements with our Colleagues and Risk Advisors contain significant bonus or commission components driven by the results of our operations. In addition, we operate in competitive markets for human capital and need to maintain competitive compensation levels as we expand geographically and create new products and services. 
 Commissions, employee compensation and benefits expense increased 26.7 million, or 12 , for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023, primarily as a result of outside commissions, which increased 15.4 million, or 26 , due to growth in UCTS and MIS. In addition, Colleague compensation increased 5.4 million, driven by continued investments in headcount to support the growth of existing and new products, and Colleague earnout incentives increased 4.3 million as a result of contingent earnout liabilities that were reclassified, at the Partner's option, to a bonus payable to Colleagues. 
 Commissions, employee compensation and benefits expense increased 76.9 million, or 11 , for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023, primarily related to outside commissions, which increased 47.4 million, or 30 , due to growth in UCTS and MIS. The year-to-date period also included an increase in Colleague earnout incentives of 10.3 million, which relate to contingent earnout liabilities that were reclassified, at the Partner's option, to a bonus payable to Colleagues. Other increases, driven by continued investments in headcount to support the growth of existing and new products, include benefits and other expense of 8.9 million, variable inside commissions of 5.2 million and Colleague compensation of 5.1 million. 
 Other Operating Expenses 
 Other operating expenses include travel, accounting, legal and other professional fees, placement fees, rent, office expenses and other costs associated with our operations. Our occupancy-related costs and professional services expenses, in particular, generally increase or decrease in relative proportion to the number of our Colleagues and the overall size and scale of our business operations. 
 Other operating expenses increased 1.7 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. The increase in other operating expenses for the quarter was driven by higher legal claims and settlements expense of 1.1 million, travel and entertainment expense of 0.9 million to support our growth, and advertising and marketing of 0.9 million connected to our rebranding. These increased expenses were offset in part by lower professional fees and rent expense of 0.5 million each, due in part to certain cost saving measures we have implemented. 
 30 

Other operating expenses were relatively flat for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023. Several categories of other operating expenses experienced decreases for the year-to-date period due in part to certain cost saving measures we have implemented, including the renegotiation of vendor contracts, and post Partnership integration operational efficiencies gained, which included lower professional fees of 4.6 million, Partnership integration and infrastructure-related costs of 3.5 million, and rent expense of 0.8 million. These costs savings were partially offset by higher legal claims and settlements expense of 3.0 million, payment processing fees for our MGA business of 2.0 million, licenses and taxes of 1.5 million, travel and entertainment of 1.4 million to support the growth in IAS, and advertising and marketing of 0.9 million connected to our rebranding. 
 Amortization Expense 
 Amortization expense increased 3.7 million and 6.8 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, primarily due to the acceleration of trade names amortization in connection with rebranding within IAS and higher amortization of intangible assets recorded in connection with our Westwood Partnership, which are amortized based on a pattern of estimated economic benefit, offset in part by a reduction in amortization related to the write-off of intangible assets in connection with the sale of our Wholesale Business during the first quarter of 2024. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration was a 1.0 million gain for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to a 13.9 million loss for the same period of 2023, and a 17.3 million loss for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 compared to a 55.1 million loss for the same period of 2023. The fair value gain for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was impacted by 4.3 million of Colleague earnout incentives, which were reclassified, at the Partner's option, from contingent earnout liabilities to a bonus payable to Colleagues, thereby resulting in a gain in the change in fair value of contingent consideration and an increase to commissions, employee compensation and benefits expense. The fair value loss related to contingent consideration for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 was impacted by positive changes in revenue growth trends of certain partners and accretion of the contingent earnout obligations approaching their respective measurement dates, offset in part by a gain recognized in connection with the reclassification of 10.7 million to Colleague earnout incentives. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net, increased 0.7 million and 6.6 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, resulting from higher average borrowings, offset in part by lower average interest rates resulting from the May 2024 debt refinancing. We expect interest expense to remain relatively flat or increase slightly in the near-term on a year-over-year basis. 
 Gain on Divestitures 
 Gain on divestitures for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 was driven by a 35.1 million gain recorded in connection with the sale of our Wholesale Business during the first quarter of 2024. 
 Loss on Extinguishment and Modification of Debt 
 Loss on extinguishment and modification of debt of 15.1 million for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 relates to the May 2024 debt refinancing. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income (expense), net, increased 1.4 million and 0.3 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, driven by losses recognized on interest rate caps during the 2023 periods in connection with an interest rate cap that expired in March 2024. 
 31 

NON-GAAP FINANCIAL MEASURES 
 Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin, organic revenue, organic revenue growth, adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share EPS ), are not measures of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered substitutes for GAAP measures, including commissions and fees (for organic revenue and organic revenue growth), net income (loss) (for adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin), net income (loss) attributable to Baldwin (for adjusted net income) or diluted earnings (loss) per share (for adjusted diluted EPS), which we consider to be the most directly comparable GAAP measures. These non-GAAP financial measures have limitations as analytical tools, and when assessing our operating performance, you should not consider these non-GAAP financial measures in isolation or as substitutes for commissions and fees, net income (loss), net income (loss) attributable to Baldwin, diluted earnings (loss) per share or other consolidated income statement data prepared in accordance with GAAP. Other companies in our industry may define or calculate these non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do, and accordingly, these measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies. 
 We define adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, change in fair value of contingent consideration and certain items of income and expense, including share-based compensation expense, transaction-related Partnership and integration expenses, severance, and certain non-recurring items, including those related to raising capital. We believe that adjusted EBITDA is an appropriate measure of operating performance because it eliminates the impact of income and expenses that do not relate to business performance, and that the presentation of this measure enhances an investor s understanding of our financial performance. 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin is adjusted EBITDA divided by total revenue. Adjusted EBITDA margin is a key metric used by management and our board of directors to assess our financial performance. We believe that adjusted EBITDA margin is an appropriate measure of operating performance because it eliminates the impact of income and expenses that do not relate to business performance, and that the presentation of this measure enhances an investor s understanding of our financial performance. We believe that adjusted EBITDA margin is helpful in measuring profitability of operations on a consolidated level. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin have important limitations as analytical tools. For example, adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin: 
 do not reflect any cash capital expenditure requirements for the assets being depreciated and amortized that may have to be replaced in the future; 
 do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 do not reflect the impact of certain cash charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations; 
 do not reflect the interest expense or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt; 
 do not reflect share-based compensation expense and other non-cash charges; and 
 exclude certain tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us. 
 We calculate organic revenue based on commissions and fees for the relevant period by excluding (i) the first twelve months of commissions and fees generated from new Partners and (ii) commissions and fees from divestitures. Organic revenue growth is the change in organic revenue period-to-period, with prior period results adjusted to (i) include commissions and fees that were excluded from organic revenue in the prior period because the relevant Partners had not yet reached the twelve-month owned mark, but which have reached the twelve-month owned mark in the current period, and (ii) exclude commissions and fees related to divestitures from organic revenue. For example, commissions and fees from a Partner acquired on June 1, 2023 are excluded from organic revenue for 2023. However, after June 1, 2024, results from June 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 for such Partners are compared to results from June 1, 2024 to December 31, 2024 for purposes of calculating organic revenue growth in 2024. Organic revenue growth is a key metric used by management and our board of directors to assess our financial performance. We believe that organic revenue and organic revenue growth are appropriate measures of operating performance as they allow investors to measure, analyze and compare growth in a meaningful and consistent manner. 
 32 

We define adjusted net income as net income (loss) attributable to Baldwin adjusted for depreciation, amortization, change in fair value of contingent consideration and certain items of income and expense, including share-based compensation expense, transaction-related Partnership and integration expenses, severance, and certain non-recurring costs that, in the opinion of management, significantly affect the period-over-period assessment of operating results, and the related tax effect of those adjustments. We believe that adjusted net income is an appropriate measure of operating performance because it eliminates the impact of income and expenses that do not relate to business performance. 
 Adjusted diluted EPS measures our per share earnings excluding certain expenses as discussed above for adjusted net income and assuming all shares of Class B common stock were exchanged for Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis. Adjusted diluted EPS is calculated as adjusted net income divided by adjusted diluted weighted-average shares outstanding. We believe adjusted diluted EPS is useful to investors because it enables them to better evaluate per share operating performance across reporting periods. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin 
 The following table reconciles adjusted EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA margin to net loss, which we consider to be the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues 338,938 306,270 1,059,145 933,907 Net loss 
 (14,475) (32,006) (6,242) (101,523) Adjustments to net loss: 
 Interest expense, net 31,329 30,580 94,203 87,600 Amortization expense 26,899 23,183 76,334 69,505 Share-based compensation 17,949 14,598 46,764 46,637 Gain on divestitures (1,809) (38,953) Change in fair value of contingent consideration (952) 13,914 17,276 55,065 Loss on extinguishment and modification of debt 389 15,068 Colleague earnout incentives 4,327 10,706 Transaction-related Partnership and integration expenses 2,047 3,774 9,042 18,007 Depreciation expense 1,557 1,453 4,619 4,250 Severance 678 875 3,554 3,373 Income and other taxes 82 161 3,300 904 Loss on interest rate caps 84 818 244 489 Other (1) 
 4,646 6,659 13,410 20,289 Adjusted EBITDA 72,751 64,009 249,325 204,596 Adjusted EBITDA margin 21 21 24 22 
 __________ 
 (1) Other addbacks to adjusted EBITDA include certain expenses that are considered to be non-recurring or non-operational, including certain recruiting costs, professional fees, litigation costs and bonuses. 
 33 

Organic Revenue and Organic Revenue Growth 
 The following table reconciles organic revenue and organic revenue growth to commissions and fees, which we consider to be the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Commissions and fees 
 335,210 304,232 1,050,409 929,306 Partnership commissions and fees (1) 
 (985) (44,696) Organic revenue 335,210 303,247 1,050,409 884,610 Organic revenue growth (2) 
 40,672 47,523 144,844 150,471 Organic revenue growth (2) 
 14 19 16 20 
 __________ 
 (1) Includes the first twelve months of such commissions and fees generated from newly acquired Partners. 
 (2) Organic revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 used to calculate organic revenue growth for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 294.5 million and 905.6 million, respectively, which is adjusted to exclude commissions and fees from divestitures that occurred during 2024. 
 34 

Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted EPS 
 The following table reconciles adjusted net income to net loss attributable to Baldwin and reconciles adjusted diluted EPS to diluted loss per share, which we consider to be the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except per share data) 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss attributable to Baldwin 
 (8,377) (17,629) (4,356) (55,658) Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 (6,098) (14,377) (1,886) (45,865) Amortization expense 26,899 23,183 76,334 69,505 Share-based compensation 17,949 14,598 46,764 46,637 Gain on divestitures (1,809) (38,953) Change in fair value of contingent consideration (952) 13,914 17,276 55,065 Loss on extinguishment and modification of debt 389 15,068 Colleague earnout incentives 4,327 10,706 Transaction-related Partnership and integration expenses 2,047 3,774 9,042 18,007 Depreciation 1,557 1,453 4,619 4,250 Amortization of deferred financing costs 1,422 1,244 4,419 3,577 Severance 678 875 3,554 3,373 Loss on interest rate caps, net of cash settlements 84 3,771 2,544 8,382 Income tax expense 2,151 Other (1) 
 4,646 6,659 13,410 20,289 Adjusted pre-tax income 42,762 37,465 160,692 127,562 Adjusted income taxes (2) 
 4,234 3,709 15,909 12,629 Adjusted net income 38,528 33,756 144,783 114,933 Weighted-average shares of Class A common stock outstanding - diluted 64,012 60,549 63,001 59,791 Dilutive weighted-average shares of Class A common stock 4,014 3,941 3,570 3,931 Exchange of Class B common stock (3) 
 50,490 52,862 51,234 53,367 Adjusted diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 118,516 117,352 117,805 117,089 Adjusted diluted EPS 0.33 0.29 1.23 0.98 Diluted loss per share 
 (0.13) (0.29) (0.07) (0.93) Effect of exchange of Class B common stock and net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests per share 
 0.01 0.02 0.02 0.06 Other adjustments to loss per share 
 0.49 0.59 1.42 1.96 Adjusted income taxes per share (0.04) (0.03) (0.14) (0.11) Adjusted diluted EPS 0.33 0.29 1.23 0.98 
 ___________ 
 (1) Other addbacks to adjusted net income include certain expenses that are considered to be non-recurring or non-operational, including certain recruiting costs, professional fees, litigation costs and bonuses. 
 (2) Represents corporate income taxes at an assumed effective tax rate of 9.9 applied to adjusted pre-tax income. 
 (3) Assumes the full exchange of Class B common stock for Class A common stock pursuant to the Amended LLC Agreement. 
 
 35 

INSURANCE ADVISORY SOLUTIONS OPERATING GROUP RESULTS 
 IAS provides expertly-designed commercial risk management, employee benefits and private risk management solutions for businesses and high-net-worth individuals, as well as their families, through our national footprint, which has assimilated some of the highest quality independent insurance brokers in the country with vast and varied strategic capabilities and expertise. 
 Effective January 1, 2024, our FounderShield Partner moved from UCTS to IAS. Prior year results of operations for IAS below have been recast to conform to the current organizational structure. 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Variance For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Amount 2024 2023 Amount Revenues: 
 Commissions and fees 
 157,535 147,523 10,012 7 545,384 502,991 42,393 8 Investment income 
 1,803 1,281 522 41 4,426 2,505 1,921 77 Total revenues 
 159,338 148,804 10,534 7 549,810 505,496 44,314 9 Operating expenses: 
 Commissions, employee compensation and benefits 
 119,266 103,639 15,627 15 383,086 335,289 47,797 14 Other operating expenses 
 20,098 19,867 231 1 59,328 59,809 (481) (1) Amortization expense 
 16,435 13,447 2,988 22 46,087 40,338 5,749 14 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 (4,195) 7,882 (12,077) (153) 9,709 36,095 (26,386) (73) Depreciation expense 
 363 388 (25) (6) 1,094 1,155 (61) (5) Total operating expenses 
 151,967 145,223 6,744 5 499,304 472,686 26,618 6 Operating income 
 7,371 3,581 3,790 106 50,506 32,810 17,696 54 Total other income (expense) 
 1,828 (167) 1,995 n/m 5,138 (12) 5,150 n/m Income before income taxes 9,199 3,414 5,785 169 55,644 32,798 22,846 70 
 __________ 
 n/m not meaningful 
 Commissions and Fees 
 IAS generates (i) commissions for placing insurance policies on behalf of its Insurance Company Partners; (ii) profit-sharing income based on either the underlying book of business or performance, such as loss ratios; and (iii) fees from consulting and service fee arrangements, which are in place with certain Clients for a negotiated fee. 
 IAS commissions and fees increased 10.0 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023, due to higher core commissions and fees, which grew organically by 6 . Growth in our core commissions and fees was driven by 22 sales velocity (new business as a percentage of prior year commissions and fees) and resultant new business across Client industry sectors. Sales velocity for the quarter improved 400 bps over the same period of 2023 despite softness in our construction practice. New business growth was offset in part by rate and exposure of (4.7) resulting from construction project work weakness and headwinds concentrated in our employee benefits practice. In addition, profit-sharing revenue increased 2.4 million for the quarter. 
 IAS commissions and fees increased 42.4 million for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023, due to organic growth in core commissions and fees of 10 . Growth in our core commissions and fees was driven by 21 sales velocity, which improved 430 bps over the prior-year period, and resultant new business across Client industry sectors. New business growth was offset in part by rate and exposure headwinds of (1.0) attributable largely to our real estate book, particularly catastrophe-exposed real estate, employee benefits practice, and construction project work weakness. In addition, profit-sharing revenue increased 1.5 million for the year-to-date period. 
 36 

Investment Income 
 IAS investment income increased 0.5 million and 1.9 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, due to improvements in our cash management strategy and growing yield on our invested cash. 
 Commissions, Employee Compensation and Benefits 
 Commissions, employee compensation and benefits expense for IAS increased 15.6 million and 47.8 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, primarily due to an increase in Colleague compensation of 10.2 million and 25.1 million, respectively, driven by continued investments in headcount to support our growth, coupled with an increase in Colleague compensation allocated to IAS that was previously recognized in Corporate and Other. The quarter and year-to-date periods also included increases related to Colleague earnout incentives of 4.3 million and 10.3 million, respectively, for contingent earnout liabilities that were reclassified, at the Partner's option, to a bonus payable to Colleagues. In addition, variable inside commissions increased 8.0 million, or 7 , during the year-to-date period, in line with the growth in IAS core commissions and fees. 
 Other Operating Expenses 
 Other operating expenses for IAS were relatively flat for each of the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023. Other operating expenses for the year-to-date period included higher costs for legal claims and settlement expense of 1.9 million and travel and entertainment of 1.8 million to support the growth in IAS, which were offset in part by 1.8 million of cost savings from measures we have implemented, including the renegotiation of vendor contracts and post Partnership integration operational efficiencies gained, and a reduction in professional fees of 1.1 million. 
 Amortization Expense 
 IAS amortization expense increased 3.0 million and 5.7 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, due to the acceleration of trade names amortization in connection with rebranding within IAS. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration for IAS was a 4.2 million gain for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to a 7.9 million loss for the same period of 2023, and a 9.7 million loss for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 compared to a 36.1 million loss for the same period of 2023. The fair value gain for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was impacted by Colleague earnout incentives of 4.3 million, which were reclassified, at the Partner's option, from contingent earnout liabilities to a bonus payable to Colleagues, thereby resulting in a gain in the change in fair value of contingent consideration and an increase to commissions, employee compensation and benefits expense. The fair value loss related to contingent consideration for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 was impacted by positive changes in revenue growth trends of certain partners, offset in part by a gain recognized in connection with the reclassification of 10.7 million to Colleague earnout incentives. 
 
 UNDERWRITING, CAPACITY TECHNOLOGY SOLUTIONS OPERATING GROUP RESULTS 
 UCTS consists of two distinct businesses MSI and our newly launched reinsurance brokerage business, Juniper Re. Through MSI, we manufacture proprietary, technology-enabled insurance products with a focus on sheltered channels where our products deliver speed, ease of use and certainty of execution, an example of which is our national embedded renters insurance product sold at point of lease via integrations with property management software providers. Our MGA product suite is now comprised of more than 20 products across personal, commercial and professional lines. UCTS Wholesale Business was sold in the first quarter of 2024 and its operations are included in our results through February 29, 2024. 
 Effective January 1, 2024, our FounderShield Partner moved from UCTS to IAS. Prior year results of operations for UCTS below have been recast to conform to the current organizational structure. 
 37 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, Variance For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Amount 2024 2023 Amount Revenues: 
 Commissions and fees 
 128,718 113,313 15,405 14 353,373 301,357 52,016 17 Investment income 
 1,076 705 371 53 2,803 1,305 1,498 115 Total revenues 
 129,794 114,018 15,776 14 356,176 302,662 53,514 18 Operating expenses: 
 Commissions, employee compensation and benefits 
 98,037 82,593 15,444 19 268,818 220,999 47,819 22 Other operating expenses 
 11,086 10,308 778 8 32,473 30,537 1,936 6 Amortization expense 
 3,850 3,999 (149) (4) 10,730 11,965 (1,235) (10) Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 3,032 5,538 (2,506) (45) 7,355 17,681 (10,326) (58) Depreciation expense 
 151 159 (8) (5) 463 460 3 1 Total operating expenses 
 116,156 102,597 13,559 13 319,839 281,642 38,197 14 Operating income 
 13,638 11,421 2,217 19 36,337 21,020 15,317 73 Total other income, net 
 57 57 n/m 34,133 819 33,314 n/m Income before income taxes 13,695 11,421 2,274 20 70,470 21,839 48,631 n/m 
 __________ 
 n/m not meaningful 
 Commissions and Fees 
 UCTS generates (i) commissions for underwriting and placing insurance policies on behalf of its Insurance Company Partners; (ii) policy fee and installment fee revenue for acting in the capacity of an MGA and fulfilling certain administrative functions on behalf of Insurance Company Partners, including delivery of policy documents, processing payments and other administrative functions; (iii) profit-sharing income, generally based on the profitability of the underlying book of business of the policies it generates on behalf of its Insurance Company Partners; and (iv) fees from service fee arrangements, which are in place with certain customers for a negotiated fee. 
 UCTS commissions and fees increased 15.4 million and 52.0 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, due to higher core commissions and fees, which grew organically by 31 and 36 for the comparative periods, respectively. Growth in our core commissions and fees was driven by continued outperformance in our multi-family business (accounting for 10.9 million and 29.3 million of the quarter and year-to-date increases in core commissions and fees, respectively), momentum in our homeowners (accounting for 8.9 million and 27.5 million of the quarter and year-to-date increases in core commissions and fees, respectively) and commercial umbrella products (accounting for 2.2 million and 9.8 million of the of the quarter and year-to-date increases in core commissions and fees, respectively), and growing contribution from our reinsurance brokerage business and commercial property program. These increases were partially offset by reductions in profit-sharing revenue for each of the periods, which is primarily a function of strong profit sharing revenue in the 2023 periods, driven by both historically strong underwriting performance in the 2023 periods and timing differences. In addition, our Wholesale Business, which was sold in the first quarter of 2023, generated 9.3 million of commissions and fees during the third quarter of 2023 and 21.3 million of commissions and fees between March and September of 2023, for which there were no comparable revenues earned in 2024. 
 The initial term for the QBE Program Administrator Agreement expires in May of 2025, but has an extended term through May of 2027 during which MSI is required to assist QBE in arranging adequate reinsurance covering the business to be written between May 2025 and May 2027. The Company is currently working to assist QBE in arranging the reinsurance required to extend the QBE Program Administrator Agreement through May 2027. 
 Investment Income 
 UCTS investment income increased 0.4 million and 1.5 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, due to improvements in our cash management strategy and growing yield on our invested cash. 
 38 

Commissions, Employee Compensation and Benefits 
 Commissions, employee compensation and benefits expense for UCTS includes both outside commissions paid to partners that distribute our MGA products and compensation paid to Colleagues. Commissions, employee compensation and benefits expense for UCTS increased 15.4 million and 47.8 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, primarily driven by outside commissions, which increased 13.9 million, or 23 , for the quarter, and 40.3 million, or 26 , for the year-to-date period, in line with the growth in UCTS core commissions and fees. The year-to-date period also included increases in benefits and other expense of 5.0 million and Colleague compensation of 4.8 million, driven by continued investments in headcount to support the growth of existing and new products, coupled with an increase in Colleague compensation allocated to UCTS that was previously recognized in Corporate and Other. 
 Other Operating Expenses 
 Other operating expenses for UCTS increased 0.8 million and 1.9 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively. The increase in other operating expenses for the year-to-date period was driven by higher costs due to fulfilling certain administrative functions on behalf of Insurance Company Partners (including an increase in payment processing fees) of 2.9 million, generally higher costs to support the growth of the business and the launch of new products of 1.8 million, travel and entertainment of 0.8 million to support our growth, and legal claims and settlement expense of 0.7 million. These increases were offset in part by reductions in Partnership integration expenses of 2.9 million and professional fees of 1.3 million. 
 Amortization Expense 
 UCTS amortization expense decreased 0.1 million and 1.2 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, primarily due to the write-off of intangible assets in connection with the sale of our Wholesale Business during the first quarter of 2024. 
 Change in Fair Value of Contingent Consideration 
 Change in fair value of contingent consideration for UCTS was a 3.0 million loss for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to a 5.5 million loss for the same period of 2023, and a 7.4 million loss for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 compared to a 17.7 million loss for the same period of 2023. The fair value losses related to contingent consideration for 2024 were impacted by positive changes in revenue growth trends of certain partners and accretion of the contingent earnout obligations approaching their respective measurement dates. 
 Total Other Income 
 Total other income for UCTS of 34.1 million for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 was driven by a 35.1 million gain recorded in connection with the sale of our Wholesale Business during the first quarter of 2024. 
 39 

MAINSTREET INSURANCE SOLUTIONS OPERATING GROUP RESULTS 
 MIS offers personal insurance, commercial insurance, and life and health solutions to individuals and businesses in their communities, with a focus on accessing clients via sheltered distribution channels, which include, but are not limited to, new home builders, realtors, mortgage originators/lenders, master planned communities, and various other community centers of influence. MIS also offers consultation for government assistance programs and solutions, including traditional Medicare, Medicare Advantage and Affordable Care Act, to seniors and eligible individuals through a network of primarily independent contractor agents. 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Variance For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Amount 2024 2023 Amount Revenues: 
 Commissions and fees 
 70,658 62,297 8,361 13 209,422 174,114 35,308 20 Operating expenses: 
 Commissions, employee compensation and benefits 
 42,372 37,536 4,836 13 131,603 109,257 22,346 20 Other operating expenses 
 9,123 7,769 1,354 17 25,765 23,243 2,522 11 Amortization expense 
 6,368 5,701 667 12 18,945 17,160 1,785 10 Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 211 494 (283) (57) 212 1,289 (1,077) (84) Depreciation expense 
 190 151 39 26 528 419 109 26 Total operating expenses 
 58,264 51,651 6,613 13 177,053 151,368 25,685 17 Operating income 
 12,394 10,646 1,748 16 32,369 22,746 9,623 42 Total other income (expense), net 4 (13) 17 (131) 2 29 (27) (93) Income before income taxes 12,398 10,633 1,765 17 32,371 22,775 9,596 42 
 Commissions and Fees 
 MIS generates (i) commissions for placing insurance policies on behalf of its Insurance Company Partners; (ii) profit-sharing income based on either the underlying book of business or performance, such as loss ratios; and (iii) commissions and fees in the form of marketing income, which is earned through co-branded marketing campaigns with our Insurance Company Partners. 
 MIS commissions and fees increased 8.4 million and 35.3 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, due to higher core commissions and fees, which grew organically by 6.2 million, or 11 , for the quarter, and 31.4 million, or 20 , for the year-to-date period. Key drivers of the organic growth in MIS core commissions and fees included our Westwood Partner (accounting for 3.2 million and 15.8 million of the quarter and year-to-date increases in core commissions and fees, respectively), our legacy Mainstreet business (accounting for 2.5 million and 12.0 million of the quarter and year-to-date increases in core commissions and fees, respectively), and the national mortgage and real estate channel (accounting for 0.5 million and 3.6 million of the quarter and year-to-date increases in core commissions and fees, respectively). In addition, MIS profit-sharing and other revenue increased 2.2 million and 4.1 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods, respectively, primarily resulting from improvements in loss ratios and the number of policies sold. 
 Commissions, Employee Compensation and Benefits 
 Commissions, employee compensation and benefits expense for MIS increased 4.8 million and 22.3 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, primarily due to outside commissions, which increased 3.2 million, or 20 , for the quarter, and 12.8 million, or 28 , for the year-to-date period, relating to growth in our Westwood and legacy Mainstreet businesses. The quarter and year-to-date periods also included higher Colleague compensation of 0.7 million and 6.1 million, respectively, driven by continued investments in headcount to support our growth, coupled with an increase in Colleague compensation allocated to MIS that was previously recognized in Corporate and Other. 
 40 

Other Operating Expenses 
 Other operating expenses for MIS increased 1.4 million and 2.5 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively. The increase in other operating expenses for the quarter and year-to-date periods was driven by higher technology-related costs to support the growth of the business of 0.3 million and 0.9 million, respectively, licenses and taxes of 0.2 million and 0.5 million, respectively, travel and entertainment of 0.2 million and 0.4 million, respectively, and advertising and marketing of 0.4 million and 0.1 million, respectively. 
 Amortization Expense 
 MIS amortization expense increased 0.7 million and 1.8 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, primarily driven by higher amortization of intangible assets recorded in connection with our Westwood Partnership, which are amortized based on a pattern of estimated economic benefit. 
 
 CORPORATE AND OTHER RESULTS 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, Variance For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance (in thousands, except percentages) 2024 2023 Amount 2024 2023 Amount Revenues: 
 Commissions and fees 
 (21,701) (18,901) (2,800) 15 (57,770) (49,156) (8,614) 18 Investment income 
 849 52 797 n/m 1,507 791 716 91 Total revenues 
 (20,852) (18,849) (2,003) 11 (56,263) (48,365) (7,898) 16 Operating expenses: 
 Commissions, employee compensation and benefits 
 (12,486) (3,299) (9,187) n/m (29,911) 11,114 (41,025) n/m Other operating expenses 
 8,532 9,221 (689) (7) 23,632 27,665 (4,033) (15) Amortization expense 
 246 36 210 n/m 572 42 530 n/m Depreciation expense 
 853 755 98 13 2,534 2,216 318 14 Total operating expenses 
 (2,855) 6,713 (9,568) (143) (3,173) 41,037 (44,210) (108) Operating loss 
 (17,997) (25,562) 7,565 (30) (53,090) (89,402) 36,312 (41) Other expense: 
 Interest expense, net 
 (31,346) (30,574) (772) 3 (94,230) (87,781) (6,449) 7 Loss on extinguishment and modification of debt (389) (389) n/m (15,068) (15,068) n/m Other expense, net 
 (35) (1,177) 1,142 (97) (188) (848) 660 (78) Total other expense, net (31,770) (31,751) (19) (109,486) (88,629) (20,857) 24 Loss before income taxes (49,767) (57,313) 7,546 (13) (162,576) (178,031) 15,455 (9) 
 __________ 
 n/m not meaningful 
 Commissions and Fees 
 Corporate and Other records the elimination of intercompany commissions revenue from the Operating Groups. During the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024, UCTS recorded commissions revenue shared within the same Operating Group of 3.6 million and 10.3 million, respectively; UCTS recorded commissions revenue passed through to other Operating Groups of 17.9 million and 46.3 million, respectively; and MIS recorded commissions revenue shared within the same Operating Group of 0.2 million and 1.2 million, respectively. 
 A substantial portion of the intercompany commissions revenue recorded during the year-to-date period is related to the QBE Program Administrator Agreement. We expect intercompany commissions revenue to continue to grow as we serve as the MGA on more intersegment revenue such as homeowners insurance sold through MIS. 
 41 

Commissions, Employee Compensation and Benefits 
 Commissions, employee compensation and benefits expense in Corporate and Other decreased 9.2 million and 41.0 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, driven by a reduction in Colleague compensation of 7.3 million and 30.9 million, respectively, due in part to a decrease in corporate-related headcount, including the retirement of two of our executive officers at the end of 2023, coupled with a decrease in Colleague compensation previously recognized in Corporate and Other that is now allocated to the Operating Groups. In addition, intercompany commissions expense eliminations increased 2.8 million and 8.6 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods, respectively. 
 A significant portion of the year-over-year increase in intercompany commissions expense eliminated through Corporate and Other is related to the QBE Program Administrator Agreement. We expect intercompany commissions expense to continue to grow as we serve as the MGA on more intersegment revenue such as homeowners insurance sold through MIS. 
 Other Operating Expenses 
 Other operating expenses in Corporate and Other decreased 0.7 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023 due, in part, to certain cost saving measures we have implemented, including the renegotiation of vendor contracts, and operational efficiencies gained from Partnership integration projects by our Operating Groups during 2023, offset in part by higher costs incurred in connection with our rebranding. 
 Other operating expenses in Corporate and Other decreased 4.0 million for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of 2023 due to reductions in professional fees of 2.2 million, travel and entertainment of 1.6 million, infrastructure-related costs of 1.2 million and rent expense of 0.7 million. These cost savings are due, in part, to certain cost saving measures we have implemented, including the renegotiation of vendor contracts, and operational efficiencies gained from Partnership integration projects by our Operating Groups. These decreases were offset in part by higher licenses and taxes expense of 1.0 million and higher advertising and marketing costs of 0.7 million connected to our rebranding. 
 Interest Expense, Net 
 Interest expense, net, in Corporate and Other increased 0.8 million and 6.4 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, resulting from higher average borrowings, offset in part by lower average interest rates resulting from the May 2024 debt refinancing. We expect interest expense to remain relatively flat or increase slightly in the near-term on a year-over-year basis. 
 Loss on Extinguishment and Modification of Debt 
 Loss on extinguishment and modification of debt in Corporate and Other of 15.1 million for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 relates to the May 2024 debt refinancing. 
 Other Expense, Net 
 Other expense, net, in Corporate and Other decreased 1.1 million and 0.7 million for the quarter and year-to-date periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023, respectively, driven by losses recognized on interest rate caps during the 2023 periods in connection with an interest rate cap that expired in March 2024. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Our primary liquidity needs for the foreseeable future will include cash to (i) provide capital to facilitate the organic growth of our business and to fund future Partnerships, (ii) pay operating expenses, including cash compensation to our Colleagues and expenses related to being a public company, (iii) make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, (iv) pay interest and principal due on borrowings under the 2024 Credit Facility and the Senior Secured Notes, (v) pay contingent earnout liabilities, (vi) pay income taxes, and (vii) fund potential investments in third party businesses that support the growth of our business, which may include Emerald Bay or sponsorship of, and a minority, non-controlling interest in, other investment funds, the purpose of which may include facilitating the establishment of additional and alternative capacity that supports the growth of our MSI business. 
 We have historically financed our operations and funded our debt service through the sale of our insurance products and services, and we have financed significant cash needs to fund growth through the acquisition of Partners through debt and equity financing. 
 42 

On May 24, 2024, we repaid in full our then-outstanding debt with proceeds from an offering of 600 million in aggregate principal amount of 7.125 senior secured notes due May 15, 2031 (the Senior Secured Notes and borrowings under a new 840 million senior secured first lien term loan facility maturing May 24, 2031 (the 2024 Term Loan ). In connection with the refinancing, we also established a new senior secured first lien revolving facility with commitments in an aggregate principal amount of 600 million maturing May 24, 2029 (the 2024 Revolving Facility and, together with the 2024 Term Loan, the 2024 Credit Facility ). Proceeds from the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes and the 2024 Term Loan were also used to pay related fees, costs, expenses and accrued interest. Refer to Note 8 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements of this report for more information relating to the terms of the Senior Secured Notes and 2024 Credit Facility. 
 In the near term, we intend to fund our earnout obligations with cash and cash equivalents, including unused proceeds from the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes and the 2024 Term Loan, cash flow from operations and available borrowings under the 2024 Revolving Facility. From time to time, we will consider raising additional debt or equity financing if and as necessary to support our growth, including in connection with the exploration of Partnership opportunities or to refinance existing obligations on an opportunistic basis. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents were 181.8 million and we had 600.0 million of available borrowing capacity on the 2024 Revolving Facility. We believe that our cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from operations and available borrowings will be sufficient to fund our working capital and meet our commitments for the next twelve months and beyond. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 The following table represents our contractual obligations and commitments, aggregated by type, at September 30, 2024: 
 Payments Due by Period (in thousands) Total Less than 1 year 1-3 years 3-5 years More than 5 years Operating leases (1) 
 99,401 21,801 38,964 28,792 9,844 Debt obligations payable (2) 
 2,173,106 118,167 235,243 232,523 1,587,173 Undiscounted estimated contingent earnout obligation (3) 
 205,217 202,005 3,212 USF Grant 4,200 848 1,720 1,632 Total 2,481,924 342,821 279,139 262,947 1,597,017 __________ 
 (1) Represents noncancelable operating leases for our facilities. Operating lease expense was 16.2 million and 16.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Represents scheduled debt obligations and estimated interest payments for our Senior Secured Notes and 2024 Term Loan. 
 (3) Represents the total expected future payments to be made to Partners at September 30, 2024. 
 Our contractual obligations and commitments are comprised of operating lease obligations, principal and interest payments on our borrowings under the Senior Secured Notes and the 2024 Term Loan, estimated payments of contingent earnout liabilities and our commitment to the University of South Florida USF ). 
 Our operating lease obligations represent noncancelable agreements for our corporate headquarters and office space for our insurance brokerage business. Our operating lease agreements expire through March 2032. These obligations do not include leases with an initial term of twelve months or less, which are expensed as incurred. We may extend, terminate or otherwise modify or sub-lease facilities as needed to best suit the needs of our business. The lease term is the non-cancelable period of the lease and includes options to extend or terminate the lease when it is reasonably certain that an option will be exercised. 
 Our debt obligations at September 30, 2024 include borrowings outstanding under the Senior Secured Notes of 600 million and the 2024 Term Loan of 837.9 million. Estimated interest payments for outstanding borrowings on the Senior Secured Notes and 2024 Term Loan in the table above were calculated based on the applicable interest rates at September 30, 2024 of 7.125 and 8.10 , respectively, through their respective due dates of May 15, 2031 and May 24, 2031. 
 43 

Substantially all of our Partnerships and certain acquisitions of select books of business that do not constitute a complete business enterprise include contractual earnout provisions. We record an estimation of the fair value of the contingent earnout obligations at the Partnership date as a component of the consideration paid. Our contingent earnout obligations are measured at fair value each reporting period based on the present value of the expected future payments to be made to Partners in accordance with the provisions outlined in the respective purchase agreements. The recorded obligations are based on estimates of the Partners future performance using financial projections for the earnout period. The aggregate estimated contingent earnout liabilities included on our condensed consolidated balance sheet at September 30, 2024 was 203.8 million, of which 4.5 million must be settled in cash and the remaining 199.3 million can be settled in cash or stock at our option. The undiscounted estimated contingent earnout obligation presented in the table above represents the total expected future payments to be made to the Partners. The undiscounted estimated contingent earnout obligation at September 30, 2024 was 205.2 million, of which 5.0 million must be settled in cash and the remaining 200.2 million can be settled in cash or stock at our option. The maximum estimated exposure to the contingent earnout liabilities was 329.2 million at September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have a remaining commitment to USF to donate 4.2 million through October 2028. The gift will provide support for the School of Risk Management and Insurance in the USF Muma College of Business. It is currently anticipated that Lowry Baldwin, our Chairman, will fund half of this commitment. 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 We expect to obtain an increase in our share of the tax basis in the assets of Baldwin Holdings when its LLC Units are redeemed or exchanged for shares of Baldwin s Class A common stock. This increase in tax basis may have the effect of reducing the future amounts paid to various tax authorities. The increase in tax basis may also decrease gains (or increase losses) on future dispositions of certain capital assets to the extent tax basis is allocated to those capital assets. 
 We have a Tax Receivable Agreement that provides for the payment by us to the parties to the Tax Receivable Agreement of 85 of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax or franchise tax that we actually realize as a result of (i) any increase in tax basis in Baldwin s assets and (ii) tax benefits related to imputed interest deemed arising as a result of payments made under the tax receivable agreement. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we redeemed 2,408,931 LLC Units of Baldwin Holdings on a one-for-one basis for shares of Class A common stock and cancelled the corresponding shares of Class B common stock. We receive an increase in our share of the tax basis in the net assets of Baldwin Holdings due to the interests being redeemed. We have assessed the realizability of the net deferred tax assets and in that analysis have considered the relevant positive and negative evidence available to determine whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will be realized. We have recorded a full valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets at Baldwin as of September 30, 2024, which will be maintained until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances. 
 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities for the periods indicated: 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Variance Net cash provided by operating activities 85,708 22,799 62,909 Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 25,609 (16,948) 42,557 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 6,436 (41,928) 48,364 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 117,753 (36,077) 153,830 Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 226,963 230,471 (3,508) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 344,716 194,394 150,322 
 Operating Activities 
 The primary sources and uses of cash for operating activities are net income (loss) adjusted for non-cash items and changes in assets and liabilities, or operating working capital, and payment of contingent earnout consideration. Net cash provided by operating activities increased 62.9 million year over year, driven by an increase in cash related to the change in premiums, commissions and fees receivable, net of accounts payable, accrued expenses and other current liabilities of 38.2 million relating to holding fiduciary cash on behalf of our insurance company partners, and better operating leverage year over year. 
 44 

Investing Activities 
 The primary sources and uses of cash for investing activities relate to cash consideration paid to fund Partnerships and other investments to grow our business. Net cash provided by investing activities increased 42.6 million year over year driven by cash proceeds from divestitures, net of cash transferred of 57.0 million, relating primarily to the sale of our Wholesale Business during 2024, offset in part by a decrease in cash relating to higher capital expenditures of 14.7 million due to software development projects. 
 Financing Activities 
 The primary sources and uses of cash for financing activities relate to the issuance of our Class A common stock; debt servicing costs in connection with our long-term debt and revolving line of credit, as well as purchases, sales and settlements of interest rate caps to mitigate interest rate volatility on that debt; payment of contingent earnout consideration; and other equity transactions. Net cash provided by financing activities increased 48.4 million year over year driven by an increase in net proceeds from borrowings on our credit facilities of 102.4 million resulting from the May 2024 debt refinancing, inclusive of the deferred financing costs incurred, offset in part by a decrease in cash from additional payments of contingent earnout consideration classified as financing activity of 37.9 million, an increase in tax distributions to Baldwin Holdings members of 10.7 million relating to the sale of our Wholesale Business during 2024, and fewer cash settlements from interest rate caps of 5.6 million. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP, which requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Our estimates, judgments and assumptions are continually evaluated based on historical experience, known or expected trends, independent valuations and other factors we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. As future events and their effects cannot be determined with precision, actual results could differ significantly from these estimates. 
 There have been no material changes in our critical accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to those disclosed in the Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates section under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 Please refer to Note 1 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements of this report for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements that may impact us. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as premium amounts, interest rates and equity prices. We are exposed to market risk through our investments and borrowings under the 2024 Credit Facility. We use derivative instruments to mitigate our risk related to the effect of rising interest rates on our cash flows. However, we do not use derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 
 Our invested assets are held primarily as cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash. To a lesser extent, we may also utilize certificates of deposit, U.S. treasury securities and professionally managed short duration fixed income funds. These investments are subject to market risk. The fair value of our invested assets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 approximated their respective carrying values due to their short-term duration and therefore, such market risk is not considered to be material. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 837.9 million of borrowings outstanding under the 2024 Term Loan and no outstanding borrowings under our 2024 Revolving Facility. The 2024 Term Loan bears interest based on a variable rate of term SOFR, plus an applicable margin of 325 bps. An increase of 100 basis points on the term SOFR rate at September 30, 2024 would have increased our annual interest expense for the 2024 Credit Facility by 8.4 million. 
 Other than the entry into the 2024 Credit Facility and the expiration of our 300.0 million notional, 1.50 interest rate cap on March 10, 2024, there have been no material changes in market risk from the information presented in Part II, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 45 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our senior management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, which were identified in connection with management s evaluation required by paragraph (d) of Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, that materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 46 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 Please refer to Note 13 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1. Financial Statements of this report for a discussion of legal proceedings to which the Company is subject. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 See the risk factors outlined under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Issuer Repurchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table provides information about our repurchase of shares of our Class A common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Value that may yet be Purchased under the Plans or Programs July 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024 48,517 37.37 August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 28,690 41.63 September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 3,227 46.00 Total 80,434 39.24 
 __________ 
 (1) We purchased 80,434 shares during the three months ended September 30, 2024, which were acquired from our employees to cover required tax withholding on the vesting of shares granted under our Omnibus Incentive Plan or Partnership Inducement Award Plan. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K). 
 Adoption of Executive Severance Plan 
 On October 30, 2024, upon the recommendation of its Compensation Committee, the Board of Directors of the Company adopted and approved The Baldwin Insurance Group Holdings, LLC Executive Severance and Change in Control Benefit Program (the Severance Plan ), effective November 1, 2024. The Severance Plan provides severance benefits to the Company s executive officers and certain other eligible employees in the event of certain terminations of their employment and in connection with a Change in Control (as defined in the Severance Plan). 
 47 

Retirement 
 Subject to the executive s execution of a general release of liability in favor of the Company and compliance with the terms of a restrictive covenant agreement for five years following the retirement date, the Plan provides for retirement benefits to a retiring participant who either (i) is at least 50 years of age with more than 10 years of service to the Company, or (ii) has been continuously employed with the Company since its October 2019 initial public offering, including: 
 payment of any earned but unpaid bonus under the Company s annual incentive plan AIP for the completed prior year if the retirement date occurs prior to the scheduled date of the payment for such bonus; 
 a portion of the retiring executive s AIP payment for the year in which retirement occurs, determined in accordance with the applicable criteria under the AIP (assuming the Target threshold was achieved) and pro-rated for the time in the executive s role for such year; and 
 continued vesting of time-based and performance-based equity awards granted to the executive under the Company s Omnibus Incentive Plan. 
 Qualifying Separation from Service With No Change in Control 
 The Severance Plan provides for the payment of severance and other benefits to each participating executive in the event of a termination of employment by the Company without Cause (as defined in the Severance Plan) or due to the executive s voluntary resignation for Good Reason (as defined in the Severance Plan). The Severance Plan defines each event as a Qualifying Separation from Service. In the event of a Qualifying Separation from Service, subject to the executive s execution of a general release of liability in favor of the Company and compliance with the terms of any restrictive covenant agreement for two years following the Qualifying Separation from Service, the Severance Plan provides for the following payments and benefits: 
 a severance payment (paid over an 18-month period) calculated as base salary multiplied by one- and one-half in the case of the Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, the President of The Baldwin Group and CEO of Retail Brokerage Operations, and the President of The Baldwin Group and CEO of Underwriting, Capacity Technology Operations (collectively, the Group 1 Executives or a severance payment (paid over a 12-month period) calculated as base salary multiplied by one in the case of the Chief Accounting Officer, General Counsel, Chief Colleague Officer, Chief Marketing Officer, and Chief Digital and Information Officer of the Company (collectively, the Group 2 Executives 
 payment of any earned but unpaid bonus under the Company s AIP for the completed prior year if the Qualifying Separation from Service occurs prior to the scheduled date of the payment for such bonus; 
 a portion of the executive s AIP payment for the year in which the Qualifying Separation from Service occurs, determined in accordance with the applicable criteria (assuming the Target threshold was achieved) under the AIP and pro-rated for the time in the executive s role for such year; 
 continued vesting of time-based equity awards under the Company s Omnibus Incentive Plan; and 
 payment of the executive s premiums under the Consolidated Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended from time to time COBRA for a period of up to 12 months following the Qualifying Separation from Service. 
 Changes in Control 
 The Severance Plan also provides for the payment of enhanced severance and other benefits to executives in the event of a Change in Control during the Protected Period (as defined in the Severance Plan). In the event of a Change in Control not involving a Qualifying Separation from Service within the period beginning 90 days before the Change in Control and ending on the date 12 months following the Change in Control (the Change in Control Period ), the Severance Plan provides the following payments and benefits to the executives: 
 continued participation in the applicable bonus program pursuant to the Company s AIP or bonus provided by the executive s employment agreement in the event the AIP or such employment agreement is assumed by the acquiror, or payment of a pro-rated bonus (assuming the Target threshold was achieved) based on the portion of the current year in which the executive was employed by the Company prior to the Change in Control in the event the AIP or employment agreement is not assumed by the acquiror; and 
 48 

continued vesting of time-based and performance-based equity awards under the Company s Omnibus Incentive Plan in the event the Company s Omnibus Incentive Plan is assumed by the acquiror or accelerated vesting of time-based and performance-based equity awards under the Company s Omnibus Incentive Plan in the event the Company s Omnibus Incentive Plan is not assumed by the acquiror (with such acceleration effective as of date of the Change in Control with any applicable performance-based vesting determined in good faith by the Compensation Committee upon such Change in Control, treating the effective date of such Change in Control as the last day of the applicable performance period). 
 In the event of a Qualifying Separation from Service during the Change in Control Period, and subject to the executive s execution of a general release of liability in favor of the Company and compliance with the terms of any restrictive covenant agreement for two years following the Qualifying Separation from Service, the Severance Plan provides the following payments and benefits to the executives: 
 a severance payment (paid over a 24-month period) calculated as base salary multiplied by two in the case of the Group 1 Executives or a severance payment (paid over a 12-month period) calculated as base salary multiplied by one in the case of the Group 2 Executives; 
 payment of any earned but unpaid bonus under the Company s AIP for the completed prior year if the Qualifying Separation from Service occurs prior to the scheduled date of the payment for such bonus; 
 a portion of the executive s AIP payment for the year in which the Qualifying Separation from Service occurs, determined in accordance with the applicable criteria under the AIP (assuming the Target threshold was achieved) and pro-rated for the time in the executive s role for such year; 
 accelerated vesting of time-based and performance-based equity awards under the Company s Omnibus Incentive Plan (with such acceleration effective as of the date of the Qualifying Separation from Service with any applicable performance-based vesting determined in good faith by the Compensation Committee upon such Change in Control, treating the effective date of such Change in Control as the last day of the applicable performance period); and 
 payment of the executive s COBRA premiums for a period of up to twelve months following the Qualifying Separation from Service. 
 The above description is a summary of the terms of the Severance Plan and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, the terms of the Severance Plan, a copy of which is included in this report as Exhibit 10.1 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 49 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 The following exhibits are filed as a part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q: 
 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2019). 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 15, 2020). 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 7, 2024). 
 3.4 Second Amended and Restated By-Laws of the Company (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.4 of the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on May 7, 2024). 
 3.5 First Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated By-laws of The Baldwin Insurance Group, Inc. (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 31, 2024). 
 10.1 The Baldwin Insurance Group Holdings, LLC Executive Severance and Change in Control Benefit Program, dated as of November 1, 2024 
 10.2 Form of Acknowledgement of The Baldwin Insurance Group Holdings, LLC Executive Severance and Change in Control Benefit Program 
 31.1 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32 Certification of the Registrant s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 
 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in inline XBRL and included in Exhibit 101) 
 
 __________ 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith and as such are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 
 50 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 The Baldwin Insurance Group, Inc. Date: November 4, 2024 By: /s/ Trevor L. Baldwin Trevor L. Baldwin Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: November 4, 2024 By: /s/ Bradford L. Hale Bradford L. Hale Chief Financial Officer 

51 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 exhibit-101fy2024q3.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 

THE BALDWIN INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS, LLC 
 EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AND CHANGE IN CONTROL 
 BENEFIT PROGRAM 
 
 November 1, 2024 

THE BALDWIN INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS, LLC 
 EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AND CHANGE IN CONTROL 
 BENEFIT PROGRAM 
 
 November 1, 2024 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 1. Background 
 1 
 2. Definitions 
 1 
 3. Notice of Termination 
 6 
 4. Severance Payments and Change in Control Severance Payment and Benefit 
 6 
 5. Additional Requirements and Contingencies 
 12 
 (c) Return of Property. Upon termination of employment, Executive shall promptly (and in any event within five (5) days) return all property of the Company or Company Group member in his or her possession or under his or her control, including all records, files, equipment, supplies, keys, credit card(s), computer and related equipment, tablet, smartphone, and any other equipment that has been provided. Executive will not retain any copies or reproductions of correspondence and will not retain any copies or reproductions of correspondence, memoranda, reports, drawings, photographs, software, electronic media or documents relating in any way to the business of the Company or the Company Group. 
 13 
 6. Tax Matters. 
 13 
 (a) Withholding. The Company shall have the right to deduct from any payment made under this Program any amount required to be withheld for any federal, state or local income, employment or other taxes. 
 13 
 7. Employment Matters. 
 14 
 8. Successors to the Company No Assignment 
 14 
 9. Administration Claims Procedures 
 14 
 10. Miscellaneous 
 15 
 11. Program Modification or Termination 
 17 

THE BALDWIN INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS, LLC 
 EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AND CHANGE IN CONTROL 
 BENEFIT PROGRAM 
 
 November 1, 2024 

This Executive Severance and Change in Control Benefit Program (this Program is hereby established as of November 1, 2024 (the Effective Date by The Baldwin Insurance Group Holdings, LLC. 
 
 1. Background . The purpose of this Program is to provide certain Executives who are in a position to contribute materially to the success of the Company with reasonable benefits in the event of a Qualifying Separation from Service and or a Change in Control. The Company recognizes that when a Qualifying Separation from Service or a Change in Control occurs or is anticipated, the continued employment of an Executive may be uncertain without regard to such Executive s competence or past contributions. 
 The Company recognizes that this uncertainty may result in the departure of an Executive to the detriment of the Company and its shareholders. The Company desires to provide each Executive with the benefits set forth in this Agreement in order to protect against the security of a Qualifying Separation from Service and to secure the continued services of the Executives in the event of a Change in Control or anticipated Change in Control. 
 
 This Program also provides for limited benefits for certain Executives severing employment voluntarily after meeting certain minimum age and service requirements. 
 
 The terms and provisions under this Program shall supersede any conflicting provisions regarding severance, vesting or other similar provisions set forth in any separate individual employment agreement, Award Agreement or other agreement entered into between the Company (or any other applicable member of the Company Group) and the Executive (collectively, referred to herein as the Related Agreements ), provided that all other provisions of such agreements shall continue to apply. 
 
 2. Definitions . For purposes of this Program, the following terms have the meanings set forth below 
 (a) Award has the meaning set forth in the Incentive Plan. 
 (b) Award Agreement means any contract or other instrument or document (including in electronic form) evidencing any Award granted to an Executive pursuant to the terms of the Incentive Plan, including any applicable Performance-Based Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement or Restricted Stock Award Agreement previously entered into between Baldwin and any Executive. 
 (c) Baldwin means The Baldwin Insurance Group, Inc. (f k a BRP Group, Inc.), a Delaware corporation and the managing member of the Company. 
 1 

(d) Base Salary means, with respect to any period, the Executive s base salary. For the avoidance of doubt, Base Salary does not include any other compensation paid or provided to the Executive, including any cash bonuses, in-kind benefits, any matching employer contributions or non-elective employer contributions to the Executive s 401(k) plan, any expense reimbursements or any income from the grant, vesting or exercise of any equity or equity-linked compensation awards (such as stock options, restricted shares, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock units, performance shares or performance units). 
 (e) Board means the Board of Directors of Baldwin, as the managing member of the Company. 
 (f) Cause means, with respect to an Executive, any of the following, as determined by the Company (i) Executive has engaged in conduct which has caused, or is reasonably likely to cause, demonstrable and substantial injury to the Company Group, its business or its reputation (ii) Executive has engaged in any acts of theft, conversion, embezzlement, fraud or material dishonesty against or at the expense of the Company Group (iii) Executive has been indicted for (or its procedural equivalent), convicted of, or enters a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to, a felony or other criminal act involving fraud, dishonesty, money laundering, embezzlement or moral turpitude (iv) Executive has been grossly negligent or has engaged in willful misconduct in connection with the performance of Executive s duties and responsibilities to the Company Group or has materially violated any policies of the Company or the Company Group applicable to Executive resulting in material harm to the Company or Company Group (v) Executive (A) has refused to substantially perform Executive s duties and responsibilities, (B) persistently neglects Executive s duties and responsibilities, or (C) experiences chronic unapproved absenteeism (other than reasonable periods of disability or illness) (vi) Executive s (A) breach of any fiduciary duty owed to the Company Group, (B) unauthorized disclosure or misappropriation of trade secrets or other material confidential information of the Company Group, or (C) breach of any restrictive covenants applicable to such Executive, including those in the applicable Restrictive Covenants Agreement, or (vii) an action taken by a governmental authority, regulatory body or self-regulatory organization that substantially impairs Executive from performing Executive s duties, or an act or omission of Executive that could form the basis for a denial of an application, or otherwise could result in the termination, cancellation, or suspension of any license, right, permit or authorization required by law or any regulatory authority for the Executive to perform Executive s duties or for the Company Group to operate its business. In each case with respect to the preceding clauses (v)(A), (v)(B) and (v)(C), which if capable of being cured, is not cured by Executive within thirty (30) days following receipt of notice of such unacceptable behavior from the Company provided , that no such cure period shall apply, and no such notice shall be required, in the event that Executive is found to have engaged in conduct warranting termination for Cause on more than two occasions (and the Company has properly provided notice of the first two violations as applicable). 
 (g) Change in Control has the meaning set forth in the Incentive Plan. 
 (h) Clawback Policy means The Baldwin Group Clawback Policy, as may be in effect from time to time. 
 2 

(i) Code has the meaning set forth in the Incentive Plan. 
 (j) Committee has the meaning set forth in the Incentive Plan. 
 (k) Company means The Baldwin Insurance Group Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (or such successor or assignee thereto as provided in Section 8). 
 (l) Company Group means the Company and its current and future, direct and indirect, subsidiaries, parent company, affiliates, joint ventures and other related entities. 
 (m) Delay Period has the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(ii). 
 (n) Disability means a condition entitling Executive to benefits under the Company s long-term disability plan, policy or arrangement in which Executive participates provided, however, that if no such plan, policy or arrangement is then maintained by the Company and applicable to the Executive, Disability shall mean Executive s inability to perform, with or without reasonable accommodation, Executive s duties, responsibilities and functions of Executive s position with the Company Group due to a mental or physical condition that can be expected to result in death or that can be expected to last (or has already lasted) for a continuous period of 90 days or more, or for an aggregate of 180 days in any 365 consecutive day period, as determined by the Company in its good faith discretion. 
 (o) Effective Date has the meaning set forth in the first paragraph of this Program. 
 (p) Executive means, individually and collectively, each Group 1 Executive and each Group 2 Executive. 
 (q) Good Reason means the occurrence, without Executive s consent, of any of the following events (i) relocation of Executive s principal place of employment to a location more than forty (40) miles from the Executive's principal work location (excluding travel required to fulfill Executive s duties, authorities and responsibilities to the Company Group, including regular travel to, and working out of, the Company s headquarters in Tampa, Florida) (ii) a material reduction in Executive s Base Salary (other than a proportionate salary reduction that applies as part of a reduction to substantially all similarly situated senior executives of the Company) or (iii) a material diminution in Executive s authority, duties, or responsibilities (other than (A) temporarily while Executive is physically or mentally incapacitated or as required by applicable law, or (B) any change arising from an acquisition or divestiture by, or internal reorganization of, the Company Group). Prior to any resignation for Good Reason, Executive is required to give written notice to the Company of Executive s intent to resign for Good Reason, describing the reason for the resignation in sufficient detail in order to allow the Company the opportunity to address the situation. Such notice must be provided to the Company within sixty (60) days of the event(s) constituting Good Reason and must be given to the Company at least thirty (30) days in advance of the effective date of resignation. The Company shall be entitled to thirty (30) days after the date of the Company s receipt of Executive s written notice during which the Company can cure the situation. If the situation has not been cured within thirty (30) days after the date of Executive s written notice, Executive may then resign for Good Reason, by written notice, 
 3 

effective immediately, which date shall be the effective date of resignation. Where the Company fails to cure, Executive must terminate employment within thirty (30) days of the expiration of the cure period to preserve Executive s claim of Good Reason. For avoidance of doubt, Good Reason shall not exist following an isolated, insubstantial or inadvertent action that (x) is not taken in bad faith, or (y) is remedied within the cure period described in the preceding sentences. 
 (r) Group 1 Executive means, as of the applicable date, each employee of the Company Group holding one of the following positions with the following titles (or any applicable successor title in the event of a title change with no change in responsibilities) (i) Chief Executive Officer of the Company, (ii) Chief Financial Officer of the Company, (iii) President, The Baldwin Group and Chief Executive Officer, Retail Brokerage Operations, or (iv) President, The Baldwin Group and Chief Executive Officer, Underwriting, Capacity & Technology Operations. 
 (s) Group 2 Executive means, as of the applicable date, each employee of the Company Group holding one of the following positions with the following titles (or any applicable successor title in the event of a title change with no change in responsibilities) (i) Chief Accounting Officer of the Company, (ii) General Counsel of the Company, (iii) Chief Colleague Officer of the Company, (iv) Chief Marketing Officer of the Company, or (v) Chief Digital and Information Officer of the Company. 
 (t) Incentive Plan means the BRP Group, Inc. Omnibus Incentive Plan (or any successor plan, in each case, as amended from time to time). 
 (u) Involuntary Separation from Service means a Separation from Service that occurs due to the independent exercise of the unilateral authority of the Service Recipient to terminate the Executive s services, other than due to the Executive s implicit or explicit request, where the Executive is willing and able to continue performing services. The foregoing definition is intended to meet the definition of an involuntary separation from service within the meaning of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(n)(1), and shall be interpreted, construed, administered and applied consistently therewith. 
 (v) Non-Qualifying Separation from Service means, with respect to the Executive, any of the following (i) an Involuntary Separation from Service for Cause, (ii) a Separation from Service by reason of the Executive s death or Disability, (iii) a Voluntary Early Retirement, or (iv) a voluntary Separation from Service that is not for Good Reason. 
 (w) Performance Award has the meaning set forth in the Incentive Plan. 
 (x) Protected Period means, as to each Executive, the period that commences (i) on the later of (A) the Effective Date or (B) the date the employee becomes an Executive and (ii) terminates on the earliest of (A) the date of the Executive s Non-Qualifying Separation from Service, or (B) ninety (90) days after the date of the Executive s Qualifying Separation from Service 
 (y) Qualifying Separation from Service means, with respect to the Executive, either (i) an Involuntary Separation from Service without Cause, or (ii) a voluntary 
 4 

Separation from Service for Good Reason. The term Qualifying Separation from Service does not include, a Non-Qualifying Separation from Service. 
 (z) Release Effective Date has the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(i). 
 (aa) Required Release Date has the meaning set forth in Section 4(c)(i). 
 (ab) Restricted Stock shall have the meaning set forth in the Incentive Plan. 
 (ac) Restrictive Covenants Agreement means, with respect to each Executive, any applicable separate agreement (including any Restrictive Covenants Agreement or Protective Agreement) entered into by such Executive containing confidentiality, non-disclosure, non-competition, non-solicitation, non-acceptance, non-piracy, non-disparagement, assignment of inventions or other similar obligations or restrictive covenants imposed on Executive with respect to the Company Group. 
 (ad) Retire or Retirement means a permanent retirement from the insurance industry, which for this purpose includes, without limitation, (i) any Competing Business, Competing Enterprise or similar term (as set forth or defined in any Restrictive Covenant Agreement) (ii) any insurance or reinsurance brokerage or agency, (iii) any insurance or reinsurance intermediary, (iv) any insurance or reinsurance managing general agent, (v) any insurance or reinsurance underwriting or claims administration or processing business, (vi) any insurance or reinsurance carrier business, and (vi) any third-party administrator business in connection with any of the same. 
 (ae) Separation from Service has the same meaning as Termination of Service under the Incentive Plan and will be applied as required to all aspects of this Program. 
 (af) Separation from Service Date means the date on which a Separation from Service occurs as reflected in any applicable termination notice and related communications. 
 (ag) Service Recipient means the Company or a member of the Company Group for whom the Executive performs services and all persons with whom such member of the Company Group is considered a single employer under Sections 414(b) and 414(c) of the Code 
 (ah) Severance Benefits means, as applicable, each of the benefits described in Sections 4(b)(i), 4(b)(ii), 4(b)(iii) and 4(b)(iv) below. 
 (ai) Severance Payment has the meaning set forth in Section 4(b)(i). 
 (aj) Shares has the meaning set forth in the Incentive Plan. 
 (ak) Specified Employee means a key employee of the Service Recipient within the meaning of Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code and Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(i), as determined in accordance with the procedures adopted by the Board that are then in effect, or, if no such procedures are then in effect, in accordance with the default procedures set forth in Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(i). 
 5 

(al) Vesting Date means the vesting date of an Award as set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. 
 (am) Voluntary Early Retirement means a Separation from Service that is a result of an Executive voluntarily electing to Retire as described in Section 4(a)(iv). 
 3. Notice of Termination . The Company or the Executive, as the case may be, shall provide to the other party, concurrently therewith, a notice of termination that states the Separation of Service Date. Such notice shall describe in reasonable detail the reason for termination and, if applicable, the event, circumstance, act or omission constituting the basis for its determination that Cause or Good Reason exists and details regarding any failure to cure by the Company or Executive, as may be applicable. 
 4. Severance Payments and Change in Control Severance Payment and Benefit . 
 (a) Entitlement to Payment and Benefits. 
 (i) Qualifying Separation from Service No Change in Control. Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of this Program, the Company will pay the applicable Severance Payment under section 4(b)(i) and provide the Severance Benefits described under Section 4(b)(ii), 4(b)(iii) and 4(b)(iv) to an Executive that experiences a Qualifying Separation from Service during the Protected Period. 
 (ii) Change in Control Double Trigger. Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of this Program, the Company will pay the Severance Payment under Section 4(b)(i) and provide the other Severance Benefits set forth in Section 4(b)(ii), 4(b)(iii) and 4(b)(iv) to an Executive if both of the following requirements are satisfied (A) a Change in Control occurs during the Protected Period, and (B) the Executive experiences a Qualifying Separation from Service during the period that begins on 90 days prior to the date of the Change in Control and ends on the date that is twelve (12) months thereafter, subject to the remaining provisions in this Section 4(a)(ii). For the avoidance of doubt, unless both (A) and (B) of this Section 4(a)(ii) are satisfied, the Executive shall not be entitled to receive any payments or benefits under this Section 4(a)(ii). For the avoidance of doubt, nothing in this Section 4(a)(ii) will extend the length of the Protected Period. 
 (iii) Change in Control Single Trigger. Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of this Program, the Company will provide the Severance Benefits described in Section 4(b)(iii) and 4(b)(iv), as applicable, in the event there is a Change in Control during the Protected Period. 
 (iv) Voluntary Early Retirement. If an Executive that has either (A) been continuously employed with the Company Group since October 24, 2019 or (B) attained at least age 50 and completed more than 10 years of tenure with the Company Group, voluntarily Retires from the Company and the Company Group, the Executive will be considered to have a Voluntary Early Retirement. Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of this Program, such Executive will be entitled to the Severance Benefits set forth in Section 4(b)(iii)(d) and 4(b)(iv)(a). 
 6 

(b) Calculation of Severance Payment and Benefits. 
 (i) Severance Payment. 
 
 A. The Severance Payment for purposes of Section 4(a)(i) (Qualifying Separation from Service No Change in Control) is equal to the Executive s Base Salary in effect on the Separation from Service Date, multiplied by 1.5 for Group 1 Executives or 1.0 for Group 2 Executives. The Severance Payment shall be payable in equal installments over an 18-month period for Group 1 Executives and a 12-month period for Group 2 Executives commencing on the Separation from Service Date and in accordance with the Company s customary payroll practices as in effect from time to time (but no less frequently than monthly). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Severance Payment shall not commence earlier than the date set forth under Sections 4(c)(i) or Section 4(c)(ii), if applicable. 
 
 B. The Severance Payment for purposes of Section 4(a)(ii) (Change in Control Double Trigger) is equal to the Executive s Base Salary in effect on the Separation from Service Date, multiplied by 2.0 for Group 1 Executives or 1.0 for Group 2 Executives. The Severance Payment shall be payable in equal installments over a 24-month period for Group 1 Executives and 12-month period for Group 2 Executives commencing on the Separation from Service Date in accordance with the Company s customary payroll practices as in effect from time to time (but no less frequently than monthly). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Severance Payment shall not commence earlier than the date set forth under Sections 4(c)(i) or Section 4(c)(ii), if applicable. 
 
 (ii) Health Insurance. In addition to the Severance Payment, and subject to the terms of this Program, if the Executive is eligible for and timely elects to continue health insurance coverage under the health insurance plan available to active employees of the Company in accordance with COBRA for the Executive, the Executive s spouse and the Executive s dependents (to the extent applicable) following the Separation from Service Date, the Company will reimburse the Executive for the COBRA premiums that the Executive is required to pay in order to maintain such coverage for a period of twelve (12) months following the Separation from Service Date provided, however, that the Company s obligation to pay any COBRA premiums will cease immediately if the Executive becomes eligible for group health insurance coverage elsewhere during such twelve (12) month period, and the Executive agrees to promptly notify the Company if he or she becomes eligible to be covered by group health insurance elsewhere during such period. To receive the COBRA reimbursement, Executive shall submit to the Company written proof that he or she has made each applicable COBRA premium payment, and the Company will then reimburse Executive for such payment within sixty (60) days of the 
 7 

Company s receipt of such written proof from Executive. It is and shall remain Executive s obligation to timely elect and obtain COBRA insurance and pay all such premiums to the applicable carrier. 
 
 (iii) Awards under the Incentive Plan. 
 
 A. Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of this Program, for purposes of Executives experiencing an event described in Section 4(a)(i) (Qualifying Separation from Service No Change in Control), (I) any unvested restricted stock or other equity awards issued to the Executive under the Incentive Plan that vest solely based on continued employment with the Company (each, a Time-Based Award shall continue to vest in the same manner that they would have vested had the applicable Executive remained an active employee of the Company following a Qualifying Separation from Service, and (II) Executive shall forfeit any performance-based vesting award issued to the Executive under the Company s Incentive Plan (each, a Performance-Based Award on the Separation from Service Date. 
 
 B. Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of this Program, for purposes of Executives experiencing an event described in Section 4(a)(ii) (Change in Control Double Trigger), (I) any unvested Time-Based Award shall vest immediately upon the applicable Separation from Service Date and (II) any unvested Performance-Based Award shall vest immediately upon the applicable Separation from Service Date, subject to subsections (E) and (F) below. 
 
 C. Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of this Program, for purposes of Executives experiencing an event described in Section 4(a)(iii) (Change in Control Single Trigger), following the Change in Control, Executive shall continue participation in any unvested Time-Based Awards and Performance-Based Awards if the Incentive Plan and such Time-Based Awards and Performance-Based Awards are continued, converted, assumed or replaced with a substantially similar award by the Company or a successor entity or its parent or subsidiary in connection with the Change in Control (in each case, such award being considered Assumed provided , however , if any Time-Based Award and Performance-Based Award issued to Executive is not Assumed, vesting of such Time-Based Awards and Performance Awards will be accelerated and the Executive shall be fully vested effective as of the date of the Change in Control, subject to subsections (E) and (F) below. 
 
 8 

D. Pursuant to and subject to the terms and conditions of this Program, for purposes of Executives experiencing an event described in Section 4(a)(iv) (Voluntary Early Retirement), the retiring Executive will continue participation in any unvested Time-Based Awards and Performance-Based Awards awarded under the Incentive Plan. 
 
 E. For purposes of Performance-Based Awards in the foregoing subsection b. and Performance-Based Awards that are not Assumed in the foregoing subsection c., performance with respect to the performance goals of such Performance Based Award shall be determined in good faith by the Committee upon such Change in Control (treating the effective date of such Change in Control as the last day of the applicable performance period). 
 
 F. For any Performance-Based Awards subject to the foregoing subsections (B), (C), (D) and (E), and subject to the provisions of the Incentive Plan and the applicable Award Agreement, upon the vesting of any of the Performance-Based Awards, the Company shall deliver to the Executive, as soon as reasonably practicable after the Vesting Date, the number of Shares as determined in accordance with, the Incentive Plan and applicable Award Agreement provided that such delivery of Shares shall be made no later than (I) the end of the calendar year in which the Vesting Date occurs, or if later, (II) within two and one-half months following the Vesting Date. 
 
 (iv) Bonus Payments. 
 
 A. For purposes of Sections 4(a)(i) (Qualifying Separation from Service No Change in Control), 4(a)(ii) (Change in Control Double Trigger) and 4(a)(iv) (Voluntary Early Retirement) the Executive will be entitled to receive an amount equal to (I) any unpaid bonus actually earned for the most recent completed year if Executive s Separation from Service Date occurs prior to the applicable scheduled pay date for such annual bonus and (II) a prorated portion of the current year bonus based on the Target bonus opportunity listed in the applicable executive compensation framework or other compensation plan previously approved by the Committee with respect to such current year. 
 
 B. For purposes of Section 4(a)(iii) (Change in Control Single Trigger), the Executive will be entitled to continue participation in the applicable bonus program set forth in the applicable executive compensation framework or other compensation plan approved by the Committee with respect to such year or a bonus provided pursuant to the Executive s Employment Agreement, if such 
 9 

bonus program or Employment Agreement is assumed by the buyer and such bonus shall be paid in accordance with the provisions of the bonus program or Employment Agreement. If such bonus program or Employment Agreement is not assumed, a prorated portion of the current year bonus based on the Target bonus opportunity listed in the applicable executive compensation framework or other compensation plan approved by the Committee with respect to such current year and such bonus payment shall be paid in cash to the Executive in a single lump within 60 days following the Change in Control. 

(c) Payment and Provision of Severance Benefits. 
 
 (i) Payment Terms and Release. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Program, the Executive s right to receive the Severance Payment and benefits under this Program (with the exception of an Executive described in 4(a)(iii)) is expressly conditioned upon the Executive s execution and delivery to the Company of a general release of all claims in form and substance satisfactory to the Company (which shall apply to the Company Group, its owners, officers and employees and other related persons and affiliates). The Executive shall forfeit all rights to such Severance Benefits unless the general release is signed and delivered (and no longer subject to revocation, if applicable) within sixty (60) days following the Separation from Service Date (the Required Release Date ). The Severance Benefits shall be paid, commence or be provided, within fifteen (15) days following the date that such general release becomes effective and non-revocable (the Release Effective Date provided, however, that such first payment shall include all amounts that otherwise would have been paid prior to the date the first payment was made had such benefits commenced immediately upon the Separation from Service Date Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A of the Code, if the Separation from Service Date and Required Release Date are in two separate calendar years, any payments of amounts that constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code shall be payable on the later of (A) the date such payment is otherwise payable under this Program , or (B) the first payroll date in such second calendar year. 
 
 (ii) Section 409A Required Delay. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, if the Executive is a Specified Employee as of the Separation from Service Date, then with respect to any payment of deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code that is required to be delayed pursuant to Section 409A(a)(2)(B) of the Code, such payment shall not be made prior to the earlier of (A) the expiration of the six (6)-month period measured from the Separation from Service Date, or (B) the date of Executive s death (the Delay Period ). Upon the expiration of the Delay Period, all payments delayed pursuant to this Section 4(c)(ii) (whether they would have otherwise been payable in a single sum or in installments in the absence of such delay) shall be paid to the Executive in a lump sum and any 
 10 

remaining payments due under this Program shall be paid in accordance with the normal payment dates specified for them herein. 
 
 (iii) The Executive s continued receipt of the Severance Benefits are subject to the continued compliance by such Executive with the terms of the applicable Restricted Covenants Agreements for a period of two (2) years following Separation from Service for the Executives described in 4(a)(i) (Qualifying Separation from Service No Change in Control), 4(a)(ii) (Change in Control Double Trigger) and 4(a)(iii) (Change in Control Single Trigger), and for a period of five (5) years for those executives described in 4(a)(iv) (Voluntary Early Retirement). The periods during which the Executives are required to comply with their respective Restricted Covenants Agreements as set forth in this section shall be deemed to extend, as applicable, the applicable time period set forth in each Executive s respective Restricted Covenant Agreements. If an Executive fails to comply with their respective Restricted Covenants Agreements during the time periods set forth above in this Section 4(c)(iii), and any portion of the Severance Benefits has already been paid or provided, such Executive shall be required to reimburse the Company in full for the amount of the Severance Benefits so received. 
 
 (d) Clawback. Each Executive will continue to qualify as a Covered Executive (as defined in the Clawback Policy) under the Clawback Policy, and as such, any applicable Incentive Compensation (as defined in the Clawback Policy) received by each such Executive, including any Severance Benefits under this Program or otherwise will remain subject to any applicable recoupment, repayment, reimbursement or forfeiture obligations (i) to the extent required under the Clawback Policy or any other applicable Company or applicable Company Group member clawback or recoupment policy that is generally applicable to the Executives, as may be in effect from time to time and which is adopted by the Company or applicable member of the Company Group in order to comply with applicable law or stock exchange listing rules or (ii) as required by law or under applicable stock exchange listing rules. 
 
 (e) No Mitigation. The Executive shall have no obligation to mitigate the consequences of a Qualifying Separation from Service by seeking employment or otherwise, and the Severance Payment shall not be reduced or otherwise modified as a result of the Executive obtaining other employment or being engaged as an independent contractor after a Qualifying Separation from Service. 
 
 (f) Breach. An Executive's breach of his or her Restrictive Covenants Agreement during the time periods set forth in Section 4(c)(iii) will diminish the value of the Company and or the Company Group and will cause irreparable and continuing injury thereto for which an adequate legal remedy will not exist. Accordingly, if the Executive breaches his or her Restrictive Covenants Agreement or Section 5 below, Company shall be excused from paying or performing any liability or obligation owed the Executive under this Program and, without limiting or excluding any other available remedy, the Company and the Company Group will be entitled to the following remedies (to the extent legally available) (i) entry by a court having jurisdiction of an order granting specific performance or injunctive relief, 
 11 

without requirement of proof of monetary damage or an inadequate remedy at law (ii) the recovery from the Executive of payments made or benefits provided under this Program, (iii) the recovery from the Executive of all profit, remuneration, or other consideration that the Executive gains from breaching the restrictive covenant and any damages suffered by the Company and or the Company Group, to the extent ascertainable and (iv) reimbursement from the Executive of all costs incurred by the Company or the Company Group in enforcing the restrictive covenant or otherwise defending or prosecuting any mediation, arbitration, or litigation arising out of the restrictive covenant. The Company and the Company Group may exercise any of the foregoing remedies concurrently, independently, or successively. 
 
 (g) Section 280G. 
 
 (i) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement or any other plan, arrangement or agreement to the contrary, if any of the payments or benefits provided or to be provided by the Company Group to the Executive Covered Benefits constitute parachute payments Parachute Payments within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code, and would, but for this Section 4(g) be subject to the excise tax imposed under Section 4999 of the Code (or any successor provision thereto) or any similar tax imposed by state or local law or any interest or penalties with respect to such taxes (collectively, the Excise Tax ), then prior to making the Covered Payments, a calculation shall be made comparing (A) the Net Benefit (as defined below) to the Executive of the Covered Payments after payment of the Excise Tax to (B) the Net Benefit to the Executive if the Covered Payments are limited to the extent necessary to avoid being subject to the Excise Tax. Only if the amount calculated under (A) above is less than the amount under (B) above will the Covered Payments be reduced to the minimum extent necessary to ensure that no portion of the Covered Payments is subject to the Excise Tax (that amount, the Reduced Amount ). Net Benefit shall mean the present value of the Covered Payments net of all federal, state, local, foreign income, employment and excise taxes. 
 
 (ii) Any such reduction shall be made by the Company in its sole discretion consistent with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 (iii) Any determination required under this Section 4(g), including whether any payments or benefits are parachute payments, shall be made by the Company in its sole discretion. The Executive shall provide the Company with such information and documents as the Company may reasonably request in order to make a determination under this Section 4(g). The Company's determination shall be final and binding on the Executive. 
 
 5. Additional Requirements and Contingencies . 
 (a) Cooperation . At all times during the Executive s employment by the Company and or another Company Group member and following the Executive s Separation from Service for any reason (whether or not in connection with a Change in Control and whether or not the Executive receives any payments or other benefits under this Program), the Executive shall reasonably cooperate with the Company and any other Company Group 
 12 

member and their representatives in connection with any claims, investigations, audits, or legal, judicial or administrative proceedings related in any way to the Executive s employment with the Company and or any other Company Group member, including full disclosure of all relevant information and testifying truthfully on the Company s or the applicable Company Group s behalf. 
 (b) Nondisparagement. Executive shall not make any disparaging, negative or critical statements, written or oral, about the Company or the Company Group or their respective officers, directors, executives, managers, employees, policies, services, products, processes, operations, or facilities. 
 (c) Return of Property. Upon termination of employment, Executive shall promptly (and in any event within five (5) days) return all property of the Company or Company Group member in his or her possession or under his or her control, including all records, files, equipment, supplies, keys, credit card(s), computer and related equipment, tablet, smartphone, and any other equipment that has been provided. Executive will not retain any copies or reproductions of correspondence and will not retain any copies or reproductions of correspondence, memoranda, reports, drawings, photographs, software, electronic media or documents relating in any way to the business of the Company or the Company Group. 
 6. Tax Matters . 
 (a) Withholding. The Company shall have the right to deduct from any payment made under this Program any amount required to be withheld for any federal, state or local income, employment or other taxes. 
 
 (b) Section 409A Liability for Taxes Tax Advice. The parties intend for this Program to conform in all respects to the requirements under Section 409A of the Code or an exemption thereto. Accordingly, to the extent necessary to comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code or an exemption thereto, the parties intend for this Program to be interpreted, construed, administered and applied in a manner as shall meet and comply with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code or an exemption thereto, and the Board may amend this Program in its discretion so as to comply with any such requirement. Any reference in this Program to Section 409A of the Code, or any subsection thereof, shall be deemed to mean and include, to the extent then applicable and then in force and effect (but not to the extent overruled, limited or superseded), published rulings, notices and similar announcements issued by the Internal Revenue Service under or interpreting Section 409A of the Code and regulations (proposed, temporary or final) issued by the Secretary of the Treasury under or interpreting Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Program , neither the Company nor any individual acting as a director, officer, employee, agent or other representative of the Company shall be liable to the Executive or any other person for any claim, loss, liability or expense arising out of any interest, penalties or additional taxes due by the Executive or any other person as a result of this Program or the Company s administration of the terms of this Program not satisfying any of the requirements of Section 409A of the Code or an exemption thereto. The Executive represents and warrants that he or she has reviewed or will review with his or her own tax advisors the federal, state, local and employment tax consequences of entering into this 
 13 

Program , including, without limitation, under Section 409A of the Code, and, with respect to such matters, he or she relies solely on such advisors. 
 
 7. Employment Matters. 
 (a) No Right to Employment. This Program does not create a contract of employment between the Executive and the Company or any other Company Group member. This Program does not give the Executive any right to continue in the Company s or any other Company Group member s employment or any right to limit the Company s or any Company Group member s ability to terminate the Executive s employment at any time and for any or no reason, with or without Cause. 
 
 (b) Other Benefits. Except as otherwise provided herein, nothing in this Program shall prevent or limit the Executive s continuing or future participation in, or diminish or reduce the Executives rights under, any other benefit, bonus, incentive or other plan or program provided by the Company or any other Company Group member for which the Executive may qualify. Benefits or amounts receivable or payable under any such plan or program shall be provided or paid in accordance with the terms of such plan or program. 
 
 8. Successors to the Company No Assignment . The Company shall require any successor or assignee (whether direct or indirect, by purchase, merger, reorganization, consolidation, acquisition of property or stock, liquidation, or otherwise) to all or substantially all of the business or assets of the Company to expressly assume and agree to perform the Company s obligations under this Program in the same manner and to the same extent that the Company would be required to perform if no such succession or assignment had taken place. This Program is personal to each of the Executives, and an Executive may not assign any right or delegate any duty under this Program without the prior written consent of the Board. Any attempted assignment or delegation is void. Subject to the foregoing, this Program is binding upon and inures to the benefit of the Company, each Executive and their successors and assigns. If Executive becomes entitled to any payment or other benefit under this Program but dies prior to the applicable payment or other date, such payment or other benefit (to the extent applicable) shall be made to the Executive s estate. 
 9. Administration Claims Procedures . 
 (a) The Company will have full power and discretion to administer this Program in all of its details, and to determine eligibility for benefits under this Program, subject to applicable requirements of law. (The Company shall have sole discretionary authority to interpret, apply and administer the terms of this Program (and any agreement related hereto), including interpretation of any ambiguous provisions, determination of disputed facts, or application of this Program's provisions to unanticipated circumstances. 
 
 (b) In the event of a claim by the Executive as to entitlement or the amount of any distribution or its method of payment, the Executive shall present the reason for his or her claim in writing to the Company. The Company shall, within ninety (90) days after receipt of such written claim, send a written notification to the Executive as to its disposition, unless the Company determines that special circumstances require an extension of time for processing the claim. If the Company determines that an extension of time for processing is required, written notice of the extension will be furnished to the Executive prior to the 
 14 

termination of the initial ninety (90) day period. In no event will such extension exceed a period of ninety (90) days from the end of such initial period. The extension notice will indicate the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the Company expects to render the benefit determination. 
 
 (c) In the event the claim is wholly or partially denied, such written notification shall (i) state specifically the reason or reasons for the denial, (ii) reference the specific provisions of this Program on which the determination is based, (iii) provide a description of any additional material or information necessary for the Executive to perfect the claim and an explanation of why such material or information is necessary, and (iv) set forth the procedure by which the Executive may appeal the denial of the claim. 
 
 (d) In the event the Executive wishes to appeal the denial of his or her claim, the Executive may request a review of such denial by making application in writing to the Company within sixty (60) days after the receipt of the denial. The Executive (or his or her duly authorized legal representative) may, upon written request to the Company, review any documents pertinent to his or her claim, and submit in writing issues and comments in support of his or her position. Within sixty (60) days after receipt of the written appeal (unless special circumstances, such as the need to hold a hearing, require an extension of time, but in no event more than one hundred twenty (120) days after such receipt), the Company shall notify the Executive of the final decision. The final decision shall be in writing and shall include specific reasons for the decision, written in a manner calculated to be understood by the Executive, and specify references to the pertinent Program provisions on which the decision is based. 

10. Miscellaneous . 
 (a) Choice of Law. This Program shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida without giving effect to Florida s rules of conflicts of law, and regardless of the place or places of its physical execution and performance. By participating in the Program, the Executive and the Company hereby (i) consent to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts having jurisdiction in Hillsborough County, Florida, (ii) stipulate that the exclusive venue for any legal proceeding arising out of this Agreement is Hillsborough County, Florida, for a state court proceeding, or the Middle District of Florida, Tampa Division, for a federal court proceeding, and (iii) waive any defense, whether asserted by motion or pleading, that Hillsborough County, Florida, or the Middle District of Florida, Tampa Division, is an improper or inconvenient venue. 
 . 
 (b) Unsecured Creditor of the Company. This Program does not create, and shall not be construed to create, a trust or separate fund of any kind or a fiduciary relationship between the Company (or, any other member of the Company Group) and the Executive. This Program constitutes an unfunded Program only with the prior written consent of the Company and no course of conduct or course of dealing or failure or delay by any party in enforcing or exercising any of the provision Program shall affect the validity, binding effect or enforceability of this Program or be an implied waiver of any provision of this Program shall be an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money in the future, and nothing in this 
 15 

Program shall give the Executive any rights that are greater than those of a general unsecured creditor of the Company. Nothing in this Program creates for the Executive any recourse against any person other than the Company. 
 
 (c) Entire Program. This Program contains the entire understanding and agreement between the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Program and incorporates, as modified by this Program, the provisions of all Restrictive Covenant Agreements and the Related Agreements that do not contradict the terms of this Program as it relates to the Severance Benefits. 
 
 (d) Waiver. The provisions of this Program may be waived only with the written consent of the Company, and no course of conduct or course of dealing or failure or delay in enforcing or exercising any of the provision of this Program shall affect the validity, binding effect or enforceability of this Program or be deemed to be an implied waiver of any provision of this Program. 
 
 (e) Severability Blue Pencil. Executive acknowledges, stipulates, and agrees that the covenants and restrictions set forth and incorporated into the terms of this Program are reasonable as to geographical area, time, and line of business and are reasonably necessary to protect legitimate business interests of the Company Group, including trade secrets and other confidential information, substantial relationships with existing or prospective clients and insurers, goodwill associated therewith, and its ongoing business, in the geographical area in which the Company Group conducts its business. To the extent the duration, geographical area, or line of business of any of the preceding restrictions would cause them to be unenforceable in a particular jurisdiction, the restrictions automatically will be reformed for purposes of enforcement in that jurisdiction to the maximum duration, geographical area, or line of business that is valid and enforceable in that jurisdiction. Reformation of a restriction to validate its enforcement in any particular jurisdiction, however, will not affect the enforcement of the restriction as stated in any other jurisdiction in which it is enforceable as stated. If a provision of this Program is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be unenforceable, that provision will be deemed severable from the remaining provisions of this Program and will not affect the validity, interpretation, or effect of the other provisions of this Program or the application of that provision to other circumstances in which it is enforceable. The invalidity of a restriction in any particular jurisdiction will not affect the validity or enforcement of the restriction in another jurisdiction where it is otherwise valid. 
 
 (f) WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY KNOWINGLY, VOLUNTARILY AND INTENTIONALLY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN RESPECT OF ANY SUIT, ACTION OR PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF, UNDER OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS PROGRAM. 
 
 (g) Prevailing Party. If any party brings any judicial action or proceeding to enforce its rights under this Program, the prevailing party shall be entitled, in addition to any other remedy, to recover from the losing party, regardless of whether such action or 
 16 

proceeding is prosecuted to judgment, all costs and expenses (including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys fees) incurred therein by the prevailing party. 
 
 (h) Notices. Except as otherwise provided in this Program , all notices, requests, demands, consents, instructions or other communications required or permitted under this Program shall be in writing and shall be either personally delivered, sent by reputable overnight courier service, or sent by email transmission. Any notice under this provision shall be deemed to have been given when so delivered, sent or mailed. In the case of notice to an Executive, notice will be sent to the most recent address set forth in the payroll records of the Company or by email provided by the Executive. Notice to the Company shall be provided to 
 
 The Baldwin Group 
 4010 Boy Scout Boulevard, Suite 200 
 Tampa, Florida 33607 
 Attn Seth Cohen 
 Email legalnotice baldwin.com 
 
 (i) Captions and References Grammatical Changes. Captions contained in this Program are inserted only as a matter of convenience and in no way define, limit or extend the scope or intent of this Program or any provision of this Program. Unless otherwise expressly provided to the contrary, references in this Program to articles, sections, paragraphs and the like constitute references to the articles, sections and paragraphs of this Program. Whenever from the context it appears appropriate, each term stated in either the singular or the plural shall include the singular and the plural, and pronouns stated in the masculine, the feminine or the neuter gender shall include the masculine, feminine and neuter gender as the circumstances require. 
 
 (j) Execution of Program. This Program may be executed in any number of counterparts, each such counterpart being deemed to be an original instrument, and all such counterparts shall together constitute the same agreement. The exchange of copies of this Program and of signature pages by electronic transmission shall constitute effective execution and delivery of this Program as to the parties and may be used in lieu of the original Program for all purposes. 
 
 11. Program Modification or Termination . 
 (a) This Program may be modified or amended at any time by the Company, with or without notice. Without limiting the foregoing, this Program may be modified or amended to increase, decrease or eliminate the Severance Payments to any Executive who incurs a Separation from Service after such modification or amendment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, no amendment or modification will materially adversely affect an Executive covered under this Program (even if there has not been a Separation from Service) without 
 17 

such Executive s written consent. The Company may also extend the applicability of this Program to other executives. 
 (b) It is the intention of the Company to continue this Program and make Severance Payments to all eligible terminating Executives. However, the Company may terminate this Program at any time with respect to any Executive that has not incurred a Separation from Service. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this Program may not be terminated with respect to any Executive that is covered under this Program, without such Executive s written consent. 
 (c) Any modification, amendment, termination, withholding, extension or other action shall be in writing and apply only to Executives that have not incurred a Separation from Service. Any such modification, amendment, termination, withholding, extension or other action shall be authorized or ratified by the Company with written consent provided by the Executives in accordance with Sections 11(b) and 11(c), as applicable. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Program has been executed this 1st day of November, 2024. 
 
 The Baldwin Insurance Group Holdings, LLC By s Seth Cohen Seth Cohen, General Counsel 
 18 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 exhibit-102fy2024q3.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 Exhibit 10.2 

 THE BALDWIN INSURANCE GROUP HOLDINGS, LLC 
 EXECUTIVE SEVERANCE AND CHANGE IN CONTROL 
 BENEFIT PROGRAM 

PARTICIPANT ACKNOWLEDGEMENT 
 
 Effective as of November 1, 2024 

This Participant Acknowledgement is made and entered into effective as of November 1, 2024, by _________________________ (the Executive to set forth the Executive s understanding with respect to his her participation in The Baldwin Insurance Group Holdings, LLC Executive Severance and Change in Control Benefit Program (the Program and the effect such participation may have on any executed agreements between the Executive and The Baldwin Insurance Group Holdings, LLC (the Company and their current and future, direct and indirect subsidiaries, parent company, affiliates, joint ventures and other related entities (together with Company, the Company Group ). 
 
 By signing below, Executive hereby acknowledges that he she has reviewed the Program and the Program Specifications attached hereto, and fully understands the terms of the Program. The Executive further acknowledges and understands the following 
 
 The terms and provisions under the Program shall supersede any conflicting provisions regarding retirement, change in control, severance, vesting or other similar provisions set forth in any separate individual employment agreement, Award Agreement or other agreement entered into between the Company (or any other applicable member of the Company Group) and the Executive (collectively, referred to herein as the Related Agreements ), provided that all other provisions of the Related Agreements shall continue to apply. 
 
 In order to begin receiving and continue to receive the Severance Benefits that the Executive may be otherwise eligible to receive under the terms of the Program, the Executive may be required to sign a release in accordance with Section 4(c) and comply with the provisions of any Restrictive Covenant Agreement for the periods set forth in the Program. 
 
 The Program shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Florida without giving effect to Florida s rules of conflicts of law, and regardless of the place or places of its physical execution and performance. By participating in the Program the Executive (a) consents to the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts having jurisdiction in Hillsborough County, Florida, (b) stipulates that the exclusive venue for any legal proceeding arising out of this 

Agreement is Hillsborough County, Florida, for a state court proceeding, or the Middle District of Florida, Tampa Division, for a federal court proceeding, and (c) waives any defense, whether asserted by motion or pleading, that Hillsborough County, Florida, or the Middle District of Florida, Tampa Division, is an improper or inconvenient venue. 
 
 Any defined terms set forth herein that are not defined in this document will have the same definition as set forth in the Program. 

Executive s Signature Date 
 2 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit-311fy2024q3.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Trevor L. Baldwin, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of The Baldwin Insurance Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Trevor L. Baldwin Trevor L. Baldwin Chief Executive Officer Date November 4, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit-312fy2024q3.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT RULE 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Bradford L. Hale, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of The Baldwin Insurance Group, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Bradford L. Hale Bradford L. Hale Chief Financial Officer Date November 4, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 6
 exhibit-32fy2024q3.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 The certification set forth below is being submitted in connection with The Baldwin Insurance Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code. 
 Trevor L. Baldwin, Chief Executive Officer, and Bradford L. Hale, Chief Financial Officer, of The Baldwin Insurance Group, Inc. (the Company ), each certify to the best of such officer s knowledge, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 By s Trevor L. Baldwin Trevor L. Baldwin Chief Executive Officer Date November 4, 2024 By s Bradford L. Hale Bradford L. Hale Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 bwin-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 bwin-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 bwin-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 bwin-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 bwin-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

