<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1481028_0001213900-24-096976.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3948147</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>45354</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1021728</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>669713</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1097212</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1044137</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-096976.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112182350
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-096976
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		63
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SUNHYDROGEN, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001481028
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SEMICONDUCTORS & RELATED DEVICES [3674]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54437
		FILM NUMBER:		241450466

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BIOVENTURES CENTER
		STREET 2:		2500 CROSSPARK ROAD
		CITY:			CORALVILLE
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			52241
		BUSINESS PHONE:		805-966-6566

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BIOVENTURES CENTER
		STREET 2:		2500 CROSSPARK ROAD
		CITY:			CORALVILLE
		STATE:			IA
		ZIP:			52241

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Hypersolar, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100114

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-096976.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 ea0220449-10q_sunhydro.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM __________ TO __________ 

COMMISSION FILE NUMBER: 

(Name of registrant in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Issuer s telephone Number: 

Former address, if changed since last report 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Ticker symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer , smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The number of shares of registrant s
common stock outstanding, as of November 7, 2024 was . 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

INDEX 

Page 
 
 PART I: FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 
 
 Item 1: 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheets 
 1 

Condensed Statements of Operations 
 2 

Condensed Statements of Shareholders Equity/(Deficit) 
 3 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 
 4 

Notes to the Condensed Financial Statements 
 5 
 
 Item 2: 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 
 
 Item 3: 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 17 
 
 Item 4: 
 Controls and Procedures 
 17 

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION 
 18 
 
 Item 1 
 Legal Proceedings 
 18 
 
 Item 1A: 
 Risk Factors 
 18 
 
 Item 2: 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 18 
 
 Item 3: 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 18 
 
 Item 4: 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 18 
 
 Item 5: 
 Other Information 
 18 
 
 Item 6: 
 Exhibits 
 18 

Signatures 
 19 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2024 

(unaudited) 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses 
 
 -

Equity securities, related party 

TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS 

OTHER ASSETS 

PROPERTY EQUIPMENT 

Machinery and equipment 

Computers and peripherals 

Vehicle 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

NET PROPERTY AND EQUIPMENT 

INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

Trademark, net of amortization of and , respectively 

Patents, net of amortization of and , respectively 

TOTAL INTANGIBLE ASSETS 

TOTAL OTHER ASSETS 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, PREFERRED STOCK SUBJECT TO REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and other payables 

Accrued expenses 

Loan payable, related party 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMIMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (SEE NOTE 9) 
 -
 
 -

Series C Preferred Stock, and shares issued and outstanding, 

redeemable value of and , respectively 

SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Preferred Stock, par value; authorized preferred shares 
 -
 
 -

Common Stock, par value; authorized common shares and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional Paid in Capital 

Accumulated deficit 

TOTAL SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, PREFERRED STOCK SUBJECT TO REDEEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed
financial statements. 

1 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

REVENUE 
 -
 
 -

OPERATING EXPENSES 

Selling and Marketing 

General and administrative expenses 

Research and development cost 

Depreciation and amortization 

TOTAL OPERATING EXPENSES 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) 

OTHER INCOME/(EXPENSES) 

Investment income 

Dividend expense 

Unrealized (gain)/loss on change in fair value of investment, related party 

Realized gain(loss) on redemption of marketable securities 
 -

Interest expense 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES) 

NET INCOME (LOSS) 

BASIC DILUTED EARNINGS (LOSS) PER SHARE 

WEIGHTED-AVERAGE COMMON SHARES OUTSTANDING 

BASIC DILUTED 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDER S DEFICIT 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024
AND 2023 

Additional 

Preferred stock 
 
 Common stock 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Mezzanine 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balance at June 30, 2023 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stock upon partial conversion of purchase agreement for cash 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Issuance of common stock upon conversion of Series C Preferred stock 
 -
 
 -

-

Stock compensation expense 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net Loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at September 30, 2023 
 -
 
 -

Balance at June 30, 2024 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stock upon partial conversion of purchase agreement for cash 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Stock compensation expense 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -

-

Net Loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance at September 30, 2024 
 -
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

(Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended 
September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net Income (Loss) 

Adjustment to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities 

Depreciation amortization expense 

Stock based compensation expense for services 

Loss on redemption of marketable securities 
 -

Unrealized (gain)/loss on change in fair value of investment, related party 

Change in assets and liabilities : 

Prepaid expense 
 
 -

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

NET CASH USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Marketable securities purchased 
 -

Marketable securities redeemed 
 -

Purchase of certificate of deposit 
 -

Redemption of short term investments in corporate securities 
 -

NET CASH USED IN INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 -

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Repayment of related party note payable 

Net proceeds from common stock purchase agreements 

NET CASH PROVIDED BY FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents - end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION 

Interest paid 

Taxes paid 
 -
 
 -

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF NON CASH TRANSACTIONS 

Conversion of Series C Preferred shares to common stock 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed
financial statements. 

4 

SUNHYDROGEN,
INC. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS OF SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

. The Company, based in Coralville, IA began operations on February 19, 2009. 

Line of Business 

The company is currently developing a novel solar-powered
nanoparticle system that mimics photosynthesis to separate hydrogen from water. We intend for technology of this system to be used for
the production of renewable hydrogen to produce renewable electricity and hydrogen for fuel cells and other applications where hydrogen
is used. 

SunHydrogen is developing
an efficient and cost-effective way to produce truly green hydrogen using sunlight and any source
of water. Just like a solar panel is comprised of multiple cells that generate electricity, our hydrogen panel encases multiple
hydrogen generators immersed in water. Each hydrogen generator contains billions of electroplated nanoparticles, autonomously splitting
water into hydrogen and oxygen. Our technology has the potential to be one of if not the most economical green hydrogen
solutions: Unlike traditional water electrolysis for hydrogen, our process requires no external power other than sunlight and uses efficient
and low-cost materials. 

U.S. Treasury bills 

Total cash and cash equivalents 

5 

.
The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk in these accounts. 

Years Vehicle Years 

and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

years Less accumulated amortization Trademark-net Patents-gross years Less accumulated amortization Patents-net 

and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

6 

stock options, common stock purchase warrants, and common shares issuable upon conversion
of the outstanding Series C Preferred shares. Stock options, common stock purchase warrants, and common shares issuable upon conversion
of Series C Preferred shares were not included in the calculation of net earnings per share because their impact on income per share is
antidilutive. 

stock options, common stock purchase warrants, and common shares issuable upon conversion
of the outstanding Series C Preferred shares. Stock options, common stock purchase warrants, and common shares issuable upon conversion
of Series C Preferred shares were not included in the calculation of net earnings per share because their impact on income per share is
antidilutive. 

7 

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

-

and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. 

and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

8 

shares of preferred stock as Series
C Preferred Stock. Each share of Series C Preferred Stock has a stated value of and is convertible into shares of common stock of
the Company at a conversion price equal to . The Series C Preferred Stockholders are entitled to receive out of any funds and
assets of the Company legally available prior and in preference to any declaration or payment of any dividend on the common stock of the
Company, cumulative dividends, at an annual rate of of the stated value, payable in cash or shares of common stock. In the event the
Company declares or pays a dividend on its shares of common stock (other than dividend payable in shares of common stock), the holders
of Series C Preferred Stock will also be entitled to receive payment of such dividend on an as--converted basis. The Series C Preferred
Stock confers no voting rights on holders, except with respect to matters that materially and adversely affect the voting powers, rights
or preferences of the Series C Preferred Stock or as otherwise required by applicable law. Upon liquidation, dissolution and winding up
of the Company, the holder of each outstanding share of Series C Preferred Stock shall be entitled to receive, out of the assets of the
Company available for distribution to its shareholders upon such liquidation, before any payments shall be made or any assets distributed
to the holders of the common stock, the stated value of the Series C Preferred Shares plus any declared but unpaid dividends. No other
current or future equity holders of the Company shall have higher priority of liquidation preference than holders of Series C Preferred
Stock. 

The Series C Preferred Stock is presented as mezzanine
equity because it is redeemable at a fixed or determinable amount upon an event that is outside of the Company s control. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2023,
an investor converted preferred shares with a stated value of , at a conversion price of . The preferred shares
were converted into common shares, no gain or loss was recognized in the financial statements. 

As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the
Company had shares of Series C Preferred Stock outstanding, respectively. The fair value of the outstanding shares was ,
respectively. 

of shares of common stock. For the three months ended September
30, 2024, the Company issued shares of common stock for under the purchase agreement at prices of
 - , pursuant to purchase notices received from the investor. The finance cost of was deducted from the
gross proceeds received, leaving net proceeds of . 

9 

of common stock. For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
the Company issued shares of common stock for under the purchase agreement at prices of , pursuant to purchase
notices received from the investor. The finance cost of was deducted from the gross proceeds received, leaving gross proceeds of
 . 

On September 8, 2023, the Company issued 
shares of common stock, upon conversion of shares of preferred stock with a face value of at an exercise price of . 

We also recognized in stock-based compensation
based on grant date fair values and vesting terms of restricted stock unit awards granted in prior periods. 

shares reserved for issuance. The purpose of
the 2019 Plan is to promote the success of the Company and to increase stockholder value by providing an additional means through the
grant of awards to attract, motivate, retain, and reward selected employees and other eligible persons. The awards are performance-based
compensation that are granted under the 2019 Plan as incentive stock options (ISO) or nonqualified stock options. The per share exercise
price for each option shall not be less than of the fair market value of a share of common stock on the date of grant of the option.
The Company periodically issues stock options and warrants to employees and non-employees in non-capital raising transactions for services
and for financing cost. 

As of September 30, 2024, under the 2019 Equity
Incentive Plan, there were stock options and shares issued, with a reserve of . 

2022 Equity Stock Incentive Plan 

On January 27, 2022, the Company adopted the 2022
Equity Incentive Plan, to enable the Company to attract and retain the types of employees, consultants, and directors who will contribute
to the Company s long-range success. The maximum number of shares of common stock that may be issued under the 2022 Plan is initially
 . The number of shares will automatically be increased on the first day of the Company s fiscal year beginning in 2023
so that the total number of shares issuable equals fifteen percent of the Company s fully diluted capitalization on the first
day of the Company s fiscal year, unless the Board adopts a resolution providing that the number of shares issuable under the 2022
Plan shall not be so increased. 

As of July 1, 2024, the maximum number of shares
issuable under the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan was increased to shares, based on the Company s fully diluted capitalization
of . As of September 30, 2024, there were stock options and shares issued, with a reserve of . 

Granted 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Canceled/Expired 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 - 
 
 Options outstanding at September 30, 2024 

10 

Total stock compensation expense related to the
options for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024 there was
approximately thousand of unrecognized compensation cost related to the Options, which is expected to be recognized over a remaining
weighted-average vesting period of approximately years. 

Warrants 

Granted 
 -
 
 -

Canceled/Expired 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Warrants outstanding at September 30, 2024 

shares of TECO stock for an aggregate
consideration of million in USD, at an exchange rate of NOK . The stocks purchased are adjusted to fair value based on unrealized
gain or loss at the end of each period. At the time of this transaction, the Company and TECO became related parties due to the Company
owning an interest in TECO. Subsequent to the equity purchase, Timothy Young, CEO of the Company, was elected to the board of TECO
in January of 2023. 

11 

million. The issuance of the bond receivable is through a Tap Issue Addendum
to TECO s secured convertible notes agreement dated June 1, 2022, pursuant to which Nordic Trustee AS is acting as the security
agent on behalf of the note holders. The bond receivable would have matured on , and would have been converted into shares
at a rate of NOK per share. The note bore interest at the rate of per annum, which was paid quarterly in arrears. For the three
months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized interest income of . 

In April of 2024, all investors of TECO bonds
received an option to convert their bonds to receive one share for every two NOK. On May 24, 2024 the Company agreed to the terms and
conversion, and agreed to receive shares of TECO stock in exchange for the convertible bond receivable of and unpaid
interest. The bond receivable had a principal amount of NOK , and accrued and unpaid interest up to May 24, 2024 of NOK ,
for a total of NOK . The value of the shares converted on May 24, 2024 was with contributed capital gain on conversion
of convertible bond of and interest received of . 

On September 10, 2024, after a delay to allow
time for legal review and clarification of the investment statements, the bond was returned. Upon receipt of the shares, the
Company owns a total of shares, which as of September 30, 2024 represents of the outstanding shares of TECO. 

The CEO of the Company elected to not seek reelection
to the board of directors at the annual general meeting in June and is no longer a director of TECO after June 19, 2024. The CEO of the
Company never received compensation of any kind for his role as director from January of 2023 through June 19, 2024. 

May 24, 2024 

Total 

Interest earned on Treasury Bills (NOTE 2) 

Interest earned on Certificates of Deposit (NOTE 9) 
 -

Interest earned on Corporate Bonds 
 -

Interest earned on TECO bond (NOTE 7) 
 -

Dividends and other 

Total investment income 

certificate of deposit (CD), which matured on . CDs should be reported as part of cash and cash equivalents
at cost plus accrued interest if less than 90 days from the purchase date, and on its own line in the financial statements if the purchase
is greater than 90 days. The CD has been classified as a short-term investment due to the length of time to maturity at acquisition and
was measured using Level 2. The CD was reinvested upon maturity. The Company recognized interest income of which was reported
in the Company s financial statements as of September 30, 2024. 

12 

from the Company in four equal installments of . The agreement can be terminated
by either party upon sixty (60) days prior written notice to the other. As of September 30, 2024, there is a balance due of per
the agreement. 

Effective October 1, 2023, the Company extended
its research agreement with the University of Michigan through September 30, 2024. As consideration under the research agreement, the
University of Michigan received payments of on the research agreement. The research agreement was amended for an additional
 , which will be paid in four installments. In the event of early termination by the Sponsor, the Sponsor will pay all costs accrued
by the University as of the date of termination, including non-cancellable obligations. As of September 30, 2024, there is a balance due
of per the agreement. 

The Company began renting lab space in February
2022. The lab rental is on a month-to-month basis and is cancellable with a thirty (30) day notice. On April 1, 2024, the Company renewed
the space needed for its lab work at a monthly rent of per month. Due to the rental being month-to-month, ASC 842 lease accounting
is not applicable. 

In the normal course of business, the Company
may be involved in legal proceedings, claims and assessments arising in the ordinary course of business. Such matters are subject
to many uncertainties, and outcomes are not predictable with assurance. In the opinion of management, the ultimate
disposition of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or
results of operation. 

loan with the Company s CEO for the repayment of accrued salary expense. The loan bears interest
of five percent and will be repaid with monthly payments of , including interest and principal over a two-year period. As of
September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the principal balance remaining on the loan was and , respectively and interest paid
during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

Other Related Party Activity 

See Note 7 for related party transactions with
respect to TECO 2030 A.S.A. 

million shares of the Company s common
stock (the Stock Options ). The Stock Options will be subject to the terms and conditions of the Company s 2022 Equity
Incentive Plan and a stock option agreement. As of the date of this filing, the Board has not yet approved the grant of the Stock Options. 

As of market close on November 11, 2024, the fair
value of the TECO equity securities held by the Company was , a significant decrease from the fair value as of September 30,
2024 which was . 

13 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

The information in this
report may contain forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties, including statements
regarding our capital needs, business strategy and expectations. Any statements that are not of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking
statements. These forward-looking statements involve substantial risks and uncertainties. In some cases you can identify forward-looking
statements by terminology such as may, will, should, expect, plan, 
 intend, anticipate, believe, estimate, predict, potential, 
or continue , the negative of the terms or other comparable terminology. Actual events or results may differ materially from
the anticipated results or other expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements. In evaluating these statements, you should
consider various factors, including the risks included from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
or the SEC. These factors may cause our actual results to differ materially from any forward-looking statements. We disclaim any obligation
to publicly update these statements, or disclose any difference between actual results and those reflected in these statements, except
as may be required under applicable law. 

Unless the context otherwise
requires, references in this Form 10-Q to we, us, our, SunHydrogen, or the Company 
refer to SunHydrogen, Inc. 

Overview 

At
SunHydrogen, our goal is to replace fossil fuels with clean, renewable hydrogen. 

Hydrogen
is the most abundant chemical element in the universe. When hydrogen fuel is used to power transportation and industry, the only byproduct
left behind is pure water, unlike hydrocarbon fuels such as oil, coal and natural gas that emit carbon dioxide and other harmful pollutants
into the atmosphere. However, naturally occurring elemental hydrogen is rare - so rare, in fact, that today about 95 of hydrogen is produced
from steam reforming of natural gas (Source: US Department of Energy, Hydrogen Fuel Basics). This process is both economically
and environmentally unsound. 

The
SunHydrogen solution offers an efficient and cost-effective way to produce truly green hydrogen using sunlight and any source of water.
Our core technology is a self-contained, nanoparticle-based hydrogen generator that mimics photosynthesis to split water molecules, resulting
in hydrogen. By optimizing the science of water electrolysis at the nano-level, we believe we have developed a low-cost method to potentially
produce environmentally friendly renewable hydrogen. 

We
believe renewable hydrogen has already proven itself to be a key solution in helping the world meet climate targets, and we believe our
technology potentially offers solutions to the challenges that the hydrogen future presents, including cost of production and transportation. 

Because
our process only requires sunlight and water, our technology can be installed near the point of hydrogen use. This eliminates the need
for pipelines and trucks that result in high carbon emissions and high capital investment. Additionally, because our process directly
uses the electrical charges created by sunlight to generate hydrogen, our nanoparticle technology does not rely on grid power or require
the costly power electronics that conventional electrolyzers do. Lastly, our planned scalable system configuration of many individual
hydrogen-generating panels ensures redundancy, security and stability. 

With
a target cost of 2.50/kg., we aspire for our technology to be cost-competitive with brown hydrogen and below the cost of clean hydrogen
competitors. We believe our solution has the potential to clear a path for green hydrogen to compete with natural gas hydrogen and gain
mass market acceptance as a true replacement for fossil fuels. 

14 

Our
technology is primarily developed at three laboratories - our independent laboratory in Coralville, Iowa, the SunHydrogen laboratory at
the University of Iowa, and the Singh laboratory at University of Michigan. 

Additionally,
in parallel to the ongoing development of our own technology, we are well-capitalized to begin pursuing synergistic strategic investments
in the hydrogen space. SunHydrogen is committed to furthering renewable hydrogen technology to grow the hydrogen ecosystem, and we are
actively pursuing opportunities for investment and acquisition of complimentary hydrogen technologies. We are fortunate to have the resources
to maximize our impact in this fast-growing industry. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our
discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial
statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses,
and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates, including those related
to impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets, deferred tax assets and fair value computation using the Binomial valuation
option pricing model. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions, such as the trading value of our
common stock and estimated future undiscounted cash flows, that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which
form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources.
Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions; however, we believe that our estimates, including
those for the above-described items, are reasonable. 

Use of Estimates 

In
accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, management utilizes estimates and assumptions that affect
the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
as well as the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
These estimates and assumptions relate to useful lives and impairment of tangible and intangible assets, accruals, income taxes, stock-based
compensation expense, Binomial lattice valuation model inputs, derivative liabilities and other factors. Management believes it has exercised
reasonable judgment in deriving these estimates. Consequently, a change in conditions could affect these estimates. 

Fair Value of Financial
Instruments 

Fair
value of financial instruments requires disclosure of the fair value information, whether or not recognized in the balance sheet, where
it is practicable to estimate that value. As of September 30, 2024, the amounts reported for cash, investment in affiliate, accrued interest
and other expenses, notes payables, and derivative liability approximate the fair value because of their short maturities. 

We
adopted ASC Topic 820 for financial instruments measured as fair value on a recurring basis. ASC Topic 820 defines fair value, established
a framework for measuring fair value in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States and expands disclosures
about fair value measurements. 

Recently Issued Accounting
Pronouncements 

Management
reviewed currently issued pronouncements during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and does not believe that any recently issued,
but not yet effective, accounting standards if currently adopted would have a material effect on the accompanying condensed financial
statements. Pronouncements are disclosed in notes to the financial statements. 

15 

Results of Operations for the Three Months
ended September 30, 2024 compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Operating Expenses 

Operating
expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 1,036,427, compared to 998,730 for the three months ended September 30,
2023. The net change of 37,697 in operating expenses consisted primarily of an increase in research and development costs offset by decreases
in general and administrative expenses and selling and marketing expenses. 

Other Income/(Expenses) 

Other
income and (expenses) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were (1,010,411), compared to 550,618 for the three months ended
September 30, 2023. The decrease in other income of 1,561,029 was the result of an unrealized loss on the Company s investment
in TECO (Equity securities, related party on the Condensed Balance Sheets) in the current period compared to an unrealized gain in the
prior year offset with a realized loss on redemption of marketable securities in the prior year with no similar transactions in the current
year. 

Net Loss 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our net loss was 2,046,838,
compared to a net loss of 448,112 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net loss of 1,598,726 was primarily
due to an unrealized loss on the Company s investment in TECO (Equity securities, related party on the Condensed Balance Sheets)
in the current period compared to an unrealized gain in in the prior year. These equity securities are measured at fair value on a recurring
basis. In addition, the Company has not generated any revenues. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Liquidity is the ability of
a company to generate funds to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing
basis. Significant factors in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, levels of accounts receivable and accounts
payable and capital expenditures. 

As of September 30, 2024,
we had working capital of 42,561,105, compared to 42,386,683 as of June 30, 2024. This increase in working capital of 174,422 was primarily
due to a decrease in current liabilities. 

Cash used in operating activities
was 704,064 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 474,766 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The net
increase of 229,298 in cash used in operating activities was due to increase in increase in the net loss offset an unrealized loss in
equity securities, related party in the current period compared to an unrealized gain in equity securities, related party in the prior
year. The Company has had no revenues. 

Cash used in investing activities
during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was 0 and 2,014,728, respectively. The net decrease of 2,014,728
in cash used in investing activities was due to the purchase of certificate of deposits offset by the redemption of short-term investments
in corporate securities during the three months ended September 30, 2023 with no similar transactions in the three months ended September
30, 2024. 

Cash provided by financing
activities during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 was 2,165,303 and 217,826, respectively. The net
increase of 1,947,477 in cash provided by financing activities was due to increased proceeds from a Purchase Agreement entered with an
investor for the sale of up to 45,000,000 of common stock . 

Our
ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon raising capital through financing transactions and future revenue. Our capital
needs have primarily been met from the proceeds of private placements and registered offerings of our securities, as we have not generated
any revenues to date. 

We
have historically obtained funding from investors, through private placements and registered offerings of equity and debt securities.
Management believes that the Company will be able to continue to raise funds through the sale of its securities to its existing shareholders
and prospective new investors, which will provide the additional cash needed to meet the Company s obligations as they become due
and will allow the Company to continue to develop its core business. There can be no assurance that we will be able to continue raising
the required capital for our operations on terms and conditions that are acceptable to us, or at all. If we are unable to obtain sufficient
funds, we may be forced to curtail and/or cease our operation. 

16 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements that are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, revenues or expenses, result
of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

Not required for smaller reporting
companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the
participation of our CEO and our Acting CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(e) and Rule 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation,
our CEO and our Acting CFO concluded that, due to the material weakness described below, our disclosure controls and procedures as
of the end of the period covered by this report were not effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed is made
known to management and others, as appropriate, to allow timely decision regarding required disclosure and that the information
required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and
reported within the time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our CEO and Acting CFO, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. 

Our management, including
our principal executive officer and acting principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or
our internal controls will prevent all error or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable,
not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact
that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations
in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any,
have been detected. To address the material weaknesses, we performed additional analysis and other post-closing procedures in an effort
to ensure our financial statements included in this Annual Report have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. Accordingly, management believes that the financial statements included in this report fairly present in all material respects
our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented. 

As of September 30, 2024, due to the inherent issue of segregation of duties in a small company, we have relied heavily on entity or management
review controls and engaged an outside financial consultant to lessen the issue of segregation of duties over accounting, financial close
procedures and controls over financial statement disclosure. Accordingly, management has determined that this control deficiency constitutes
a material weakness. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change to our
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

17 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

We are not currently a party
to, nor is any of our property currently the subject of, any material legal proceeding. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

There are no material changes
from the risk factors previously disclosed in our annual report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on September 30, 2024. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

During the quarter ended September
30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Sarbanes-Oxley Section 302 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Acting Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 101 
 
 Inline XBRL Document Set for the financial statements and accompanying notes in Part I, Item 1, of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 104 
 
 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. 

Filed herewith 

Furnished herewith 

18 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

November 12, 2024 
 SUNHYDROGEN, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Timothy Young 

Timothy Young 
Chief Executive Officer and 
Acting Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer, 
Principal Financial Officer and 
Principal Accounting Officer) 

19 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022044901ex31-1_sunhydro.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Timothy Young, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q of SunHydrogen, Inc. for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d 15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of
the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying
officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

/s/ Timothy Young 

Timothy Young 

Chief Executive Officer Acting Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 ea022044901ex32-1_sunhydro.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 USC, SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly
Report of SunHydrogen, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy Young, Chief Executive Officer Acting
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) Information contained in the Report
fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 12, 2024 
 /s/ Timothy Young 

Timothy Young 

Chief Executive Officer Acting Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Executive and Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 hysr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 5
 hysr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 hysr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 hysr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 hysr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

