<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1345016_0001345016-24-000060.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8388349</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>120511</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1450771</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3156454</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1843493</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1636266</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001345016-24-000060.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108162525
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001345016-24-000060
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			YELP INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001345016
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PERSONAL SERVICES [7200]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				201854266
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35444
		FILM NUMBER:		241440987

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 MISSION STREET
		STREET 2:		10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(415) 908-3801

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		350 MISSION STREET
		STREET 2:		10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94105

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	YELP! INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001345016-24-000060.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 yelp-20240930.htm
 10-Q

yelp-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ______________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Form 
 ______________________________________________________________________________________________________ QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number: 
 _____________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 ______________________________________________________________________________________________________ (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 _________________________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 1, 2024, there were shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.000001 per share. 

Table of Contents 

 Y ELP I NC . 
 Q UARTERLY R EPORT ON F ORM 10-Q 
 T ABLE OF C ONTENTS Page Part I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 36 
 Part II. Other Information 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 37 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 37 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 39 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 39 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 39 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 40 
 Signatures 
 
 ___________________________________ 
 Unless the context suggests otherwise, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Quarterly Report to Yelp, the Company, we, us and our refer to Yelp Inc. and, where appropriate, its subsidiaries. 
 Unless the context otherwise indicates, where we refer in this Quarterly Report to our mobile application or mobile app, we refer to all of our applications for mobile-enabled devices; references to our mobile platform refer to both our mobile app and the versions of our website that are optimized for mobile-based browsers. Similarly, references to our website refer to versions of our website dedicated to both desktop- and mobile-based browsers, as well as the U.S. and international versions of our website. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that, if they never materialize or prove incorrect, could cause our results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. All statements contained in this Quarterly Report that are not purely historical, including statements regarding our future results of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans, and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our financial performance, including our revenue, operating expenses and margins, as well as our ability to maintain profitability; 
 our ability to maintain and expand our advertiser base; 
 our strategic initiatives to support revenue growth and margin expansion; 
 our investment plans and priorities, including planned investments in product development, marketing and our sales channels, as well as proposed acquisition of RepairPal, Inc. RepairPal ), and our ability to execute against those plans and priorities and the results thereof; 
 our ability to operate with a distributed workforce as well as the benefits and costs thereof; 
 trends and expectations regarding customer and revenue retention; 
 trends and expectations regarding our key metrics, including consumer traffic and engagement and the opportunity they present for growth; 
 our liquidity and working capital requirements; and 
 our plans with respect to our stock repurchase program. 
 Forward-looking statements are often identified by the use of words such as, but not limited to, anticipate, believe, can, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, project, seek, should, target, will, would and similar expressions or variations intended to identify forward-looking statements. 
 These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of our management, which are in turn based on information currently available to management. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other important factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the forward-looking events and circumstances discussed in this Quarterly Report may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included under Part I, Item 1A in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report ), such as: 
 adverse macroeconomic conditions, including related to inflation, interest rates and supply chain issues, and their impact on consumer behavior, user activity and advertiser spending ; 
 our ability to maintain and expand our advertiser base, particularly as many businesses continue to face macroeconomic challenges, including labor and supply chain difficulties ; 
 our ability to execute on our strategic initiatives and the effectiveness thereof ; 
 our ability to hire, retain, motivate and effectively manage well-qualified employees in a primarily remote work environment; 
 our ability to maintain and increase user engagement on our platform , including our ability to generate, maintain and recommend sufficient content that consumers find relevant, helpful and reliable ; 
 the rapidly evolving and intensely competitive markets in which we operate; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 our reliance on third-party service providers and strategic partners ; 
 our reliance on search engines and application marketplaces, certain providers of which offer products and services that compete directly with our products ; 
 our ability to maintain the uninterrupted and proper operation of our technology and network infrastructure ; 
 actual or perceived security breaches as well as errors, vulnerabilities or defects in our software or in products of third-party providers ; 
 our ability to generate sufficient revenue to maintain profitability, particularly in light of our limited operating history in an evolving industry , significant ongoing investments in our strategic initiatives, and the ongoing impact of macroeconomic challenges ; 
 our ability to accurately forecast revenue and appropriately plan expenses; 
 our ability to operate effectively on mobile devices and other platforms beyond desktop computers ; 
 our actual or perceived failure to comply with laws and regulations applicable to our business ; 
 our ability to maintain, protect and enhance the Yelp brand and manage negative publicity that may arise ; and 
 our ability to successfully manage any strategic opportunities, including the acquisition and integration of any new businesses, solutions or technologies, such as our acquisition of Repai rPal, as well as our ability to monetize the acquired products . 
 Furthermore, such forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. 
 NOTE REGARDING METRICS 
 We review a number of performance metrics to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends in our business, prepare financial projections and make strategic decisions. Please see the section titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Metrics in this Quarterly Report and in our Annual Report for information on how we define our key metrics. Unless otherwise stated, these metrics do not include metrics from subscription products or our business-owner products. 
 While our metrics are based on what we believe to be reasonable calculations, there are inherent challenges in measuring usage across our large user base. Certain of our performance metrics, including the number of unique devices accessing our mobile app, ad clicks, average cost-per-click and active claimed local business locations, are tracked with internal company tools, which are not independently verified by any third party and have a number of limitations. For example, our metrics may be affected by mobile applications that automatically contact our servers for regular updates with no discernible user action involved; this activity can cause our system to count the device associated with the app as an app unique device in a given period. Although we take steps to exclude such activity and, as a result, do not believe it has had a material impact on our reported metrics, our efforts may not successfully account for all such activity. 
 Our metrics that are calculated based on data from Google Analytics, a digital marketing intelligence product from Google LLC Google the number of desktop and mobile website unique visitors are subject to similar limitations. Google Analytics periodically encounters difficulties in providing accurate data for such metrics as a result of a variety of factors, including human and software errors. In addition, because these traffic metrics are tracked based on unique identifiers, an individual who accesses our website from multiple devices with different identifiers may be counted as multiple unique visitors, and multiple individuals who access our website from a shared device with a single identifier may be counted as a single unique visitor. As a result, the calculations of our unique visitors may not accurately reflect the number of people actually visiting our website. 
 Our measures of traffic and other key metrics may also differ from estimates published by third parties (other than those whose data we use to calculate such metrics) or from similar metrics of our competitors. We are continually seeking to improve our ability to measure these key metrics, and regularly review our processes to assess potential improvements to their accuracy. From time to time, we may discover inaccuracies in our metrics or make adjustments to improve their accuracy, including adjustments that may result in the recalculation of our historical metrics. We believe that any such inaccuracies or adjustments are immaterial unless otherwise stated. Similarly, Google Analytics also makes periodic changes and updates to their tools and methodologies. As of July 1, 2024, Google no longer offers the Universal Analytics version of its Google Analytics product that we have historically used for our web traffic metrics. We plan to begin reporting our web traffic metrics based on internal measurement tools for the year ending December 31, 2024. These changes to our web traffic metrics will result in inconsistency between new data and previously reported data. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 YELP INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except par value) 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term marketable securities Accounts receivable (net of allowance for doubtful accounts of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, equipment and software, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangibles, net Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 
 Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Operating lease liabilities current Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities long-term Other long-term liabilities 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 12 
 par value shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Treasury stock ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 YELP INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net revenue Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) Sales and marketing Product development General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Total costs and expenses Income from operations Other income, net Income before income taxes Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) ) Net income attributable to common stockholders Net income per share attributable to common stockholders Basic Diluted Weighted-average shares used to compute net income per share attributable to common stockholders Basic Diluted 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 YELP INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income attributable to common stockholders Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale debt securities, net of tax ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

6 

Table of Contents 

 YELP INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity 
 Shares Amount Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercises of employee stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of restricted stock units RSUs ), net Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation (inclusive of capitalized stock-based compensation) Taxes withheld related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Retirement of common stock ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net income Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon vesting of RSUs, net Stock-based compensation (inclusive of capitalized stock-based compensation) Taxes withheld related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Retirement of common stock ) ) Other comprehensive income Net income Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 YELP INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (CONTINUED) 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercises of employee stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of RSUs, net Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation (inclusive of capitalized stock-based compensation) Taxes withheld related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Retirement of common stock ) ) Other comprehensive income Net income Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercises of employee stock options Issuance of common stock upon vesting of RSUs, net Issuance of common stock for employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation (inclusive of capitalized stock-based compensation) Taxes withheld related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Retirement of common stock ) ) Other comprehensive income Net income Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 YELP INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Provision for doubtful accounts Stock-based compensation Amortization of right-of-use assets Deferred income taxes ) ) Amortization of deferred contract cost Asset impairment Other adjustments, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Accounts payable, accrued liabilities and other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Purchases of marketable securities available-for-sale ) ) Sales and maturities of marketable securities available-for-sale Purchases of other investments ) Purchases of property, equipment and software ) ) Other investing activities Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of common stock for employee stock-based plans Taxes paid related to the net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Payment of issuance costs for credit facility ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash End of period Supplemental Disclosures of Other Cash Flow Information Cash paid for income taxes, net Supplemental Disclosures of Noncash Investing and Financing Activities Purchases of property, equipment and software recorded in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Repurchases of common stock recorded in accounts payable and accrued liabilities Excise tax accrued on net stock repurchases 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 YELP INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 There have been no material changes to the Company s significant accounting policies from those described in the Annual Report. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 Cash equivalents Total cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 Restricted cash is included in other non-current assets on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 3. 
 Total cash equivalents Short-term marketable securities: Certificates of deposit Commercial paper Corporate bonds ) Agency bonds U.S. government securities ) Total short-term marketable securities ) Total ) 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Total cash equivalents Short-term marketable securities: Certificates of deposit Commercial paper Corporate bonds ) Agency bonds ) U.S. government securities ) Total short-term marketable securities ) Total ) 
 ) ) ) U.S. government securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) December 31, 2023 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Corporate bonds ) ) ) Agency bonds ) ) U.S. government securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did t recognize any credit loss related to available-for-sale marketable securities. 
 Due in one to five years Total 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 U.S. government securities Commercial paper Marketable securities: Certificates of deposit Commercial paper Corporate bonds Agency bonds U.S. government securities Other investments: Certificates of deposit Total cash equivalents, marketable securities and other investments 
 The certificates of deposit that are categorized as other investments with original maturities of one year or less are reflected in prepaid expenses and other current assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. Those with original maturities of more than one year are reflected in other non-current assets. 
 Certain long- and indefinite-lived assets are recognized at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, including assets that are written down as a result of an impairment. The Company recognized impairment charges related to right-of-use ROU assets and leasehold improvements associated with certain office space that it subleased or abandoned during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. See Note 8, Leases , for further details. The Company estimated the fair value of these assets as of the impairment dates using an income approach based on discounted cash flows expected to be received for the subleased or abandoned properties. This valuation technique relied on certain assumptions made by management based on both internal and external data, such as the incremental borrowing rates used to discount these cash flows to their present values. As a result, these assets are classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 Certificates of deposit Other current assets Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 
 and short-term deposits. 
 
 6. 
 Leasehold improvements (1) 
 Computer equipment Furniture and fixtures Telecommunication Software Total Less accumulated depreciation and amortization (1) 
 ) ) Property, equipment and software, net 
 (1) Leasehold improvements, net was reduced to reflect an impairment of million recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of the Company s subleases of certain office space. For more information, see Note 8, Leases . 
 Depreciation and amortization expense related to property, equipment and software was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 7. 
 t impaired, as the fair value of the reporting unit exceeded its carrying value. Additionally, no triggering events were identified as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023 that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of goodwill below its carrying value. 
 Effect of currency translation Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 ) years Licensing agreements ) years Domain and data licenses ) years Total ) 
 December 31, 2023 Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Weighted-Average Remaining Life 
 Business relationships ) years Licensing agreements ) years Domain and data licenses ) years Total ) 
 Amortization expense related to intangible assets was million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total amortization 
 
 8. 
 Short-term lease cost (12 months or less) Sublease income ) ) ) ) Total lease cost, net 
 The Company s leases and subleases do not include any variable lease payments, residual value guarantees, related-party leases, or restrictions or covenants that would limit or prevent the Company from exercising its right to obtain substantially all of the economic benefits from use of the respective assets during the lease term. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Less imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 Weighted-average discount rate operating leases 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company determined that it was reasonably certain it would exercise the early termination option included in the lease for certain office space in San Francisco. As a result, the Company remeasured the associated lease liability and ROU asset in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842 and reduced each by million during the nine-month period. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company subleased certain office space in San Francisco and Toronto. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company abandoned certain office space in San Francisco. The Company evaluated the associated ROU assets and leasehold improvements for impairment as a result of the subleases and abandonment in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 360, Property, Plant, and Equipment, because the change in circumstances indicated that the carrying amount of such assets may not be recoverable. The Company compared the carrying value of the impacted assets to the fair value to determine the impairment amount and recognized an impairment charge of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which reduced the carrying amount of the ROU assets and leasehold improvements by million and million, respectively. The Company recognized an impairment charge of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which reduced the carrying amount of the ROU asset and leasehold improvements by million and million, respectively. The impairment charges are included in general and administrative expenses on the condensed consolidated statement of operations. For more information on the fair values of the ROU asset and leasehold improvements used in the impairment analysis, see Note 4, Fair Value Measurements . 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 Deferred contract costs Other non-current assets Total other non-current assets 
 
 10. 
 Add: provision for doubtful accounts Less: write-offs, net of recoveries ) ) Balance, end of period 
 In calculating the allowance for doubtful accounts as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company considered expectations of probable credit losses based on observed trends in cancellations, observed changes in the credit risk of specific customers, the impact of anticipated closures and bankruptcies using forecasted economic indicators in addition to historical experience and loss patterns during periods of macroeconomic uncertainty. The increases in the provision for doubtful accounts and write-offs, net of recoveries in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the prior-year period were a result of the ordinary course of business, reflecting higher aggregate customer delinquencies as well as the increase in net revenue. 
 Contract liabilities consist of deferred revenue, which is recorded on the condensed consolidated balance sheets when the Company has received consideration, or has the right to receive consideration, in advance of transferring the performance obligations under the contract to the customer. 
 Less: recognition of deferred revenue from beginning balance ) Add: net increase in current period contract liabilities Balance, end of period 
 The majority of the Company s deferred revenue balance as of September 30, 2024 is classified as short-term and is expected to be recognized as revenue in the subsequent three-month period ending December 31, 2024. An immaterial amount of long-term deferred revenue is included in other long-term liabilities as of September 30, 2024. other contract assets or liabilities were recorded on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 Employee-related liabilities Accrued legal settlements Other accrued liabilities Total accounts payable and accrued liabilities 
 As of September 30, 2024, other accrued liabilities primarily consisted of accrued operating expenses and cost of revenue, as well as taxes payable. 
 
 12. 
 million, which payment the Company expected to be partially funded by insurance proceeds. The parties executed a settlement agreement, which the plaintiff presented to the Superior Court for approval. On April 10, 2024, the Superior Court granted final approval of the settlement, which resolved all claims asserted against the Company in the CIPA Action without any liability or wrongdoing attributed to it. 
 The Company assesses, in conjunction with its legal counsel, the need to record a liability for litigation and contingencies, which it will accrue when it believes a loss is probable and the amount can be reasonably estimated. As of March 31, 2024, the Company believed the loss was probable and the payment amount of million represented a reasonable estimate of loss contingency. The Company recorded a million accrual for loss contingency related to the CIPA Action as of December 31, 2022 and an additional accrual of million during 2023, resulting in a million accrual for loss contingency within accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet as of March 31, 2024. The accrual for loss contingency was released upon the settlement payment of million in the three months ended June 30, 2024. The receivable for loss recovery that was recorded in 2023 for the anticipated insurance proceeds of million was released upon receipt of the proceeds on January 18, 2024. 
 Other Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is subject to other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company currently does not believe that the final outcome of any of these other matters will have a material effect on the Company s business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the 2023 credit facility ). The 2023 credit facility replaced the Company s previous million revolving credit facility entered into on May 5, 2020 with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A. (the 2020 credit facility ), which terminated concurrently with the establishment of the 2023 credit facility. The 2023 credit facility includes a letter of credit sub-limit of million, a bilateral letter of credit facility of million and an accordion option, which, if exercised, would allow the Company to increase the aggregate commitments by up to million, plus additional amounts if the Company is able to satisfy a leverage test, subject to certain conditions. The commitments under the 2023 credit facility expire on April 28, 2028. 
 Loans under the 2023 credit facility bear interest, at the Company s election, at either (a) an adjusted term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus plus a margin of - , depending on the Company s total leverage ratio, or (b) an alternative base rate plus a margin of - , depending on the Company s total leverage ratio. The Company is required to pay a commitment fee on the undrawn portion of the aggregate commitments that accrues at - per annum, depending on the Company s total leverage ratio, as well as a letter of credit fee on any outstanding letters of credit that accrues at - per annum, depending on the Company s total leverage ratio. 
 The 2023 credit facility contains customary conditions to borrowing, events of default and covenants, including covenants that restrict the Company s ability to incur indebtedness, grant liens, make distributions, pay dividends, repurchase shares, make investments and engage in transactions with the Company s affiliates, in each case subject to certain exceptions. The 2023 credit facility also requires the Company to maintain a total leverage ratio of no greater than to 1.00, subject to an increase up to to 1.00 for a certain period following significant acquisitions, and an interest coverage ratio of no less than to 1.00. The obligations under the 2023 credit facility are secured by liens on substantially all of the Company s domestic assets, including certain domestic intellectual property assets and the equity of its domestic subsidiaries, as well as a portion of the equity interests the Company holds directly in its foreign subsidiaries. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million of letters of credit outstanding under the 2023 credit facility sub-limit, which were moved from the 2020 credit facility. The letters of credit are primarily related to lease agreements for certain office locations and are required to be maintained and issued to the landlords of each facility. loans were outstanding under the 2023 credit facility and the Company was in compliance with all conditions and covenants thereunder as of September 30, 2024. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 13. 
 par value 
 Undesignated preferred stock 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s board of directors had authorized the Company to repurchase up to an aggregate of billion of its outstanding common stock, million of which remained available as of September 30, 2024. The Company may purchase shares at management s discretion in the open market, in privately negotiated transactions, in transactions structured through investment banking institutions or a combination of the foregoing. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased on the open market shares for an aggregate purchase price of million and retired shares. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a treasury stock balance of shares, which were excluded from its outstanding share count as of such date and subsequently retired in October 2024. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased on the open market and subsequently retired shares for an aggregate purchase price of million. Although there were shares of treasury stock as of September 30, 2023, the treasury stock balance included an amount of excise tax imposed by the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 on stock repurchases, net of shares issued, during the nine months then ended. 
 Equity Incentive Plans 
 Stock Options 
 Exercised ) Canceled ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Options vested and exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the closing price of the Company s common stock as quoted on the New York Stock Exchange on a given date and the exercise price of outstanding, in-the-money options. The total intrinsic value of options exercised was and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 There were options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024, total unrecognized compensation costs related to nonvested stock options were approximately million, which the Company expects to recognize over a weighted-average time period of years. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Granted Vested (1) 
 ) Canceled ) Nonvested at September 30, 2024 (2) 
 
 (1) Includes shares that vested but were not issued due to the Company s use of net share settlement for payment of employee taxes. 
 (2) Includes PRSUs. 
 The aggregate fair value as of the vest date of RSUs and PRSUs that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs and PRSUs, which it expects to recognize over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of approximately years. 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 There were shares purchased by employees under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP at a weighted-average purchase price per share of during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and shares were purchased by employees under the ESPP during the three months ended September 30, 2024. There were and shares purchased by employees under the ESPP at a weighted-average purchase price per share of and during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The Company recognized stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP of million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 Sales and marketing Product development General and administrative Total stock-based compensation recorded to income before income taxes Benefit from income taxes ) ) ) ) Total stock-based compensation recorded to net income attributable to common stockholders 
 The Company capitalized million and million of stock-based compensation expense as website and internal-use software development costs and, to a lesser extent, implementation costs incurred related to cloud computing arrangements that are service contracts in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 14. 
 Transaction gain (loss) on foreign exchange, net ) ) ) Release of nonrecurring tax reserve (1) 
 Other non-operating income, net Other income, net 
 (1) Represents the release of a reserve related to a one-time payroll tax credit. 
 
 15. 
 million, which was due to million of U.S. federal, state and foreign income tax expense, partially offset by million of net discrete tax benefit primarily related to stock-based compensation. Th e benefit from income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was million, which was due to million of net discrete tax benefit primarily related to: the 2022 federal and state tax provision to return adjustments, which mainly resulted from the release of Internal Revenue Service guidance related to the requirement to capitalize and amortize certain research and development expenses under the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act; a one-time litigation settlement loss contingency in connection with the agreement to settle the CIPA Action as detailed in Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies ; and the tax benefit related to stock-based compensation. These tax benefits were partially offset by million of U.S. federal, state and foreign income tax expense. 
 Accounting for income taxes for interim periods generally requires the provision for income taxes to be determined by applying an estimate of the annual effective tax rate for the full fiscal year to income or loss before income taxes, excluding unusual or infrequently occurring discrete items, for the reporting period. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the difference between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory tax rate primarily related to tax credits, offset by stock-based compensation and other non-deductible expenses. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the difference between the effective tax rate and the federal statutory tax rate primarily related to tax credits, offset by stock-based compensation. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect the Company s effective tax rate. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company estimated that it had accumulated undistributed earnings generated by its foreign subsidiaries of approximately million. Any taxes due with respect to such earnings or the excess of the amount for financial reporting over the tax basis of the Company s foreign investments would generally be limited to foreign and state taxes. The Company has not recognized a deferred tax liability related to unremitted foreign earnings, as it intends to indefinitely reinvest these earnings, and expects future U.S. cash generation to be sufficient to meet future U.S. cash needs. 
 In addition, the Company is subject to the continuous examination of its income tax returns by the I nternal Revenue Service and other tax authorities. The Company s federal and state income tax returns for tax years subsequent to 2003 remain open to examination. In the Company s foreign jurisdictions Canada, Germany, Ireland and the United Kingdom the tax years subsequent to 2018 remain open to examination. The Company regularly assesses the likelihood of adverse outcomes resulting from examinations to determine the adequacy of its provision for income taxes and monitors the progress of ongoing discussions with tax authorities and the impact, if any, of the expected expiration of the statute of limitations in various taxing jurisdictions. The Company believes that an adequate provision has been made for any adjustments that may result from tax examinations. However, the outcome of tax audits cannot be predicted with certainty. If any issues addressed in the Company s tax audits are resolved in a manner not consistent with management s expectations, the Company could be required to adjust its provision for income taxes in the period such resolution occurs. As of September 30, 2024, although the timing of the resolution or closure of audits is not certain, the Company believes it is reasonably possible that unrecognized tax benefits will t be reduced within the next 12 months. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 16. 
 Shares used in computation: Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic net income per share attributable to common stockholders: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Diluted net income per share: Net income attributable to common stockholders Shares used in computation: Weighted-average common shares outstanding Stock options RSUs ESPP Number of shares used in diluted calculation Diluted net income per share attributable to common stockholders: 
 RSUs 
 
 17. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Restaurants, Retail Other Advertising Other (1) 
 Total net revenue 
 (1) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, other revenue includes revenue generated from transactions with consumers, which the Company reported separately as transactions revenue in prior periods. Prior-period amounts in the table above have been reclassified to conform to the current-period presentation. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, no individual customer accounted for 10 or more of consolidated net revenue. 
 All other countries Total net revenue 
 Long-Lived Assets 
 All other countries Total long-lived assets 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 18. 
 million in cash, subject to customary post-closing adjustments based on net working capital, indebtedness and third-party expenses. Of such amount, the following amounts will be held back to secure the Company s right of indemnity under the Merger Agreement: (1) million will be held back for a 15-month period after closing; (2) million will be held back for a 24-month period after closing; and (3) million will be held back until 30 days following the final, non-appealable resolution of certain legal matters. The Company will retain such holdback amounts, which will be classified as restricted cash. 
 Subject to customary closing conditions, the Company expects to close the Merger by the end of 2024. 
 The Company is currently in the process of valuing the assets expected to be acquired and liabilities expected to be assumed in its acquisition of RepairPal, which it expects to reflect in its financial statements for the year ending December 31, 2024. 
 The Company believes its acquisition of RepairPal will accelerate its efforts in Services by expanding its offerings in the auto services advertising vertical. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs, and involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results and the timing of certain events could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of several factors, including those discussed in the section titled Risk Factors included under Part I, Item 1A in our Annual Report. See Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 Overview 
 As one of the best known Internet brands in the United States, Yelp is a trusted local resource for consumers and a partner in success for businesses of all sizes. Consumers trust us for the more than 260 million ratings and reviews available on our platform of businesses across a broad range of categories, while businesses advertise with us to reach our large audience of purchase-oriented and generally affluent consumers. We believe our ability to provide value to both consumers and businesses not only fulfills our mission to connect consumers with great local businesses, but also positions us well in the local, digital advertising market in the United States. 
 We generate substantially all of our revenue from the sale of performance-based advertising products, which our advertising platform matches to individual consumers through auctions priced on a cost-per-click CPC basis. In the three months ended September 30, 2024, our net revenue was 360.3 million, up 4 from the three months ended September 30, 2023, and we recorded net income of 38.4 million and adjusted EBITDA of 101.4 million. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our net revenue was 1.05 billion, up 6 from the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and we recorded net income of 90.6 million and adjusted EBITDA of 256.9 million. For information on how we define and calculate adjusted EBITDA, and a reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure to net income, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, our strategic investments in product and marketing continued to drive progress on our revenue growth initiatives: 
 Deliver the best Home Services experience for consumers and service professionals . Advertising revenue from Services businesses increased by 11 year over year to reach 66 of total advertising revenue in the third quarter. The Home Services category remained particularly strong, with revenue growth of approximately 15 year over year. Improvements to the Request-a-Quote flow drove a year-over-year increase in project growth of approximately 25 in the third quarter. Yelp Assistant, our artificial intelligence AI chatbot that we launched on iOS in the second quarter, also contributed to increases in project submissions and monetized leads. 
 Provide the most trusted local search and discovery platform . In the third quarter, we continued to invest in the consumer experience with the goal of driving more connections with businesses. We introduced trending topics and suggestions to make our search experience even more efficient, which ultimately resulted in users viewing more business pages per interaction with our platform. We also enhanced the user-generated videos in the home feed to create an even more visually engaging and useful experience for consumers, which led to a mid-teens-percentage increase in engagement compared to before the change took effect. 
 Optimize advertiser value through our advanced technology . In the third quarter, improved matching and our acquisition of Services projects through paid search drove a 2 year-over-year increase in ad clicks. Average CPC increased by 3 from the third quarter of 2023, largely reflecting a mix shift towards Services clicks, which generally have higher CPCs than clicks in Restaurants, Retail Other RR O categories. Enhancements to our ad formats and matching capabilities led to a year-over-year improvement in our retention rate for non-term advertisers budgets in the third quarter. 
 Drive profitable growth through our most efficient channels . Improvements to the claim and ad purchase flows, together with effective advertiser marketing, drove near-record customer acquisition in our Self-serve channel in the third quarter. We also continued to enhance the business owner experience, including by providing budget recommendations and billing optimizations. As a result of these efforts, revenue from our Self-serve channel increased by approximately 15 year over year in the third quarter to a record level. Multi-location revenue was approximately flat year over year in the third quarter as businesses in RR O categories continued to face a challenging operating environment. To capture more demand from multi-location Services businesses, we have increased our product focus and sales efforts in this area. For example, in the third quarter, we launched Request-a-Quote for national brands and a new leads API that enables multi-location Services businesses to more efficiently connect with consumers on Yelp and seamlessly manage leads across multiple locations and business pages. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 In the third quarter, Services revenue maintained double-digit year-over-year growth, while RR O revenue reflected the ongoing operating challenges facing businesses in these categories. We expect these trends to persist in the remainder of 2024. Given the persistence of the operating challenges impacting RR O businesses and typical seasonality in Services, we expect net revenue to decrease sequentially in the fourth quarter. 
 On November 6, 2024, we entered into an agreement to acquire auto services repair platform RepairPal for approximately 80 million in cash. See Note 18, Subsequent Events , of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1 in this Quarterly Report for further detail. We expect any revenue or expense incurred in 2024 in connection with this acquisition to be immaterial. 
 
 Key Metrics 
 We regularly review a number of metrics, including the key metrics set forth below, to evaluate our business, measure our performance, identify trends in our business, prepare financial projections and make strategic decisions. 
 Ad Clicks and Average CPC 
 The amount of revenue we generate from our pay-for-performance advertising products is determined by the number of ad clicks we deliver to advertisers and the CPCs we charge for those ad clicks. 
 Ad clicks represent user interactions with our pay-for-performance advertising products, including clicks on advertisements on our website and mobile app, clicks on syndicated advertisements on third-party platforms and Request-a-Quote submissions, among others. Ad clicks include only user interactions that we are able to track directly, and therefore do not include user interactions with ads sold through our advertising partnerships. We do not expect the exclusion of such user interactions to materially affect this metric. We report the year-over-year percentage change in ad clicks as a measure of our success in monetizing more of our consumer activity and delivering more value to advertisers. 
 Average CPC is calculated as revenue from our performance-based ad products excluding certain revenue adjustments that do not impact the outcome of an auction for an individual ad click, such as refunds, as well as revenue from our advertising partnerships divided by the total number of ad clicks for a given period. Average CPC represents the average amount we charge advertisers for each ad click. 
 We believe that ad clicks and average CPC together reflect one of the most significant dynamics affecting our advertising revenue performance: the interplay of advertiser demand and consumer activity. At the level of an auction for an individual ad click, advertiser demand consisting of advertiser budgets and the number of advertisers competing to purchase the ad click intersects with the supply of consumer activity consisting of the predicted levels of relevant consumer traffic and engagement to determine CPC, with higher advertiser demand putting upward pressure on the CPC and higher consumer activity putting downward pressure on the CPC. In aggregate, advertiser demand consists of the number of business locations advertising with us (which we refer to as paying advertising locations, as discussed below) and the aggregate budget they allocate to purchasing our advertising products. Aggregate monetizable consumer activity depends on the levels of consumer traffic and engagement with our ads, the numbers of locations where we can display ads and other monetizable features, and our click-through rate, which is the ratio of ad clicks to the number of times the ads were displayed to consumers. The relative strengths of these factors in aggregate are reflected in average CPC. 
 Ad clicks and average CPC also provide important insight into the value we deliver to advertisers, which we believe is a significant factor in our ability to retain both revenue and customers. For example, a positive change in ad clicks for a given period combined with lower growth or a negative change in average CPC over the same period would indicate that we delivered more ad clicks at lower prices, thereby delivering more value to our advertisers; we would expect this to have a positive impact on retention. Conversely, growth in average CPC paired with a negative or lower growth rate in ad clicks would indicate we charged more without delivering more ad clicks; we would expect this to have a negative impact on retention unless we are able to increase the value we deliver through higher performing ad clicks. 
 The following table presents year-over-year changes in our ad clicks and average CPC for the periods presented (each expressed as a percentage): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Ad Clicks 2 9 6 3 Average CPC 3 4 11 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 In the three months ended September 30, 2024, advertising revenue grew 4 year over year, primarily due to increases in ad clicks and average CPC. In the nine months ended September 30, 2024, advertising revenue grew 6 year over year, primarily due to an increase in ad clicks. The increases in ad clicks in both periods were driven by improvements to our matching capabilities and our acquisition of Services projects through paid search. Average CPC increased in the three months ended September 30, 2024, largely reflecting a mix shift toward Services clicks, which generally have higher CPCs than RR O clicks. Average CPC remained flat in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Advertising Revenue by Category 
 Our advertising revenue comprises revenue from the sale of our advertising products, including the resale of our advertising products by partners and syndicated ads appearing on third-party platforms. 
 To reflect our strategic focus on creating two differentiated experiences on Yelp, we provide a breakdown of our advertising revenue attributable to businesses in two high-level category groupings: Services and RR O. Our Services categories consist of home, local, auto, professional, pets, events, real estate and financial services. Our RR O categories consist of restaurants, shopping, beauty fitness, health and other. 
 The following table presents our advertising revenue by category for the periods presented (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Services 228,009 206,178 11 654,252 589,972 11 Restaurants, Retail Other 116,397 123,854 (6) 349,130 359,175 (3) Total Advertising Revenue 344,406 330,032 4 1,003,382 949,147 6 
 Paying Advertising Locations 
 Paying advertising locations comprise all business locations associated with a business account from which we recognized advertising revenue in a given month, excluding business accounts that purchased advertising through partner programs other than Yelp Ads Certified Partners, averaged over a given period. We also provide a breakdown of paying advertising locations between our Services categories and RR O categories. 
 We provide our paying advertising locations as a measure of the reach and scale of our business; however, this metric may exhibit short-term volatility as a result of factors such as seasonality and macroeconomic conditions. For example, macroeconomic factors, including related to inflation, interest rates, and labor and supply chain issues, have had a predominant negative impact on RR O paying advertising locations in recent periods. Short-term fluctuations in paying advertising locations may also reflect the acquisition or loss of single advertising accounts associated with large numbers of locations, or the pausing/restarting of advertising campaigns by such multi-location advertisers. 
 The following table presents the number of paying advertising locations for the periods presented (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Services 252 235 7 253 237 7 Restaurants, Retail Other 272 326 (17) 275 322 (15) Total Paying Advertising Locations 524 561 (7) 528 559 (6) 
 Paying advertising locations decreased in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the prior-year periods. While paying advertising locations in our Services categories increased year over year in both the three- and nine-month periods, such increases were more than offset by decreases in paying advertising locations in our RR O categories over the same periods. We believe the decrease in RR O paying advertising locations reflects the challenging operating environment facing businesses in these categories and, to a lesser extent, competition for ad spend from such businesses, including from food ordering and delivery providers. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our results of operations for the periods presented (in thousands, except percentages). The period-to-period comparison of financial results is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be anticipated for the full year 2024 or any future period. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (1) 
 2024 2023 Change Change (1) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations Data: Net revenue by product: Advertising revenue by category: Services 228,009 206,178 21,831 11 654,252 589,972 64,280 11 Restaurants, Retail Other 116,397 123,854 (7,457) (6) 349,130 359,175 (10,045) (3) Advertising 344,406 330,032 14,374 4 1,003,382 949,147 54,235 6 Other (2) 
 15,938 15,090 848 6 46,730 45,539 1,191 3 Total net revenue 360,344 345,122 15,222 4 1,050,112 994,686 55,426 6 Costs and expenses: Cost of revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization shown separately below) 32,382 28,370 4,012 14 90,414 84,613 5,801 7 Sales and marketing 144,631 137,703 6,928 5 442,715 424,308 18,407 4 Product development 77,748 81,020 (3,272) (4) 251,055 254,247 (3,192) (1) General and administrative 49,605 45,695 3,910 9 139,471 145,609 (6,138) (4) Depreciation and amortization 9,326 10,461 (1,135) (11) 28,841 31,881 (3,040) (10) Total costs and expenses 313,692 303,249 10,443 3 952,496 940,658 11,838 1 Income from operations 46,652 41,873 4,779 11 97,616 54,028 43,588 81 Other income, net 7,231 6,154 1,077 18 25,277 17,264 8,013 46 Income before income taxes 53,883 48,027 5,856 12 122,893 71,292 51,601 72 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 15,443 (10,189) 25,632 (252) 32,263 (475) 32,738 NM (3) 
 Net income attributable to common stockholders 38,440 58,216 (19,776) (34) 90,630 71,767 18,863 26 
 (1) Percentage changes are calculated based on rounded numbers and may not recalculate exactly due to rounding. 
 (2) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, other revenue includes revenue generated from transactions with consumers, which we reported separately as transactions revenue in prior periods. Prior-period amounts have been reclassified to conform to the current-period presentation. 
 (3) Percentage change is not meaningful. 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Net Revenue 
 Advertising. We generate advertising revenue from the sale of our advertising products including business page upgrades and performance-based advertising in search results and elsewhere on our platform to businesses of all sizes, from single-location local businesses to multi-location national businesses. Advertising revenue also includes revenue generated from the resale of our advertising products by certain partners and monetization of advertising inventory through third-party ad networks. We present advertising revenue on a disaggregated basis for our high-level category groupings, Services and RR O. 
 Advertising revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 4 year over year, primarily as a result of a 2 increase in ad clicks and a 3 increase in average CPC. Advertising revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 6 year over year, primarily as a result of a 6 increase in ad clicks. 
 Other. We generate other revenue through non-advertising contracts, such as our subscription services, which include our Yelp Guest Manager product, and through our Yelp Fusion and Yelp Knowledge programs, which provide access to Yelp data for a fee. In addition, we now report transactions revenue together with other revenue to reflect that neither transactions revenue nor the underlying business is a core part of our current business model. As a result, other revenue now includes revenue from various transactions with consumers. We generate revenue from such transactions through our partnership integrations, which 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 are mainly revenue-sharing arrangements that provide consumers with the ability to place food orders for pickup and delivery through third parties directly on Yelp. We earn a fee for acting as an agent for transactions placed through these integrations, which we record on a net basis and include in revenue upon completion of a transaction. 
 Other revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the prior-year periods primarily due to increases in revenue from the continued growth of our Yelp Guest Manager, Yelp Fusion and Yelp Knowledge programs. These increases were partially offset by a lower volume of food takeout and delivery orders. 
 Trends and Uncertainties of Net Revenue. Net revenue increased in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024 as momentum in our Services categories continued. We expect net revenue for the three months ending December 31, 2024 to decrease slightly from the third quarter of 2024, reflecting typical seasonality in our Services categories and ongoing operating challenges facing businesses in our RR O categories. 
 Costs and Expenses 
 Cost of Revenue (exclusive of depreciation and amortization). Our cost of revenue consists primarily of website infrastructure expense, which includes website hosting costs and employee costs (including stock-based compensation expense) for the infrastructure teams responsible for operating our website and mobile app, and excludes depreciation and amortization expense. Cost of revenue also includes third-party advertising fulfillment costs and credit card processing fees. 
 Cost of revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the prior-year periods, primarily due to increases in website infrastructure expense of 2.8 million and 5.9 million, respectively, as a result of investments in maintaining and improving our infrastructure as well as higher cost of labor. For the nine-month period, the increase was partially offset by the decrease in advertising fulfillment costs of 1.7 million, reflecting our more efficient delivery of ads. 
 We expect cost of revenue to increase on an absolute dollar basis in 2024 compared to 2023. 
 Sales and Marketing. Our sales and marketing expenses primarily consist of employee costs (including sales commission and stock-based compensation expenses) for our sales and marketing employees. Sales and marketing expenses also include business and consumer acquisition marketing, community management, as well as allocated workplace and other supporting overhead costs. 
 Sales and marketing expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the prior-year periods, primarily due to: 
 increases in marketing spend of 5.0 million and 17.9 million, respectively, primarily driven by our investments in acquiring Services projects through paid search, which for the nine-month period was partially offset by a decrease in costs for business owner marketing; and 
 increases in employee costs of 5.0 million and 10.2 million, respectively, mainly resulting from higher cost of labor, partially offset by lower average headcount. 
 These increases were partially offset by decreases in workplace operating costs of 3.0 million and 9.7 million, respectively, primarily due to reductions in our leased office space. 
 We expect sales and marketing expenses to increase in 2024 compared to 2023 as a result of our efforts to acquire Services projects through paid search as well as due to more tenured sales and marketing employees. Despite such costs, we expect sales and marketing expenses to remain relatively consistent as a percentage of net revenue in 2024 compared to 2023. 
 Product Development. Our product development expenses primarily consist of employee costs (including bonuses and stock-based compensation expense, net of capitalized employee costs associated with capitalized website and internal-use software development) for our engineers, product management and corporate infrastructure employees. In addition, product development expenses include allocated workplace and other supporting overhead costs. 
 Product development expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased compared to the prior-year periods primarily due to: 
 decreases in employee costs of 3.0 million and 2.3 million, respectively, resulting from more employee costs being capitalized and lower average headcount, partially offset by higher cost of labor and higher costs associated with in-person employees gatherings; and 
 decreases in workplace operating costs of 0.6 million and 1.6 million, respectively, primarily due to reductions in our leased office space. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 These decreases were partially offset by increases in consulting costs of 0.4 million and 0.8 million, respectively. 
 We expect product development expenses to remain relatively consistent or decrease slightly on an absolute dollar basis in 2024 compared to 2023, but decrease as a percentage of net revenue as our distributed operations provide leverage. 
 General and Administrative. Our general and administrative expenses primarily consist of employee costs (including bonuses and stock-based compensation expense) for our executive, finance, user operations, legal, people operations and other administrative employees. Our general and administrative expenses also include our provision for doubtful accounts, certain consulting and professional services costs, including litigation settlements, as well as allocated workplace and other supporting overhead costs. 
 General and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the prior-year period primarily due to the 5.9 million impairment charge related to the subleases of certain office space in Toronto and San Francisco. See Note 8, Leases , of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1 in this Quarterly Report for further detail. 
 This increase during the three-month period was partially offset by: 
 a decrease in our provision for doubtful accounts of 0.9 million primarily due to the release of a higher amount of bad debt reserves compared to the prior-year period; and 
 a decrease in employee costs of 0.8 million primarily driven by lower average headcount. 
 General and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased compared to the prior-year period due to: 
 an 11.0 million loss contingency recorded in the prior-year periods in connection with the agreement to settle a putative class action lawsuit asserting claims under the California Invasion of Privacy Act (the CIPA Action ). See Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies , of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1 in this Quarterly Report for further detail; 
 a decrease in employee costs of 5.3 million primarily driven by lower average headcount; and 
 a decrease in workplace operating costs of 1.2 million, primarily due to reductions in our leased office space. 
 These decreases during the nine-month period were partially offset by: 
 an increase in our provision for doubtful accounts of 8.4 million due to higher anticipated customer delinquencies and an increase in advertising revenue, partially offset by the release of higher amount of bad debt reserves compared to the prior-year period; and 
 an increase of 2.4 million in impairment charges related to the subleases of certain office space in Toronto and San Francisco in the current year, partially offset by the impairment charge incurred in the prior-year period related to the abandonment of another office space in San Francisco. See Note 8, Leases , of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1 in this Quarterly Report for further detail. 
 We expect general and administrative expenses to decrease in 2024 compared to 2023. However, adjusting for the litigation loss contingency and impairment charges, we expect general and administrative expenses to remain relatively consistent or increase slightly on an absolute dollar basis and remain relatively consistent as a percentage of net revenue in 2024 compared to 2023. 
 Depreciation and Amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense primarily consists of depreciation on computer equipment, software, leasehold improvements, capitalized website and internal-use software development costs, and amortization of purchased intangible assets. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased compared to the prior-year periods primarily due to decreases in depreciation expense of leasehold improvements from asset retirements related to lease abandonments and expirations as well as certain other assets becoming fully depreciated. 
 Other Income, Net 
 Other income, net consists primarily of the interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, research and development tax credits, the portion of our sublease income in excess of our lease cost, accretion of discounts and amortization of premiums on investments, credit facility fees, foreign exchange gains and losses and, in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the release of a reserve related to a one-time payroll tax credit. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Other income, net for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the prior-year periods, due to higher tax incentives of 0.7 million and 2.4 million, respectively, related to research and development activity in the United Kingdom. For the nine-month period, the increase was also driven by the release of a 3.1 million reserve related to a one-time payroll tax credit and 2.8 million of higher interest income earned on our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities due to higher federal interest rates. 
 Provision for (Benefit from) Income Taxes 
 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes consists of: federal and state income taxes in the United States and income taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions; deferred income taxes reflecting the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 
 Provision for income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased from the prior-year periods primarily due to increases in profit before tax and annual effective tax rate for the current-year periods as well as a decrease in the discrete tax benefits related to the federal and state tax provision to return adjustments. 
 As of December 31, 2023, we had approximately 119.4 million in net deferred tax assets DTAs ). As of September 30, 2024, we consider it more likely than not that we will have sufficient taxable income in the future that will allow us to realize these DTAs. However, it is possible that some or all of these DTAs will not be realized. Therefore, unless we are able to generate sufficient taxable income from our operations, a substantial valuation allowance may be required to reduce our DTAs, which would materially increase our expenses in the period in which we recognize the allowance and have a materially adverse impact on our condensed consolidated financial statements. The exact timing and amount of the valuation allowance recognition are subject to change on the basis of the net income that we are able to actually achieve. We will continue to evaluate the possible recognition of a valuation allowance on a quarterly basis. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). However, we have also disclosed below adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin and free cash flow, each of which is a non-GAAP financial measure. 
 Adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow have limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as substitutes for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. In particular, adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow should not be viewed as substitutes for, or superior to, net income (loss) or net cash provided by (used in) operating activities prepared in accordance with GAAP as measures of profitability or liquidity. Some of these limitations are: 
 although depreciation and amortization are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized may have to be replaced in the future, and adjusted EBITDA does not reflect all cash capital expenditure requirements for such replacements or for new capital expenditure requirements; 
 adjusted EBITDA does not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 adjusted EBITDA does not reflect the impact of the recording or release of valuation allowances or tax payments that may represent a reduction in cash available to us; 
 adjusted EBITDA does not consider the potentially dilutive impact of equity-based compensation; 
 adjusted EBITDA does not take into account certain income and expense items, such as material litigation settlements, impairment charges and fees related to shareholder activism, or other costs that management determines are not indicative of ongoing operating performance; 
 free cash flow does not represent the total residual cash flow available for discretionary purposes because it does not reflect our contractual commitments or obligations; and 
 other companies, including those in our industry, may calculate adjusted EBITDA and free cash flow differently, which reduces their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 Because of these limitations, you should consider adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin and free cash flow alongside other financial performance measures, including net income (loss), net cash provided by (used in) operating activities and our other GAAP results. 
 Adjusted EBITDA . Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that we calculate as net income (loss), adjusted to exclude: provision for (benefit from) income taxes; other income, net; depreciation and amortization; stock-based compensation expense; and, in certain periods, certain other income and expense items, such as material litigation settlements, impairment 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 charges and fees related to shareholder activism, and other items that we deem not to be indicative of our ongoing operating performance. 
 Adjusted EBITDA margin . Adjusted EBITDA margin is a non-GAAP financial measure that we calculate as adjusted EBITDA divided by net revenue. 
 The following is a reconciliation of net income to adjusted EBITDA, as well as the calculation of net income margin and adjusted EBITDA margin, for the periods presented (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Reconciliation of Net Income to Adjusted EBITDA: Net income 38,440 58,216 90,630 71,767 Provision for (benefit from) income taxes 15,443 (10,189) 32,263 (475) Other income, net (1) 
 (7,231) (6,154) (25,277) (17,264) Depreciation and amortization 9,326 10,461 28,841 31,881 Stock-based compensation 39,472 43,467 123,396 133,304 Litigation settlement (2)(3) 
 11,000 Asset impairment (2) 
 5,914 5,914 3,555 Fees related to shareholder activism (2) 
 671 1,168 671 Adjusted EBITDA 101,364 96,472 256,935 234,439 Net revenue 360,344 345,122 1,050,112 994,686 Net income margin 11 17 9 7 Adjusted EBITDA margin 28 28 24 24 
 (1) Includes the release of a 3.1 million reserve related to a one-time payroll tax credit in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Recorded within general and administrative expenses on our condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 (3) Represents the loss contingency recorded in connection with the agreement to settle the CIPA Action. Note that this amount does not include any legal fee reimbursements that we had expected to receive related to this matter; we do not adjust for legal fees and related reimbursements, which we consider to be part of our ongoing operations. See Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies, of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1 in this Quarterly Report for additional information. 
 Free Cash Flow . Free cash flow is a non-GAAP financial measure that we calculate as net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, less cash used for purchases of property, equipment and software. 
 The following is a reconciliation of net cash provided by operating activities to free cash flow for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Reconciliation of Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities to Free Cash Flow: Net cash provided by operating activities 214,842 227,110 Purchases of property, equipment and software (26,337) (20,850) Free cash flow 188,505 206,260 Net cash used in investing activities (34,440) (46,465) Net cash used in financing activities (233,007) (183,232) 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are our cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities and cash generated from operations. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 261.6 million and marketable securities of 135.4 million. Cash and cash equivalents consist of cash, money market funds and investments with original maturities of three months or less. Our cash held internationally as of September 30, 2024 was 37.1 million. As of September 30, 2024, we also had 10.0 million of investments in certificates of deposit with minority-owned financial institutions. 
 Our investment portfolio comprises highly rated marketable securities that are classified as available-for-sale on our condensed consolidated balance sheets, and our investment policy limits the amount of credit exposure to any one issuer. The policy generally requires securities to be investment grade (i.e., rated A or higher by bond rating firms) with the objective of minimizing the potential risk of principal loss. 
 On April 28, 2023, we entered into a Revolving Credit and Guaranty Agreement with the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent and collateral agent, which provides for a five-year 125.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility (the 2023 credit facility ). The 2023 credit facility replaced our previous 75.0 million revolving credit facility entered into on May 5, 2020 with Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., which terminated concurrently with the establishment of the 2023 credit facility. The 2023 credit facility includes a 25.0 million letter of credit sub-limit, a 25.0 million bilateral letter of credit facility and an accordion option, which, if exercised, would allow us to increase the aggregate commitments by up to 250.0 million, plus additional amounts if we are able to satisfy a leverage test, subject to certain conditions. The 2023 credit facility provides us with the ability to access backup liquidity to fund working capital and for other capital requirements, as needed. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all covenants and there were no loans outstanding under the 2023 credit facility. We had 14.0 million of letters of credit under the sub-limit primarily related to lease agreements for certain office locations, which are required to be maintained and issued to the landlords of each facility, and 111.0 million remained available under the 2023 credit facility as of September 30, 2024. 
 For additional details regarding the 2023 credit facility, see Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies, of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1 in this Quarterly Report. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Our future capital requirements and the adequacy of available funds will depend on many factors, including those set forth under Risk Factors included under Part I, Item 1A in our Annual Report. We believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, together with any cash generated from operations, will be sufficient to meet our material cash requirements in the next 12 months and beyond, including: working capital requirements; our anticipated repurchases of common stock pursuant to our stock repurchase program; payment of taxes related to the net share settlement of equity awards; payment of lease costs related to our operating leases; the potential payment of a higher amount of income taxes in 2024 and beyond due to, among other things, the requirement to capitalize and amortize certain research and development expenses under the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act; purchases of property, equipment and software and website hosting services; and payment of cash consideration related to our planned acquisition of RepairPal. However, this estimate is based on a number of assumptions that may prove to be materially different and we could fully utilize our available cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities earlier than presently anticipated. We are not able to reasonably estimate the timing of future cash flows related to 41.6 million o f uncertain tax positions. We may be required to draw down funds from our revolving credit facility or seek additional funds through equity or debt financings to respond to business challenges associated with the uncertain macroeconomic environment or other challenges, including the need to develop new features and products or enhance existing services, improve our operating infrastructure or acquire complementary businesses and technologies. 
 We lease office facilities under operating lease agreements that expire from 2024 to 2031. Our cash requirements related to these lease agreements are 58.2 million, of which 29.9 million is expected to be paid within the next 12 months. The total lease obligations are partially offset by our future minimum rental receipts to be received under non-cancelable subleases of 22.7 million. See Note 8, Leases , of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included under Part I, Item 1 in this Quarterly Report for further detail on our operating lease obligations. 
 Our cash requirements related to purchase obligations consisting of non-cancelable agreements to purchase goods and services required in the ordinary course of business primarily website hosting services are approximately 187.0 million, of which approximately 55.6 million is expected to be paid within the next 12 months. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 The cost of capital associated with any additional funds sought in the future might be adversely impacted by the effects of macroeconomic conditions on our business. Additionally, amounts deposited with third-party financial institutions exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation and Securities Investor Protection Corporation insurance limits, as applicable. These cash and cash equivalents could be impacted if the underlying financial institutions fail or are subjected to other adverse conditions in the financial markets. To date, we have experienced no loss or lack of access to our cash and cash equivalents; however, we can provide no assurances that access to our invested cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities will not be impacted by adverse conditions in the financial markets. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 214,842 227,110 Net cash used in investing activities (34,440) (46,465) Net cash used in financing activities (233,007) (183,232) 
 Operating Activities. Net cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 12.3 million compared to the prior-year period, primarily due to an increase of 26.9 million in income taxes paid, higher employee-related payments of 17.4 million for salaries, commissions, bonuses and benefits, mainly due to higher cost of labor as well as a shift towards a compensation mix that emphasizes cash over equity, and the payment of 15.0 million to settle the CIPA Action in the current-year period. The higher cash outflow was also driven by higher operating expenses, including an increase of 12.9 million in payments to vendors, as well as other increases that are not individually significant. These cash outflows were partially offset by an increase of 68.6 million in cash collected from customers primarily due to the increase in revenue. 
 Investing Activities . Net cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased compared to the prior-year period primarily due to a decrease in net purchases of marketable securities, partially offset by an increase in capitalized website and internal-use software development costs. 
 Financing Activities. Net cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased compared to the prior-year period primarily due to an increase in repurchases of our common stock and a decrease in proceeds from stock option exercises. 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 Since its initial authorization in July 2017, our board of directors has authorized us to repurchase up to an aggregate of 1.95 billion of our outstanding common stock, 367.2 million of which remained available as of November 1, 2024. 
 We may repurchase shares at our discretion in the open market, privately negotiated transactions, in transactions structured through investment banking institutions or a combination of the foregoing. The program is not subject to any time limit and may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time. The amount and timing of repurchases are subject to a variety of factors, including liquidity, cash flow and market conditions. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased on the open market 4,979,329 shares for an aggregate purchase price of 188.4 million. 
 We have funded all repurchases to date and currently expect to fund any future repurchases with cash and cash equivalents available on our condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses and related disclosures. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our estimates and assumptions are based on historical experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Our actual results could differ from those estimates. Due to macroeconomic conditions and other factors, certain estimates and assumptions have required and may continue to require increased judgment and carry a higher degree of variability and volatility. As events continue to evolve and additional information becomes available, these estimates may materially change in future periods. 
 We believe that the assumptions and estimates associated with revenue recognition, website and internal-use software development costs and income taxes have the greatest potential impact on our consolidated financial statements. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from those disclosed in our Annual Report. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We have operations both within the United States and internationally, and we are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of business. These risks primarily include interest rate, foreign exchange risks and inflation, and have not changed materially from the market risks we were exposed to in the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There was no change in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, believes that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and are effective at the reasonable assurance level. However, our management does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by the collusion of two or more people or by management override of controls. The design of any system of controls is also based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions; over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For information regarding material legal proceedings in which we are involved, see Legal Proceedings in Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies , of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in this Quarterly Report, which is incorporated herein by reference. We are also subject to legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we currently do not believe that the final outcome of any of these other matters will have a material effect on our business, financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Except as set forth below, there have been no material changes to the risks factors set forth in the section titled Risk Factors included under Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report, which describes various risks and uncertainties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and the trading price of our common stock. You should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties described in the Annual Report before making an investment decision. 
 
 If we fail to generate, maintain and recommend sufficient content from our users that consumers find relevant, helpful and reliable, our traffic and revenue will be negatively affected. 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract consumer traffic with valuable content, which in turn depends on the quantity and quality of the content provided by our users, as well as consumer perceptions of the relevance, helpfulness and reliability of that content. We may be unable to provide consumers with valuable information if our users do not contribute sufficient content or if our users remove content they previously submitted. For example, users may be unwilling to contribute content as a result of concerns that they may be harassed or sued by the businesses they review, instances of which have occurred in the past and may occur again in the future. 
 Consumers also may not find the content on our platform to be valuable if they do not perceive it as relevant, helpful or reliable. For example, we do not phase out or remove dated reviews, and consumers may view older reviews as less relevant or reliable than more recent reviews. If the high concentration of reviews in our restaurants and shopping categories creates a perception that our platform is primarily limited to these categories, consumers may not believe that we can provide them with helpful information about businesses in other categories and seek that information elsewhere. 
 Our automated recommendation software is a critical part of our efforts to provide consumers with relevant, helpful and reliable content. However, although we have designed our technology to avoid recommending content that we believe to be biased, unreliable or otherwise unhelpful, we cannot guarantee that our efforts will be successful, or that each of the recommended reviews available on our platform at any given time is useful or reliable. If our automated software does not recommend helpful content or recommends unhelpful content, consumers may reduce or stop their use of our platform. 
 Even if we are successful in our efforts to generate, maintain and recommend valuable content, our ability to attract consumer traffic may nonetheless be harmed if consumers can find equivalent content through other services. From time to time, other companies copy information from our platform, or from other sources on the internet that may have obtained information from our platform, without our permission, including through website scraping, robots or other means, and publish or aggregate it with other information for their own benefit. This may make them more competitive and may decrease the likelihood that consumers will visit our platform to find the local businesses and information they seek; it may also negatively impact our ability to license content from our platform. Because web scraping is a common method for gathering data for use with AI models, the increasing prevalence of products incorporating AI has exacerbated this risk; we have discovered AI-powered products using content originally from our platform without our permission and expect we will continue to do so from time to time in the future. Though we strive to detect and prevent this third-party conduct, we may not be able to detect it in a timely manner and, even if we could, may not be able to prevent it. In some cases, particularly in the case of third parties operating outside of the United States, our available remedies may be inadequate to protect us against such conduct. 
 
 We may acquire or invest in other companies or technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. We may also be unable to realize the expected benefits and synergies of any acquisitions or investments. 
 Our success will depend, in part, on our ability to expand our product offerings and grow our business in response to changing technologies, user and advertiser demands and competitive pressures. In some circumstances, we may determine to do so through the acquisition of complementary businesses or technologies rather than through internal development. For example, on November 6, 2024, we agreed to acquire RepairPal to expand our offerings in the auto services category. Similarly, we may pursue investments in privately held companies in furtherance of our strategic objectives. We have limited experience as a 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 company in the complex processes of acquiring and investing in businesses and technologies. The pursuit of potential future acquisitions or investments may divert the attention of management and in many cases causes us to incur expenses in identifying, investigating and pursuing transactions, whether or not they are consummated. If we do not complete an announced strategic transaction, such as our pending acquisition of RepairPal, or we do not complete it within the time frame we anticipate, our business and financial results could be harmed. 
 Acquisitions that are consummated could result in dilutive issuances of equity securities or the incurrence of debt, which could adversely affect our results of operations. The incurrence of debt in particular could result in increased fixed obligations or include covenants or other restrictions that would impede our ability to manage our operations. In addition, any transactions we announce could be viewed negatively by users, businesses or investors. We may also fail to accurately forecast the financial impact of a transaction, including tax and accounting charges. 
 We have in the past and may in the future discover liabilities or deficiencies associated with the companies or assets we acquire or invest in that we did not identify in advance, which may result in significant unanticipated costs or losses. The effectiveness of our due diligence review and our ability to evaluate the results of such due diligence are dependent upon the accuracy and completeness of statements and disclosures made by the companies we acquire or their representatives, as well as the limited amount of time in which acquisitions are executed. 
 In order to realize the expected benefits and synergies of any acquisition that is consummated, we must meet a number of significant challenges that may create unforeseen operating difficulties and expenditures, including: 
 integrating operations, strategies, services, sites and technologies of an acquired company; 
 managing the post-transaction business effectively; 
 retaining and assimilating the employees of an acquired company; 
 retaining existing customers and strategic partners, and minimizing disruption to existing relationships, as a result of any integration of new personnel or departure of existing personnel; 
 difficulties in the assimilation of corporate cultures; 
 implementing and retaining uniform standards, controls, procedures, policies and information systems; and 
 addressing risks related to the business of an acquired company that may continue to impact the business following the acquisition. 
 Any inability to integrate services, sites and technologies, operations or personnel in an efficient and timely manner could harm our results of operations. Transition activities are complex and require significant time and resources, and we may not manage the process successfully, particularly if we are managing multiple transactions concurrently. Our ability to integrate complex acquisitions is unproven, particularly with respect to companies that have significant operations or that develop products with which we do not have prior experience. We expect to invest resources to support any future acquisitions, which will result in ongoing operating expenses and may divert resources and management attention from other areas of our business. We cannot assure you that these investments will be successful. Even if we are able to integrate the operations of any acquired company successfully, we may not realize the full benefits of synergies, cost savings, innovation and operational efficiencies that may be possible from the transaction, or we may not achieve these benefits within a reasonable period of time. 
 Similarly, investments in private companies are inherently risky in that such companies are typically at an early stage of development, may have no or limited revenues, may not be or may never become profitable, may not be able to secure additional funding or their technologies, services or products may not be successfully developed or introduced into the market. The success of any such investment is typically dependent on a liquidity event, such as a public offering or acquisition. If any company in which we invest decreases in value, we could lose all or part of our investment. These risks would be heightened to the extent any such investment is a minority investment in which we have limited management or operational control over the business. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table summarizes our stock repurchase activity for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands, except for price per share): 
 Period Total Number 
 of Shares Purchased (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Share (2) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Program July 1 - July 31, 2024 677 36.55 677 430,976 August 1 - August 31, 2024 36 36.64 36 429,659 September 1 - September 30, 2024 1,068 34.08 1,068 393,260 
 (1) Since the initial authorization of our Stock Repurchase Program in July 2017, our Board authorized us to repurchase up to an aggregate of 1.95 billion of our outstanding common stock, including the 500.0 million authorized in February 2024, of which 367.2 million remained available as of November 1, 2024. The actual timing and amount of repurchases depend on a variety of factors, including liquidity, cash flow and market conditions. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Stock Repurchase Program included under Part I, Item 2 in this Quarterly Report. 
 (2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases but excludes the 1 excise tax accrued on our share repurchases, net of shares issued, as a result of the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Rule 10b5-1 
 , , our , entered into a intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c). The plan provides for the sale of an aggregate of up to shares of our common stock. The plan will terminate on the earlier of or when all shares subject to the plan have been sold, subject to early termination for certain specified events set forth in the plan. 
 , , our , entered into a intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c). The plan provides for the sale of an aggregate of up to shares of our common stock. The plan will terminate on the earlier of or when all shares subject to the plan have been sold, subject to early termination for certain specified events set forth in the plan. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS . 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number 
 Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Yelp Inc., as Amended. 
 8-K 001-35444 3.1 7/8/2020 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Yelp Inc. 
 8-K 001-35444 3.1 3/15/2023 31.1 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 X 31.2 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 X 32.1 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document. X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, are not deemed filed with the SEC and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Yelp Inc. under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 YELP INC. Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ David Schwarzbach David Schwarzbach Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and Duly Authorized Signatory) 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 yelpq3-24exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Jeremy Stoppelman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Yelp Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 s Jeremy Stoppelman Jeremy Stoppelman Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 yelpq3-24exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, David Schwarzbach, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Yelp Inc. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an Annual Report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 s David Schwarzbach David Schwarzbach Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 yelpq3-24exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Jeremy Stoppelman, Chief Executive Officer of Yelp Inc. (the Company ), and David Schwarzbach, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 1. The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Quarterly Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 2. The information contained in the Quarterly Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 In Witness Whereof, the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 8th day of November, 2024. 
 s Jeremy Stoppelman s David Schwarzbach Jeremy Stoppelman David Schwarzbach Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer 
 
 This certification accompanies the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Yelp Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 yelp-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 yelp-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 yelp-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 yelp-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 yelp-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

