<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_934549_0000934549-24-000068.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13618971</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>197410</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2085877</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5022759</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3107261</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2921054</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000934549-24-000068.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112161136
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000934549-24-000068
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		105
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ACACIA RESEARCH CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000934549
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PATENT OWNERS & LESSORS [6794]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				954405754
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37721
		FILM NUMBER:		241448241

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		767 3RD AVENUE, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		332-236-8500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		767 3RD AVENUE, 6TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000934549-24-000068.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 actg-20240930.htm
 10-Q

actg-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________ to ______________ 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer identification No.) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 N/A 
 (Former name or former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Large accelerated Filer 
 Accelerated Filer 
 x 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.001 per share, as of November 7, 2024, was . 

Table of Contents 

 ACACIA RESEARCH CORPORATION 
 FORM 10-Q 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED 
 September 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 1 
 PART I. 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders' Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 45 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 64 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 64 
 PART II. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 66 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 66 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 66 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 67 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 67 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 67 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 67 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 68 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 (this Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. To the extent that statements in this Quarterly Report are not recitations of historical fact, such statements constitute forward-looking statements, which, by definition, involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such statements. These forward-looking statements are intended to qualify for the safe harbor from liability established by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Throughout this Quarterly Report, we have attempted to identify forward-looking statements by using words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, forecasts, goal, intend, may, plan, potential, predict, project, seek, should, will, or other forms of these words or similar words or expressions or the negative thereof, although not all forward-looking statements contain these terms. Forward-looking statements include statements regarding, among other things, our business, operating, development, investment and finance strategies, our relationship with Starboard Value LP, acquisition and development activities, financial results of our operating businesses, other related business activities, capital expenditures, earnings, litigation, regulatory matters, markets for our services, liquidity and capital resources and accounting matters. Forward-looking statements are subject to substantial risks and uncertainties that could cause our future business, financial condition, results of operations or performance to differ materially from our historical results or those expressed or implied in any forward-looking statement contained herein. All of our forward-looking statements include assumptions underlying or relating to such statements and are subject to numerous factors that present considerable risks and uncertainties, including, without limitation: 
 Any inability to acquire additional operating businesses and intellectual property assets; 
 Costs related to acquiring additional operating businesses and intellectual property; 
 Any inability to retain employees and management team(s) at the Company and our operating businesses or disruptions or uncertainty caused by changes to the management team(s) and employees of our operating businesses; 
 Any inability to successfully integrate businesses we acquire; 
 Any inability of our operating businesses to execute on their business strateg(ies) and adverse developments in their results of operations; 
 Facts that are not revealed in the due diligence process in connection with new acquisitions; 
 Any determination that we may be deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended; 
 Disruptions or uncertainty caused by changes to the Company s management team and board of directors; 
 Disruptions or delays caused by outsourcing services to third-party service providers; 
 Any inability of our Energy Operations Business to execute its business and hedging strategy; 
 The potential for oil and gas prices to decline or for the differential between benchmark prices of oil and the wellhead price to increase; 
 Oil or natural gas production becoming uneconomic, causing write downs or adversely affecting our Energy Operations Business' ability to borrow; 
 Inflationary pressures, supply chain disruptions or labor shortages; 
 Our Energy Operations Business ability to replace reserves and efficiently develop current reserves; 
 Risks, operational hazards, unforeseen interruptions and other difficulties involved in the production of oil and natural gas; 
 The impact on our Energy Operations Business operations of seismic events; 
 Climate change legislation, rules regulating air emissions, operational safety laws and regulations and any regulatory changes; 
 Changes in legislation, regulations, and rules associated with patent and tax law; 
 Cybersecurity incidents, including cyberattacks, breaches of security and unauthorized access to or disclosure of confidential information; 
 Fluctuations in patent-related legal expenses; 
 Findings by any relevant patent office that our patents are invalid or unenforceable; 
 Our ability to retain legal counsel in connection with enforcement of our intellectual property; 
 Delays in successful prosecution, enforcement, and licensing of our patent portfolio; 
 Any inability of our operating businesses to protect their intellectual property; 
 Any inability of our operating businesses to develop new products and enhance existing products; 
 The loss of any of our operating businesses' major customers that generates a large portion of their revenue or the decrease in demand for their products; 
 Any supply chain interruption or inability to manage inventory levels of our operating businesses; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Printronix s inability to perform satisfactorily under service contracts; 
 The potential for negative impacts to our operating businesses as a result of competition, pricing, regulations, the political environment, or other economic or market related factors/conditions; 
 Non-performance by third parties of contractual or legal obligations; 
 Changes in the Company's credit ratings; and 
 Events that are outside of our control, such as political conditions and unrest in international markets, terrorist attacks, malicious human acts, hurricanes and other disasters, pandemics and other similar events. 
 We have based our forward-looking statements on management s current expectations and projections about trends affecting our business and industry and other future events. Although we do not make forward-looking statements unless we believe we have a reasonable basis for doing so, we cannot guarantee their accuracy. For additional information related to the risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements described in this Quarterly Report, refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 14, 2024 (our 2023 Annual Report ), as well as in our other public filings with the SEC. In addition, actual results may differ materially as a result of additional risks and uncertainties of which we are currently unaware or which we do not currently view as material to our business. 
 The information contained in this Quarterly Report is not a complete description of our business or the risks associated with an investment in our common stock. We urge you to carefully review and consider the various disclosures made by us in this Quarterly Report and in our other reports filed with the SEC. You should read this Quarterly Report in its entirety, together with the documents that we file as exhibits to this Quarterly Report and the documents that we incorporate by reference into this Quarterly Report, with the understanding that our future results may be materially different from what we currently expect. The forward-looking statements we make speak only as of the date on which they are made. We expressly disclaim any intent or obligation to update any forward-looking statements after the date hereof to conform such statements to actual results or to changes in our opinions or expectations, except as required by applicable law or the rules of The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. If we do update or correct any forward-looking statements, investors should not conclude that we will make additional updates or corrections. 
 We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 ACACIA RESEARCH CORPORATION 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Equity securities Equity securities without readily determinable fair value Equity method investments Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Oil and natural gas properties, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Operating lease, right-of-use assets Deferred income tax assets, net Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Accrued compensation Current asset retirement obligation Royalties and contingent legal fees payable Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Asset retirement obligation Long-term lease liabilities Revolving credit facility Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies per share; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value per share; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Treasury stock, at cost, and shares as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Acacia Research Corporation stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 ACACIA RESEARCH CORPORATION 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Intellectual property operations Industrial operations Energy operations Total revenues Costs and expenses: Cost of revenues - intellectual property operations Cost of revenues - industrial operations Cost of production - energy operations Engineering and development expenses - industrial operations Sales and marketing expenses - industrial operations General and administrative expenses Total costs and expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Other income (expense): Equity securities investments: Change in fair value of equity securities ) ) Gain (loss) on sale of equity securities ) Earnings on equity investment in joint venture Net realized and unrealized (loss) gain ) ) Non-recurring legacy legal expense ) ) Change in fair value of the Series B warrants and embedded derivatives Gain on derivatives - energy operations Gain (loss) on foreign currency exchange ) ) Interest expense on Senior Secured Notes ) ) Interest income and other, net Total other income (expense) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Net (loss) income including noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries ) ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries ) ) ) ) Net (loss) income attributable to Acacia Research Corporation ) ) ) Loss per share: Net loss attributable to common stockholders - Basic ) ) ) ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding - Basic Basic net loss per common share ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders - Diluted ) ) ) ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding - Diluted Diluted net loss per common share ) ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 ACACIA RESEARCH CORPORATION 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SERIES A REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Noncontrolling Interests in Operating Subsidiaries Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net (loss) income including noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries ) ) Compensation expense for share-based awards Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Noncontrolling Interests in Operating Subsidiaries Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income including noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries Distributions to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries ) ) Conversion of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock to common stock ) ) Exercise of Series B warrants Stock options exercised Compensation expense for share-based awards Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 ACACIA RESEARCH CORPORATION 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SERIES A REDEEMABLE CONVERTIBLE PREFERRED STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Noncontrolling Interests in Operating Subsidiaries Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Net (loss) income including noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries Change in ownership percentage in subsidiary ) Stock options exercised Issuance of common stock for vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock for unvested restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures ) Shares withheld related to net share settlement of share-based awards ) ) ) Compensation expense for share-based awards Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Noncontrolling Interests in Operating Subsidiaries Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net (loss) income including noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries ) ) Accretion of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock to redemption value ) ) Dividend on Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock ) ) Conversion of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock to common stock ) ) Exercise of Series B warrants Stock options exercised Issuance of common stock from the Rights Offering Issuance of common stock for vesting of restricted stock units Issuance of common stock for unvested restricted stock awards, net of forfeitures ) Shares withheld related to net share settlement of share-based awards ) ) ) Compensation expense for share-based awards Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 ACACIA RESEARCH CORPORATION 
 UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss including noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss including noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation, depletion and amortization Accretion of asset retirement obligation Change in fair value of Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock embedded derivatives ) Change in fair value of Series B warrants ) Gain on exercise of Series B warrants ) Compensation expense for share-based awards Loss (gain) on foreign currency exchange ) Change in fair value of equity securities ) (Gain) loss on sale of equity securities ) Earnings on equity investment in joint venture ) Unrealized gain on derivatives ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Royalties and contingent legal fees payable ) Deferred revenue ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Patent acquisition ) Purchases of equity securities ) ) Sales of equity securities Distributions received from equity investment in joint venture Net purchases of property and equipment and additions to oil and gas properties ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchase of common stock ) Paydown of Senior Secured Notes ) Contributions from noncontrolling interest Borrowings on the Revolving credit facility Paydown of Revolving Credit Facility ) Dividend on Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock ) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of share-based awards ) ) Proceeds from Rights Offering Proceeds from exercise of Series B warrants Proceeds from exercise of stock options Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning Cash and cash equivalents, ending Supplemental schedule of cash flow information: Interest paid Income taxes paid Noncash investing and financing activities: Distribution to noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 ACACIA RESEARCH CORPORATION 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 1. 
 billion range and particularly on businesses valued at billion or less. We are, however, opportunistic, and may pursue acquisitions that are larger under the right circumstance. 
 Relationship with Starboard Value, LP 
 Our strategic relationship with Starboard Value, LP (together with certain funds and accounts affiliated with, or managed by, Starboard Value LP, Starboard ), the Company's controlling shareholder, provides us access to industry expertise, and operating partners and industry experts to evaluate potential acquisition opportunities and enhance the oversight and value creation of such businesses once acquired. Starboard has provided, and we expect will continue to provide, ready access to its extensive network of industry executives and, as part of our relationship, Starboard has assisted, and we expect will continue to assist, with sourcing and evaluating appropriate acquisition opportunities. We have also entered into the Services Agreement (as defined below) with Starboard where Starboard has agreed to provide certain trade execution, research, due diligence, and other services on an expense reimbursement basis. Starboard beneficially owned shares of common stock as of September 30, 2024, representing approximately 61.8 of the common stock based on shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of such date. Refer to Note 10 for additional information. 
 Intellectual Property Operations Patent Licensing, Enforcement and Technologies Business 
 The Company through its Patent Licensing, Enforcement and Technologies Business invests in intellectual property and related absolute return assets and engages in the licensing and enforcement of patented technologies. Through our Patent Licensing, Enforcement and Technologies Business, operated under our wholly owned subsidiary, Acacia Research Group, LLC, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, ARG ), we are a principal in the licensing and enforcement of patent portfolios, with our operating subsidiaries obtaining the rights in the patent portfolio or purchasing the patent portfolio outright. While we, from time to time, partner with inventors and patent owners, from small entities to large corporations, we assume all responsibility for advancing operational expenses while pursuing a patent licensing and enforcement program, and when applicable, share net licensing revenue with our patent partners as that program matures, on a pre-arranged and negotiated basis. We may also provide upfront capital to patent owners as an advance against future licensing revenue. 
 Currently, on a consolidated basis, our operating subsidiaries own or control the rights to multiple patent portfolios, which include U.S. patents and certain foreign counterparts, covering technologies used in a variety of industries. ARG generates revenues and related cash flows from the granting of IP rights for the use of patented technologies that its operating subsidiaries control or own. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 obtain control of any new patent portfolios. 
 Industrial Operations 
 Our Industrial Operations Business consists of Printronix, a leading manufacturer and distributor of industrial impact printers, also known as line matrix printers, and related consumables and services. The Printronix business serves a diverse group of customers that operate across healthcare, food and beverage, manufacturing and logistics, and other sectors. This mature technology is known for its ability to operate in hazardous environments. Printronix has a manufacturing site located in Malaysia and third-party configuration sites located in the United States, Singapore and Holland, along with sales and support locations around the world to support its global network of users, channel partners and strategic alliances. We support existing management in its initiative to reduce costs and operate more efficiently and in its execution of strategic partnerships to generate growth. 
 Energy Operations Acquisition 
 On November 13, 2023, we invested million to acquire a equity interest in Benchmark Energy II, LLC Benchmark ). Headquartered in Austin, Texas, Benchmark is an independent oil and gas company engaged in the acquisition, production and development of oil and gas assets in mature resource plays in Texas and Oklahoma. Benchmark is run by an experienced management team led by Chief Executive Officer Kirk Goehring, who previously served as Chief Operating Officer of both Benchmark and Jones Energy, Inc. Prior to the Transaction (as defined below), Benchmark s assets consisted of over 13,000 net acres primarily located in Roberts and Hemphill Counties in Texas, and an interest in over 125 wells, the majority of which are operated. Benchmark seeks to acquire predictable and shallow decline, cash-flowing oil and gas properties whose value can be enhanced via a disciplined, field optimization strategy, with risk managed through robust commodity hedges and low leverage. Through its investment in Benchmark, the Company, along with the Benchmark management team, will evaluate future growth and acquisitions of oil and gas assets at attractive valuations. The Company's consolidated financial statements include Benchmark's consolidated operations from November 13, 2023 through September 30, 2024. 
 On April 17, 2024, Benchmark consummated the previously announced transaction contemplated in the Purchase and Sale Agreement (the Revolution Purchase Agreement ), dated February 16, 2024, by and among Benchmark and Revolution Resources II, LLC, Revolution II NPI Holding Company, LLC, Jones Energy, LLC, Nosley Assets, LLC, Nosley Acquisition, LLC, and Nosley Midstream, LLC (collectively, Revolution ). 
 Pursuant to the Revolution Purchase Agreement, Benchmark acquired certain upstream assets and related facilities in Texas and Oklahoma, including approximately net acres and an interest in approximately operated producing wells (such purchase and sale, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Revolution Purchase Agreement, the Revolution Transaction for a purchase price of million in cash (the Revolution Purchase Price ), subject to customary post-closing adjustments. The Company s contribution to Benchmark to fund its portion of the Revolution Purchase Price and related fees was million, which was funded from cash on hand. The remainder of the Revolution Purchase Price was funded by a combination of borrowings under the Revolution Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) and a cash contribution of million from other investors in Benchmark, including McArron Partners. Following closing, the Company s interest in Benchmark is approximately . The Revolution Transaction has been accounted for as an asset acquisition in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 805-50, "Business Combinations." Refer to Note 2 for additional information regarding the Revolution Revolving Credit Facility. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 million, subject to certain working capital, debt and other customary adjustments set forth in the Stock Purchase Agreement (the Deflecto Purchase Price ). The Deflecto Purchase Price was funded with a combination of borrowings of a million secured term loan (the Deflecto Term Loan and cash on hand. A portion of the Deflecto Purchase Price is being held in escrow to indemnify Deflecto Purchaser against certain claims, losses and liabilities. 
 
 2. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 11 

Table of Contents 

 Recurring License Revenue Agreements Total 
 Industrial Operations 
 Printronix recognizes revenue to depict the transfer of goods or services to a customer at an amount that reflects the consideration which it expects to receive for providing those goods or services. To determine the transaction price, Printronix estimates the amount of consideration to which it expects to be entitled in exchange for transferring promised goods or services to a customer. Elements of variable consideration are estimated at the time of sale which primarily include product rights of return, rebates, price protection and other incentives that occur under established sales programs. These estimates are developed using the expected value or the most likely amount method and are reviewed and updated, as necessary, at each reporting period. Revenues, inclusive of variable consideration, are recognized to the extent it is probable that a significant reversal recognized will not occur in future periods. The provision for returns and sales allowances is determined by an analysis of the historical rate of returns and sales allowances over recent quarters, and adjusted to reflect management s future expectations. 
 Printronix enters into contract arrangements that may include various combinations of tangible products (which include printers, consumables and parts) and services, which are generally capable of being distinct and accounted for as separate performance obligations. Printronix evaluates whether two or more contracts should be combined and accounted for as a single contract and whether the combined or single contract has more than one performance obligation. This evaluation requires judgement, and the decision to combine a group of contracts or separate the combined or single contract into multiple distinct performance obligations may impact the amount of revenue recorded in a reporting period. Printronix deems performance obligations to be distinct if the customer can benefit from the product or service on its own or together with readily available resources (i.e. capable of being distinct) and if the transfer of products or services is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract (i.e. distinct within the context of the contract). 
 For contract arrangements that include multiple performance obligations, Printronix allocates the total transaction price to each performance obligation in an amount based on the estimated relative standalone selling prices for each performance obligation. In general, standalone selling prices are observable for tangible products and standard software while standalone selling prices for repair and maintenance services are developed with an expected cost-plus margin or residual approach. Regional pricing, marketing strategies and business practices are evaluated to derive the estimated standalone selling price using a cost-plus margin methodology. 
 Printronix recognizes revenue for each performance obligation upon transfer of control of the promised goods or services. Control is deemed to have been transferred when the customer has the ability to direct the use of and has obtained substantially all of the remaining benefits from the goods and services. The determination of whether control transfers at a point in time or over time requires judgment and includes consideration of the following: (i) the customer simultaneously receives and consumes the benefits provided as Printronix performs its promises, (ii) the performance creates or enhances an asset that is under control of the customer, (iii) the performance does not create an asset with an alternative use to Printronix, and (iv) Printronix has an enforceable right to payment for its performance completed to date. 
 Revenues for products are generally recognized upon shipment, whereas revenues for services are generally recognized over time, assuming all other criteria for revenue recognition have been met. As a practical expedient, incremental costs of obtaining a contract are expensed as incurred when the expected amortization period is one year or less. Service revenue 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Services Total 
 Refer to Note 17 for additional information regarding net sales to customers by geographic region. 
 Deferred revenue in the consolidated balance sheets represents a contract liability under ASC 606 and consists of payments and billings in advance of the performance. Printronix recognized approximately and in revenue that was previously included in the beginning balance of deferred revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Printronix recognized approximately million in revenue that was previously included in the beginning balance of deferred revenue during each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Printronix's payment terms vary by the type and location of its customers and the products, solutions or services offered. The time between invoicing and when payment is due is not significant. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, Printronix has determined that its contracts do not include a significant financing component. 
 Printronix's remaining performance obligations, following the transfer of products to customers, primarily relate to repair and support services. The aggregated transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations for arrangements with an original term exceeding one year included in deferred revenue was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Printronix adopted the practical expedient not to disclose the value of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original expected length of one year or less. On average, remaining performance obligations as of September 30, 2024 are expected to be recognized over a period of approximately . 
 Energy Operations 
 Benchmark recognizes revenues from sales of oil and natural gas products upon transfer of control of the product to the customer. Benchmark's contracts' pricing provisions are tied to a market index, with certain adjustments based on, among other factors, whether a well delivers to a gathering or transmission line, quality of the oil and natural gas products and prevailing supply and demand conditions. As a result, the price of the oil and natural gas fluctuates to remain competitive with other available oil and natural gas supplies. To the extent actual volumes and prices of oil and natural gas products are unavailable at the time of reporting, Benchmark will estimate the amounts. Benchmark records the differences between such estimates and actual amounts of oil and natural gas sales in the following month upon receipt of payment from the customer and any differences have historically been insignificant. 
 Benchmark sells oil production to customers at the wellhead or other contractually agreed upon delivery locations. Revenue is recognized when control transfers to the customer upon delivery to the contractually agreed delivery point, at 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Natural gas sales Natural gas liquids sales Other service sales Total 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively. 
 Energy Operations 
 Benchmark's oil and gas accounts receivable consist of crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids sales proceeds receivable from purchasers. Accounts receivable joint interest owners consist of amounts due from joint interest partners for operating costs. Benchmark's accounts receivable are recorded at the invoiced amount and do not bear interest. An allowance for credit losses may be established to reflect management's best estimate of probable losses inherent in the accounts receivable balance, and is reflected as a contra-asset account on the balance sheets and a charge to general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations for the applicable period. The allowance is determined by evaluating individual customer receivables based on known troubled accounts, historical experience, and other currently available evidence. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Benchmark's allowance for credit losses was and , respectively. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

. Refer to Note 7 for additional information. 
 Printronix's intangible assets consist of trade names and trademarks, patents and customer and distributor relationships. These definite-lived intangible assets, at the time of acquisition, are recorded at fair value and are stated net of accumulated amortization. Printronix currently amortizes the definite-lived intangible assets on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful lives of . Refer to Note 7 for additional information. 
 The Company reviews long-lived assets, patents and other intangible assets for potential impairment annually and when events or changes in circumstances indicate the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. In the event the expected undiscounted future cash flows resulting from the use of the asset is less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recorded in an amount equal to the excess of the asset s carrying value over its fair value. If an asset is determined to be impaired, the loss is measured based on quoted market prices in active markets, if available. If quoted market prices are not available, the estimate of fair value is based on various valuation techniques, including a discounted value of estimated future cash flows. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Refer to Note 7 for additional information. 
 million and million maximum borrowing capacity. The Original Benchmark Revolver was set to mature on September 16, 2025. The availability under the Original Benchmark Credit Agreement was subject to the borrowing base, which was redetermined on April 1 and October 1 of each year. During 2023, the borrowing base was reduced to million and payment was made, which further reduced the borrowing base to million. The Original Benchmark Revolver was paid in full during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 the outstanding balance on the Original Benchmark Revolver was zero and million, respectively. Additionally, Benchmark initially borrowed million under a related term loan, which was paid in full during 2023. Benchmark s outstanding balance on that term loan was as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Loan Agreement 
 On April 17, 2024 (the "Revolution Closing Date"), in connection with the Transaction, BE Anadarko II, LLC, a subsidiary of Benchmark, entered into a Loan Agreement (the "Benchmark Loan Agreement") with Frost Bank, as Administrative Agent and LC Issuer ("Frost Bank") and the lenders from time to time party thereto (the "Benchmark Lenders"), governing a new revolving credit facility (the "Benchmark Revolving Credit Facility"), with a maximum aggregate credit amount of million, of which approximately million was available at the Revolution Closing Date, that Benchmark may draw upon from time to time subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Benchmark Loan Agreement. The Benchmark Revolving Credit Facility will mature April 17, 2027 and includes a letter of credit subfacility. On the Closing Date, million, including related to letters of credit, was drawn under the Benchmark Revolving Credit Facility. Benchmark pledged substantially all of its oil and gas properties and other assets as collateral to secure amounts outstanding under the Benchmark Loan Agreement. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Benchmark made payment of 12.0 million under the Benchmark Revolving Credit Facility reducing the borrowing base. As of September 30, 2024 the outstanding balance on the Benchmark Revolving Credit Facility was million. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 to . The applicable margin is determined based on a monthly utilization percentage, and the availability is determined by reference to a borrowing base calculation. As of September 30, 2024, the interest rate associated with the outstanding balance on the Benchmark Revolving Credit Facility was . Unused commitments under the Benchmark Revolving Credit Facility are subject to a commitment fee payable on a quarterly basis. 
 The Benchmark Loan Agreement contains customary covenants with respect to BE Anadarko and its subsidiaries, including, among others, limitations on indebtedness, liens, mergers, issuances of disqualified capital stock, dispositions, payment of dividends, investments and new businesses, amendments of organizational documents and other material contracts, hedging contracts, sale and lease back transactions and transactions with affiliates. In addition, the Benchmark Loan Agreement contains covenants that require BE Anadarko to maintain certain financial ratios related to its consolidated current assets and leverage. The Benchmark Loan Agreement also contains certain events of default, including, among others, nonpayment, inaccuracy of representations and warranties, violation of covenants, cross-default to other indebtedness, bankruptcy, material judgments, or a change of control. Upon the occurrence of an event of default, the Benchmark Lenders may terminate the commitments under the Benchmark Loan Agreement and declare all loans due and payable. 
 Refer to Note 14 for additional information. 
 . Compensation cost for an award with a performance condition shall be based on the probable outcome of that performance condition. Compensation cost shall be accrued if it is probable that the performance condition will be achieved and shall not be accrued if it is not probable that the performance condition will be achieved. The fair value of restricted stock awards RSAs ), restricted stock units RSUs and performance based stock awards PSUs are determined by the product of the number of shares or units granted and the grant date market price of the underlying common stock. The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes option-pricing model. Forfeitures are accounted for as they occur. Refer to Note 15 for additional information. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 and ) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company's effective tax rates were ) and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our 2024 effective tax rate in each period differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to foreign withholding taxes which we could not recognize as a foreign tax credit and non-deductible items. Our 2023 effective tax rate in the period was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to expiration of foreign tax credits, changes in valuation allowance, as well as non-deductible items. The effective tax rate may be subject to fluctuations during the year as new information is obtained which may affect the assumptions used to estimate the effective tax rate, including factors such as expected utilization of net operating loss carryforwards, changes in or the interpretation of tax laws in jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, the Company s expansion into new states or foreign countries, and the amount of valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. The Company has recorded a partial valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. These assets primarily consist of foreign tax credits and state net operating loss carryforwards. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had total unrecognized tax benefits of approximately . At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, of unrecognized tax benefits were recorded in other long-term liabilities. No interest and penalties have been recorded for the unrecognized tax benefits for the periods presented. At September 30, 2024, if recognized, of tax benefits would impact the Company s effective tax rate subject to valuation allowance. The Company does not expect that the liability for unrecognized benefits will change significantly within the next 12 months. Acacia recognizes interest and penalties with respect to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense (benefit). Acacia has identified no uncertain tax position for which it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within 12 months. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 ) Total ) December 31, 2023: Equity securities - Life Sciences Portfolio ) Equity securities - other common stock ) Total ) 
 Equity Securities Portfolio Investment 
 On April 3, 2020, the Company entered into an Option Agreement with LF Equity Income Fund, which included general terms through which the Company was provided the option to purchase a portfolio of investments in 18 public and private life sciences companies (the "Life Sciences Portfolio") for an aggregate purchase price of million, approximately million at the exchange rate on April 3, 2020. 
 For accounting purposes, the total purchase price of the Life Sciences Portfolio was allocated to the individual equity securities based on their individual fair values as of April 3, 2020, in order to establish an appropriate cost basis for each of the acquired securities. The fair values of the public company securities were based on their quoted market price. The fair values of the private company securities were estimated based on recent financing transactions and secondary market transactions and factoring in a discount for the illiquidity of these securities. Included in our consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the total fair value of the remaining Life Sciences Portfolio investment was million and million, respectively. 
 As part of the Company s acquisition of equity securities in the Life Sciences Portfolio, the Company acquired an equity interest in Arix Bioscience PLC Arix ), a public company listed on the London Stock Exchange. On November 1, 2023, the Company, through a wholly owned subsidiary, entered into an agreement (the Arix Shares Purchase Agreement with RTW Biotech Opportunities Ltd. RTW Bio to sell its shares of Arix to RTW Bio for a purchase price of million in aggregate (representing 1.43 per share at an exchange rate of 1.2087 USD/GBP). On January 19, 2024, the Company completed such sale for million. Following the completion of the share sale, the Company no longer owns any shares of Arix. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 ) Gain on sale of equity securities of public companies Net realized and unrealized gain 
 As part of the Company s acquisition of equity securities in the Life Sciences Portfolio, the Company acquired a majority interest in the equity securities of MalinJ1 ), which were transferred to the Company on December 3, 2020. The acquisition of the MalinJ1 securities was accounted for as an asset acquisition as there was a change of control of MalinJ1 and substantially all of the fair value of the assets acquired was concentrated in a single identifiable asset, an investment in Viamet Pharmaceuticals Holdings, LLC Viamet ). As such, the cost basis of the MalinJ1 securities was used to allocate to the Viamet investment, the single identifiable asset, and no goodwill was recognized. The Company through its consolidation of MalinJ1 accounts for the Viamet investment under the equity method as MalinJ1 owns of outstanding shares of Viamet. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, this investment did not meet the significance thresholds for additional summarized income statement disclosures, as defined by the SEC. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , our consolidated earnings on equity investment included in the consolidated statements of operations was and million, respectively. No distributions were received during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, MalinJ1 made distributions of million to Acacia and million to noncontrolling interests. 
 
 4. 
 Subassemblies and work in process Finished goods Inventory reserves ) ) Total inventories 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 Vehicles Furniture and fixtures Computer hardware and software Leasehold improvements Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 Total depreciation and amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our Intellectual Property Operations and parent company include depreciation and amortization in general and administrative expenses. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our Industrial Operations allocated depreciation and amortization, totaling and , respectively, to all applicable operating expense categories, including cost of sales of and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our Industrial Operations allocated depreciation and amortization, totaling and , respectively, to all applicable operating expense categories, including cost of sales of and , respectively. 
 
 6. 
 Unproved oil and gas properties Accumulated depletion and depreciation ) ) Oil and natural gas properties, net 
 Total depletion and depreciation expense in the consolidated statements of operations was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Our Energy Operations includes depletion and depreciation in cost of production. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 Acquisition of business Impairment losses Ending balance 
 December 31, 2023 Industrial Operations Energy Operations Total (In thousands) Beginning balance Acquisition of business Impairment losses Ending balance 
 The ending balance of goodwill includes no accumulated impairment losses to date. Refer to Note 1 for additional information related to the Printronix and Benchmark acquisitions. 
 years ) Industrial operations years ) Total patents ) Customer relationships - industrial operations years ) Trade name and trademarks - industrial operations years ) Total ) 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 years ) Industrial operations years ) Total patents ) Customer relationships - industrial operations years ) Trade name and trademarks - industrial operations years ) Total ) 
 Total other intangible asset amortization expense in the consolidated statements of operations was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company did record charges related to impairment of other intangible assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. There was accelerated amortization of other intangible assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Intellectual Property Operations amortization of patents is expensed in cost of revenues and Industrial Operations amortization is expensed in general and administrative expenses. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, ARG entered into an agreement granting ARG the exclusive option to acquire all rights to license and enforce a patent portfolio and all future patents and patent applications, and incurred million of certain patent and patent rights costs, which was fully paid in 2023. The patent costs are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. During the year ended December 31, 2023 and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, ARG entered into agreements to obtain preferential future returns for existing patent portfolios for million in each respective period, of which million was paid in the fourth quarter of 2023 and million was paid during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and million of certain patent and patent rights acquisition costs was accrued, respectively, and included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities (see Note 8). 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 Income taxes payable Revolving credit facility interest accrual Product warranty liability, current Service contract costs, current Short-term lease liability Accrued patent cost (see Note 7) Other accrued liabilities Total 
 
 9. 
 Liabilities acquired Accretion of discounts Ending balance Less: Current portion ) Asset retirement obligation, long-term 
 
 10. 
 shares of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock with a stated value of per share, (ii) Series A Warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company's common stock (the Series A Warrants and (iii) Series B Warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company's common stock (the Series B Warrants ). 
 On November 12, 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company (the "Board") formed a Special Committee comprised of directors not affiliated or associated with Starboard in order to explore the possibility of simplifying the Company s capital structure. Management of the Company believed that the Company s capital structure, with multiple different series of securities, made it difficult for investors to understand and value the Company and created an impediment to new public investment. 
 As a result, on October 30, 2022, and following the unanimous recommendation of the Special Committee of the Board, the Company entered into a Recapitalization Agreement with Starboard (the "Recapitalization Agreement") in order to simplify the Company s capital structure, pursuant to which, among other things, (1) effective as of November 1, 2022, Starboard exercised the Series A Warrants in full and received shares of the Company s common stock, (2) Starboard purchased shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to the Concurrent Private Rights Offering (as defined below) and the Unadjusted Series B Warrants (as defined below) were cancelled, and (3) on July 13, 2023, (a) Starboard converted shares of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of the Company s common stock (the Preferred Stock Conversion ), and (b) Starboard exercised of the Series B 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 shares of common stock, the cancellation of million aggregate principal amount of the Company s senior secured notes held by Starboard (the Senior Secured Notes and the receipt by the Company of aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million (the "Series B Warrants Exercise"). Such transactions are referred to as the "Recapitalization Transactions." As a result, Starboard beneficially owned shares of common stock as of July 13, 2023, representing approximately of the common stock based on shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of such date. Accordingly, no shares of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, no Series B Warrants, nor any Senior Secured Notes remain outstanding. 
 As applicable, the following discussion of Starboard s investments in the Company reflect the transactions effected pursuant to the Recapitalization Agreement. 
 Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock 
 Per its terms, the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock could be converted into a number of shares of common stock equal to (i) the stated value thereof plus accrued and unpaid dividends, divided by (ii) the conversion price of (subject to certain anti-dilution adjustments) and holders of the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock could elect to convert the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock into common stock at any time. 
 Further, the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock accrued cumulative dividends quarterly at an annual rate of on the stated value. Upon consummation of the Printronix acquisition in October 2021, the dividend rate increased to on the stated value. There were accrued and unpaid dividends as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Under the Recapitalization Agreement, the Company and Starboard agreed to take certain actions related to the Series A Preferred Stock in connection with the Recapitalization, including submitting a proposal for stockholder approval to remove the 4.89 blocker provision contained in the Company's Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations (the "Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations"). The Company s stockholders approved the Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Designations at the Company s annual meeting of stockholders held on May 16, 2023 which became effective on June 30, 2023. Subsequently, and in accordance with the terms of the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, as amended, and the Recapitalization Agreement, on July 13, 2023, Starboard converted an aggregate amount of shares of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock into shares of common stock, which included shares of common stock issued in respect of accrued and unpaid dividends. Following Starboard s conversion of its shares of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, the Company no longer had any shares of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding, which resulted in a fair value of . 
 The Company classified the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock as mezzanine equity as the instrument would become redeemable at the option of the holder in various scenarios or otherwise on November 15, 2027. As it was probable that the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock would become redeemable, the Company accreted the instrument to its redemption value using the effective interest method and recognized any changes against additional paid in capital in the absence of retained earnings. The Company determined that upon entering into the Recapitalization Agreement, the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock was not modified related to the redemption, as such action was subject to the receipt of stockholder approval at the Company s next annual meeting of stockholders. Accordingly, the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock continued to be classified as temporary equity and continued to be accreted to its redemption value to the earliest redemption date of November 15, 2024. Accretion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and million, respectively. 
 Series B Warrants 
 On February 25, 2020, pursuant to the terms of the Securities Purchase Agreement with Starboard, the Company issued Series B Warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price (subject to certain price-based anti-dilution adjustments) of either (i) per share, if exercising by cash payment, within 30 months from the issuance date (i.e., August 25, 2022); or (ii) per share, if exercising by cancellation of a portion of the Senior Secured Notes. The Company issued the Series B Warrants for an aggregate purchase price of million. The Series B Warrants had an expiration date of November 15, 2027. 
 In connection with the issuance of the Senior Secured Notes on June 4, 2020, the terms of certain of the Series B Warrants were amended to permit the payment of the lower exercise price of through the payment of cash, rather than only 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 of the Series B Warrants were subject to this adjustment with the remaining balance of Series B Warrants continuing under their original terms (the Series B Warrants not subject to such adjustment, the Unadjusted Series B Warrants ). 
 During the third quarter of 2022, the cash exercise feature of the Unadjusted Series B Warrants expiration date of August 25, 2022 was extended to October 28, 2022. On October 28, 2022, the cash exercise feature of the Unadjusted Series B Warrants expired, which resulted in a fair value of zero for the related warrants. In March 2023, the Unadjusted Series B Warrants were cancelled immediately following the completion of the Rights Offering (as described below). In 2023, the remaining Series B Warrants were exercised. 
 Further to the terms of the Recapitalization Agreement and in accordance with the terms of the Series B Warrants, on July 13, 2023, Starboard completed the Series B Warrants Exercise. Pursuant to the Series B Warrants Exercise, the Company effectively cancelled million aggregate principal amount of Senior Secured Notes held by Starboard and received aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million. At the closing of the Series B Warrants Exercise, the Company paid to Starboard an aggregate amount of million (the Recapitalization Payment representing a negotiated settlement of the foregone time value of the Series B Warrants and the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (which amount was paid through a reduction in the exercise price of the Series B Warrants). The Recapitalization Payment effectively modified the exercise price of the Series B Warrants. Upon the Series B Warrants Exercise, Starboard exercised the Series B Warrants at a reduced price and the Company issued an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock to Starboard in consideration of the cash payment and cancellation of any outstanding Senior Secured Notes. 
 The Series B Warrants were classified as a liability in accordance with ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , as the agreement provided for net cash settlement upon a change in control, which was outside the control of the Company. In connection with the Recapitalization Agreement and related warrant modification, the Company recognized the incremental fair value as a component of the change in fair value of the Series B Warrants in other expense as of December 31, 2022. 
 The Series B Warrants were recognized at fair value at each reporting period until exercised, which resulted in a fair value of , with changes in fair value recognized in other income or (expense) in the consolidated statements of operations. As of September 30, 2024, no Series B warrants were issued or outstanding. 
 Rights Offering and Concurrent Private Rights Offering 
 On February 14, 2023, pursuant to the requirements of the Recapitalization Agreement and in accordance with the terms of the Series B Warrants, the Company commenced a rights offering (the Rights Offering ). Under the terms of the Rights Offering, the Company distributed non-transferable subscription rights to record holders Eligible Securityholders of the Company s common stock held as of 5 p.m. Eastern time on February 13, 2023, the record date for the Rights Offering. The subscription period for the Rights Offering terminated at 5 p.m. Eastern time on March 1, 2023 (the Expiration Time ). Pursuant to the Rights Offering, Eligible Securityholders received one non-transferable subscription right (a Subscription Right for every four shares of common stock owned by such Eligible Securityholders. Each Subscription Right entitled an Eligible Securityholder to purchase, at such Eligible Securityholder s election, one share of common stock at a price of per share (the Subscription Price ). 
 Starboard received private subscription rights to purchase up to shares of common stock at the Subscription Price pursuant to a concurrent private rights offering (the Concurrent Private Rights Offering in connection with their ownership of common stock and, on an as-converted basis, the Company s Series B Warrants and shares of the Company s Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock. The private subscription rights provided to Starboard pursuant to the Concurrent Private Rights Offering were on substantially the same terms as the Subscription Rights, and were distributed substantially concurrently with the distribution of the Subscription Rights and expired at the Expiration Time. In connection with the Concurrent Private Rights Offering, Starboard purchased shares of common stock. 
 The Company determined that upon entering into the Recapitalization Agreement on October 30, 2022, the Rights Offering and Concurrent Private Rights Offering and related commitment required no recognition in the Company's financial statements. The Company recognized the proceeds received from the sale of the shares in equity when the sale occurred. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 from the Rights Offering and aggregate gross proceeds of approximately million from the Concurrent Private Rights Offering and issued an aggregate of shares of common stock. 
 The Rights Offering was made pursuant to a prospectus supplement to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (No. 333-249984), filed with the SEC on February 14, 2023. 
 Governance 
 Under the Recapitalization Agreement, the parties agreed that, among other things, for a period from the date of the Recapitalization Agreement until May 12, 2026 (the Applicable Period ), the Board of the Company will include at least two (2) directors that are independent of, and not affiliates (as defined in Rule 144 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) of, Starboard, with current Board members Maureen O Connell and Isaac T. Kohlberg satisfying this initial condition under the Recapitalization Agreement. Additionally, the Company appointed Gavin Molinelli as a member and as Chair of the Board. The Company and Starboard also agreed that, following the closing of the Series B Warrants Exercise until the end of the Applicable Period, the number of directors serving on the Board will not exceed 10 members. 
 Other Provisions of the Recapitalization Agreement 
 On February 14, 2023, the Company entered into an amended and restated Registration Rights Agreement with Starboard as contemplated by the Recapitalization Agreement. 
 Pursuant to the amended Registration Rights Agreement, the Company has agreed to file a registration statement covering the resale of the shares of common stock, issuable or issued to Starboard pursuant to or in accordance with Section 1.1 of the Recapitalization Agreement, including the shares issued to Starboard in the Concurrent Private Rights Offering, within 90 days after a written request made prior to the first anniversary of the Closing Date (as defined in the Registration Rights Agreement). The Registration Rights Agreement also provides Starboard with additional rights to require that the Company file a registration statement in other circumstances. The Registration Rights Agreement includes other customary terms. 
 The Recapitalization Agreement includes a fair price provision requiring, in addition to any other stockholder vote required by the Company s Certificate of Incorporation or Delaware law, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding voting stock held by stockholders of the Company other than Starboard and its affiliates, by or with whom or on whose behalf, directly or indirectly, a business combination is proposed, in order to approve such a business combination; provided, that the additional majority voting requirement would not be applicable if either (x) the business combination is approved by the Board by the affirmative vote of at least a majority of the directors who are unaffiliated with Starboard or (y) (i) the consideration to be received by stockholders other than Starboard and its affiliates meets certain minimum price conditions, and (ii) the consideration to be received by stockholders other than Starboard and its affiliates is of the same form and kind as the consideration paid by Starboard and its affiliates. 
 The Recapitalization Agreement also provided that, effective as of the later of the closing of the Recapitalization Transactions and the date on which no Senior Secured Notes remain outstanding, (i) the Securities Purchase Agreement and (ii) that certain Governance Agreement, dated as of November 18, 2019, as amended and restated on January 7, 2020 (the "Governance Agreement"), would be automatically terminated and of no further force and effect without any further action by any party thereto. As a result of the closing of the Recapitalization Transactions, the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Governance Agreement have been terminated and are of no further force and effect. 
 Services Agreement 
 On December 12, 2023, the Company entered into a Services Agreement with Starboard (the Services Agreement ), pursuant to which, upon the Company s request, Starboard will provide to the Company certain trade execution, research, due diligence and other services. Starboard has agreed to provide the services on an expense reimbursement basis and no separate fee will be charged by Starboard for the services. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company reimbursed Starboard under the Services Agreement. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 million in aggregate (representing 1.43 per share at an exchange rate of 1.2087 USD/GBP). On January 19, 2024, the Company completed such sale for million. As a result, as of September 30, 2024, the aggregate carrying amount of this investment was , and was included in equity securities, in the consolidated balance sheet r efer to Note 3 for additional information). 
 Commodity Derivative Instruments : Commodity derivative instruments are recorded at fair value using industry standard models using assumptions and inputs which are substantially observable in active markets throughout the full term of the instruments. These include market price curves, quoted market prices in active markets, credit risk adjustments, implied market volatility and discount factors. The fair value of these instruments are within Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. During 2024, Benchmark executed derivative contracts with counterparties and also executed an International Swap Dealers Association Master Agreement ("ISDA") with its counterparties, the terms of which provide Benchmark and its counterparties with rights of offset. There are no derivative assets that were subjected to offset for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate fair value of the open commodity derivatives was million and is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other non-current assets, in the consolidated balance sheet (refer to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements included in our 2023 Annual Report). 
 percent, risk-free rate of percent, term of years and a dividend yield of percent. On July 13, 2023, further to the terms of the Recapitalization Agreement and in accordance with the terms of the Series B Warrants, the remaining Series B Warrants 
 29 

Table of Contents 

The volatility of the Company s common stock is estimated by analyzing the Company s historical volatility, implied volatility of publicly traded stock options, and the Company s current asset composition and financial leverage. Prior to December 31, 2022, the selected volatility, as described herein, represented a haircut from the Company s actual realized historical volatility. A volatility haircut is a concept used to describe a commonly observed occurrence in which the volatility implied by market prices involving options, warrants and convertible debt is lower than historical actual realized volatility. The risk-free interest rate was based on the yield on the U.S. Treasury with a remaining term equal to the expected term of the conversion and early redemption options. The fair value of the embedded derivative as of July 13, 2023 was estimated based on the following significant assumptions: coupon rate of percent, conversion ratio of , conversion date of July 14, 2023 and a discount rate of percent. On July 13, 2023, in accordance with the terms of the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock, as amended, and the Recapitalization Agreement, Starboard converted the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock into common stock, which resulted in a fair value of zero as of December 31, 2023 (refer to Note 10 for additional information). As of September 30, 2024, the Company no longer had any shares of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock outstanding. 
 Commodity derivative instruments Total December 31, 2023: Equity securities Commodity derivative instruments Total 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 and million, respectively. Benchmark's unrealized derivative gain for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively. No amounts are netted under the terms of the ISDA. 
 Exercise of warrants ) ) Conversion of redeemable convertible preferred stock ) ) Remeasurement to fair value ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 In accordance with U.S. GAAP, from time to time, the Company measures certain assets and liabilities at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. Assets and liabilities accounted for on a non-recurring basis include asset retirement obligations incurred by the drilling of new oil and natural gas wells, the change in estimated asset retirement obligations, and the carrying value of proved and unproved oil and natural gas properties following impairment. The fair value of the asset retirement obligations is measured using valuation techniques consistent with the income approach, which converts future cash flows to a single discounted amount and significant inputs include the estimated plug and abandonment cost per well, the estimated life per well and the credit-adjusted risk-free rate. The fair value of the asset retirement obligations are within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. The Company also reviews the carrying value of equity securities without readily determinable fair value, equity method investments and patents on a quarterly basis for indications of impairment, and other long-lived assets at least annually. When indications of potential impairment are identified, the Company may be required to determine the fair value of those assets and record an adjustment for the carrying amount in excess of the fair value determined. Any fair value determination would be based on valuation approaches, which are appropriate under the circumstances and utilize Level 2 and Level 3 measurements as required. 
 
 12. 
 and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, to former executive officers in connection with legal fees incurred following such officers respective departures from the Company. 
 In 2023, the Company entered into a Loan Facility ("Loan Facility") with a private portfolio company. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Loan Facility balance including interest receivable was million and million, respectively. The Loan Facility bore an interest rate of per annum. We recorded and in interest income, respectively, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and in interest income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The receivable is included in other non-current assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Refer to Note 10 for information about the Recapitalization Agreement and Services Agreement with Starboard. 
 
 13. 
 square feet of office space in Irvine, California. The lease commenced on August 1, 2019. The term of the 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 months from the commencement date, provided for annual rent increases, and did not provide us the right to early terminate or extend our lease terms. The lease expired on July 31, 2024, and was not renewed or extended. On April 29, 2024, Acacia entered into a building lease agreement with Metro Pointe 13580 Lot Two, a California Limited Partnership. Pursuant to the lease, we have leased square feet of office space in Costa Mesa, California. The lease commenced on July 1, 2024. The term of the lease is 38 months from the commencement date, provides for annual rent increases, and does not provide us the right to early terminate or extend our lease terms. 
 On January 7, 2020, Acacia entered into a building lease agreement with Sage Realty Corporation. Pursuant to the lease, as amended, we have leased approximately square feet of office space for our corporate headquarters in New York, New York. The lease commenced on February 1, 2020. The term of the initial lease was months from the commencement date, provided for annual rent increases, and did not provide us the right to early terminate or extend our lease terms. During August 2021, we entered into a first amendment of the New York office lease, to commence for a period of upon landlord's substantial completion of adequate substitution space. On January 25, 2022, the substitution space was substantially completed and the new expiration date was February 28, 2025. During July 2022, we entered into a second amendment of the New York office lease, to add space to the existing premises and increase the annual fixed rent through the existing expiration date. The new fixed rent commenced upon the landlord's substantial completion of the additional space, which occurred on September 19, 2022. On June 23, 2023, the Company notified the landlord of its election to early terminate the lease effective as of March 31, 2024, pursuant to the terms set forth in the lease. In connection with such early termination election, the Company paid the landlord a termination payment as set forth in the lease. During September 2023, we entered into a fourth amendment of the New York office lease, which provides for (among other things): (a) the surrender a portion of the premises (Unit 602) effective as of March 31, 2024; (b) the rescission of the early termination election as it relates to the remaining portion of the premises (Unit 601); (c) an extension of the lease term with respect to Unit 601 for 40 months commencing on April 1, 2024 and expiring on July 31, 2027; and (d) annual rent increases, with no right to early terminate or extend the lease. 
 On April 9, 2024, Benchmark entered into a building lease agreement with Luzzatto Oaks, LLC. Pursuant to the lease, Benchmark has leased square feet of office space in Austin, Texas. The lease commenced on May 1, 2024. The term of the lease is 39 months from the commencement date, provides for annual rent increases, and does not provide the right to early terminate or extend the lease terms. 
 Printronix conducts its foreign and domestic operations using leased facilities under non-cancelable operating leases that expire at various dates through February 2028. Printronix has leased square feet of facilities space, of which the significant leases are as follows: 
 On November 10, 2020, Printronix entered into a building lease agreement with PPC Irvine Center Investment, LLC for square feet of office space in Irvine, California. The lease commenced on April 1, 2021. The term of the lease is months from the commencement date, provides for annual rent increases and provides the right to early terminate the lease under certain circumstances, as well as extend the lease term. 
 On September 30, 2019, Printronix entered into a building lease agreement with Dynamics Sing Sdn. Bhd for square feet of warehouse/manufacturing space in Johor, Malaysia. The lease commenced on December 29, 2019. The initial term of the lease was months from the commencement date, has no annual rent increases and provides the right to early terminate or extend our lease term. The Malaysia factory lease has renewal options for an additional and additional renewal option for . On July 26, 2023, Printronix entered into a lease agreement to renew the lease for another months commencing on December 29, 2023. 
 On June 2, 2022, Printronix entered into a building lease agreement with HSBC Institutional Trust Services (Singapore) Limited for square feet of office space in Singapore. The lease commenced on June 13, 2022. The term of the lease is months from the commencement date, has no annual rent increases and does not provide the right to early terminate or extend the lease term. 
 On November 28, 2019, Printronix entered into a building lease agreement with PF Grand Paris for square feet of office space in Paris, France. The lease commenced on March 1, 2019. The term of the lease is months from the commencement date, has no annual rent increases and provides the right to early terminate the lease under certain circumstances, however it does not provide for an extension of the lease term. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 square feet of office space in Shanghai, China. The lease commenced on November 1, 2020. The term of the lease is months from the commencement date, has no annual rent increases and provides the right to early terminate or extend the lease term. 
 The Company's operating lease costs were and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 Total minimum payments Less: short-term lease liabilities ) Long-term lease liabilities 
 Inventor Royalties and Contingent Legal Expenses 
 In connection with the investment in certain patents and patent rights, ARG and its subsidiaries executed related agreements which grant to the former owners of the respective patents or patent rights, the right to receive inventor royalties based on future net revenues (as defined in the respective agreements) generated as a result of licensing and otherwise enforcing the respective patents or patent portfolios. 
 ARG or its subsidiaries may retain the services of law firms that specialize in patent licensing and enforcement and patent law in connection with their licensing and enforcement activities. These law firms may be retained on a contingent fee basis whereby such law firms are paid on a scaled percentage of any negotiated fees, settlements or judgments awarded based on how and when the fees, settlements or judgments are obtained. 
 Patent Enforcement and Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is subject to claims, counterclaims and legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. Management believes that the ultimate liability with respect to these claims and legal actions, if any, will not have a material effect on the Company s consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Subsidiaries of ARG are often required to engage in litigation to enforce their patents and patent rights. In connection with any such patent enforcement actions, it is possible that a defendant may request and/or a court may rule that a subsidiary has violated statutory authority, regulatory authority, federal rules, local court rules, or governing standards relating to the substantive or procedural aspects of such enforcement actions. In such event, a court may issue monetary sanctions against ARG or its subsidiaries or award attorney s fees and/or expenses to a defendant(s), which could be material. 
 On September 6, 2019, Slingshot Technologies, LLC Slingshot ), filed a lawsuit in Delaware Chancery Court against the Company and ARG (collectively, the Acacia Entities ), Monarch Networking Solutions LLC Monarch ), former Acacia board member Katharine Wolanyk, and Transpacific IP Group, Ltd. Transpacific ). Slingshot alleges that the Acacia Entities and Monarch misappropriated its confidential and proprietary information, purportedly furnished to the Acacia Entities and Monarch by Ms. Wolanyk, in acquiring a patent portfolio from Transpacific after Slingshot s exclusive option to purchase the same patent portfolio from Transpacific had already expired. Slingshot seeks monetary damages, as well as equitable and injunctive relief related to its alleged right to own the portfolio. On March 15, 2021, the Court issued orders granting Monarch s motion to dismiss for lack of personal jurisdiction and Ms. Wolanyk s motion to dismiss for lack of subject matter jurisdiction. The remaining parties served written discovery requests and responses, exchanged their respective document productions, and completed depositions as of October 27, 2022. On November 18, 2022, the Acacia Entities and Transpacific filed motions for summary judgment on Slingshot s claims. Slingshot filed its opposition to the 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 million payment by Acacia during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . Accordingly, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , non-recurring legacy legal expense includes an aggregate additional expense of million, which is incremental to amounts expensed in prior periods. 
 Guarantees and Indemnifications 
 Acacia and certain of Acacia s operating subsidiaries have made guarantees and indemnities under which they may be required to make payments to a guaranteed or indemnified party, in relation to certain transactions, including revenue transactions in the ordinary course of business. In connection with certain facility leases, Acacia and certain of its operating subsidiaries have indemnified lessors for certain claims arising from the facilities or the leases. Acacia indemnifies its directors and officers to the maximum extent permitted under the laws of the State of Delaware. However, Acacia has a directors and officers insurance policy that may reduce its exposure in certain circumstances and may enable it to recover a portion of future amounts that may be payable, if any. The duration of the guarantees and indemnities varies and, in many cases is indefinite but subject to statute of limitations. The majority of guarantees and indemnities do not provide any limitations of the maximum potential future payments that Acacia could be obligated to make. To date, Acacia has made no material payments related to these guarantees and indemnities. Acacia estimates the fair value of its indemnification obligations to be immaterial based on this history and therefore, have not recorded any material liability for these guarantees and indemnities in the consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, no events or transactions have occurred that would result in a material liability as of September 30, 2024. 
 Printronix posted collateral in the form of a surety bond or other similar instruments, which are issued by independent insurance carriers (the Surety ), to cover the risk of loss related to certain customs and employment activities. If any of the entities that hold such bonds should require payment from the Surety, Printronix would be obligated to indemnify and reimburse the Surety for all costs incurred. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Printronix had approximately of these bonds outstanding. 
 Environmental Cleanup 
 Energy Operations 
 Benchmark is engaged in oil and natural gas exploration and production and may become subject to certain liabilities as they relate to environmental cleanup of well production and also may become subject to certain liabilities as they relate to 
 34 

Table of Contents 

14. 
 million of the Company's common stock, subject to a cap of shares of common stock. The Repurchase Program has no time limit and does not require the repurchase of a minimum number of shares. The common stock may be repurchased on the open market, in block trades, or in privately negotiated transactions, including under plans complying with the provisions of Rule 10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). 
 
 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 Total repurchases in the quarter 
 shares at an average price per share of . Under the Repurchase Program as of November 7, 2024, we have repurchased a total of shares at an average price per share of , and million may yet be purchased under the Repurchase Program, subject to the aggregate cap for the Repurchase Program of shares of common stock. 
 In determining whether or not to repurchase any shares of Acacia s common stock, management considers such factors, among others, as market conditions, legal requirements, stock price, the impact of the repurchase on Acacia s cash position, as well as Acacia s capital needs and whether there is a better alternative use of Acacia s capital. Acacia has no obligation to repurchase any amount of its common stock under its stock repurchase programs. The authorization to repurchase shares provides an opportunity to reduce the outstanding share count and enhance stockholder value. 
 Tax Benefits Preservation Charter Provision 
 The Company has a provision in its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended (the Charter Provision which generally prohibits transfers of its common stock that could result in an ownership change. The purpose of the Charter Provision is to protect the Company s ability to utilize potential tax assets, such as net operating loss carryforwards and tax credits to offset potential future taxable income. 
 
 15. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 of the fair market value of those shares on the grant date, and (2) incentive stock options to purchase shares of common stock to eligible employees at an exercise price not less than of the fair market value of those shares on the grant date (not less than of fair market value if such employee actually or constructively owns more than of Acacia s voting stock or the voting stock of any of its subsidiaries (a 10 shareholder)). Fair market value is generally equal to the closing price per share of the Company s common stock on the principal securities exchange on which the common stock is traded on the date the option is granted (or if there was no closing price on that date, on the last preceding date on which a closing price was reported). Stock options will generally have a term of ten years from the date of grant; provided, that, the term of an incentive stock option granted to a 10 shareholder may not exceed five years from the date of grant. 
 Discretionary Restricted Stock Unit Grant Program . Under the discretionary restricted stock unit program, Acacia's compensation committee may grant restricted stock units to eligible individuals, which vest upon the attainment of performance milestones or the completion of a specified period of service. During June 2023, Acacia's compensation committee adopted a long-term incentive program to incentivize and reward employees, including members of the Company's executive leadership team, for driving Acacia's performance over the longer-term and to align employees and shareholders. Under the long-term incentive program, Acacia's compensation committee granted RSUs subject to time-based vesting requirements and PSUs subject to performance-based vesting requirements to employees of the parent company, including the Company's Chief Executive Officer, interim Chief Financial Officer, Chief Administrative Officer and General Counsel. The grants are generally intended to cover two years of annual grants (fiscal years 2023 and 2024). 
 The number of shares of common stock initially reserved for issuance under the 2013 Plan was shares. The 2013 Plan has expired, and while awards remain outstanding under the 2013 Plan, no new awards may be granted under the 2013 Plan. The stock issued, or issuable pursuant to still-outstanding awards, under the 2013 Plan shall be shares of authorized but unissued or reacquired common stock, including shares repurchased by the Company on the open market. As of the effective date of the 2016 Plan, shares of common stock remained available for issuance under the 2013 Plan. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 shares plus shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2013 Plan, which were transferred into the 2016 Plan as of the effective date of the 2016 Plan. In May 2022, security holders approved an increase of shares of common stock authorized to be issued pursuant to the 2016 Plan. As of the effective date of the 2024 Plan, shares of common stock remained available for issuance under the 2016 Plan. 
 The number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2024 Plan was shares plus the shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2016 Plan, which were transferred into the 2024 Plan as of the effective date of the 2024 Plan. As of September 30, 2024, after annual RSU grants were made to non-employee directors, there were shares of common stock remain available for grant under the 2024 Plan. 
 Upon the exercise of stock options, the granting of RSAs, or the delivery of shares pursuant to vested RSUs, it is Acacia s policy to issue new shares of common stock. The plan administrator may amend or modify the 2024 Plan at any time, subject to any required stockholder approval. As of September 30, 2024, there are shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the Plans. 
 years Granted Exercised ) Forfeited/Expired ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 years Exercisable at September 30, 2024 years Vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 years Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense at September 30, 2024 (in thousands) Weighted average remaining vesting period at September 30, 2024 years 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were stock options granted. The aggregate fair value of options vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was . 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) ) Nonvested at September 30, 2024 Unrecognized stock-based compensation expense at September 30, 2024 (in thousands) Weighted average remaining vesting period at September 30, 2024 years years 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 . The aggregate fair value of RSUs vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , RSAs and RSUs totaling shares were vested and shares of common stock were withheld to pay applicable required employee statutory withholding taxes based on the market value of the shares on th e vesting date. 
 PSUs granted in 2023 can be earned based upon the level of achievement of the Company's compound annual growth rate of its adjusted book value per share, measured over a three-year performance period beginning on January 1, 2023 and ending on December 31, 2025. The number of PSUs granted in 2023 that can be earned ranges from 0 to 200 of the target number of PSUs granted (up to a maximum of 750,000 shares of Acacia's common stock per recipient). Such number of PSUs that are ultimately earned and eligible to vest will generally become vested on the third anniversary of the grant date subject to continued employment through such date. The Company has not recorded any expense related to the PSUs based on the probability assessment performed as of September 30, 2024. 
 RSAs RSUs Total compensation expense for share-based awards 
 Total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense as of September 30, 2024 was million, which will be amortized over a weighted average remaining vesting period of years. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 16.) ) ) Dividend on Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock ) Accretion of Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock ) Return on settlement of Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders - Basic ) ) ) ) Less: Gain on exercise of Series B warrants ) Add: Interest expense associated with Starboard Notes, net of tax Net loss attributable to common stockholders - Diluted ) ) ) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares used in computing net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders - Basic Potentially dilutive common shares: Series B Warrants Weighted average shares used in computing net income (loss) per share attributable to common stockholders - Diluted Basic net loss per common share ) ) ) ) Diluted net loss per common share ) ) ) ) Anti-dilutive potential common shares excluded from the computation of diluted net income/loss per share: Equity-based incentive awards Series B warrants Total 
 
 17. 
 reportable segments: Intellectual Property Operations, Industrial Operations and Energy Operations. 
 The Company reports segment information based on the management approach and organizes its businesses based on products and services. The management approach designates the internal reporting used by the chief operating decision maker for decision making and performance assessment as the basis for determining the Company s reportable segments. The performance measure of the Company s reportable segments is primarily income or (loss) from operations. Income or (loss) from operations for each segment includes all revenues, cost of revenues, gross profit and other operating expenses directly attributable to the segment. Other than the Company's equity securities investments, specific asset information is not included in managements review at this time. 
 The Company s Intellectual Property Operations segment invests in IP and related absolute return assets, and engages in the licensing and enforcement of patented technologies. Through our Patent Licensing, Enforcement and Technologies Business we are a principal in the licensing and enforcement of patent portfolios, with our operating subsidiaries obtaining the rights in the patent portfolio or purchasing the patent portfolio outright. While we, from time to time, partner with inventors and patent owners, from small entities to large corporations, we assume all responsibility for advancing operational expenses while pursuing a patent licensing and enforcement program. When applicable, we share net licensing 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 40 

Table of Contents 

 Printers and parts Consumable products Services Oil sales Natural gas sales Natural gas liquids sales Other service sales Total revenues Cost of revenues: Inventor royalties Contingent legal fees ) ) Litigation and licensing expenses Amortization of patents Cost of sales Cost of production Total cost of revenues Segment gross (loss) profit ) Other operating expenses: Engineering and development expenses Sales and marketing expenses Amortization of intangible assets General and administrative expenses Total other operating expenses Segment operating (loss) income ) ) ) ) Parent general and administrative expenses Operating loss ) ) Total other income (expense) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Printers and parts Consumable products Services Total revenues Cost of revenues: Inventor royalties Contingent legal fees Litigation and licensing expenses Amortization of patents Cost of sales Total cost of revenues Segment gross (loss) profit ) ) Other operating expenses: Engineering and development expenses Sales and marketing expenses Amortization of intangible assets General and administrative expenses Total other operating expenses Segment operating (loss) income ) ) ) ) Parent general and administrative expenses Operating income loss ) ) Total other income Income (loss) before income taxes ) 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Equity securities without readily determinable fair value Equity method investments Total parent equity securities investments Other parent assets Segment total assets: Intellectual property operations Industrial operations Energy operations Total assets 
 The Company's revenues and long-lived tangible assets by geographic area are presented below. Intellectual Property Operations revenues are attributed to licensees domiciled in foreign jurisdictions. Printronix's net sales to external customers are attributed to geographic areas based upon the final destination of products shipped. The Company, primarily through its Printronix subsidiary, has identified three global regions for marketing its products and services: Americas, Europe, Middle East and Africa, and Asia-Pacific. Assets are summarized based on the location of held assets. Benchmark's sales are only attributed to the United States of America. 
 
 Canada and Latin America Total Americas Europe, Middle East and Africa China India Asia-Pacific, excluding China and India Total Asia-Pacific Total revenues 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Canada and Latin America Total Americas Europe, Middle East and Africa China India Asia-Pacific, excluding China and India Total Asia-Pacific Total revenues 
 Malaysia Other foreign countries Total 
 December 31, 2023 Intellectual Property Operations Industrial Operations Energy Operations Total (In thousands) Long-lived tangible assets by geographic area: United States Malaysia Other foreign countries Total 
 
 18. 
 . 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q ("Quarterly Report"). This discussion contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors including the risks we discuss in "Item 1A. Risk Factors" to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and elsewhere herein. For additional information, refer to the section above entitled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 See the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in the Quarterly Report for the definitions of certain capitalized terms used throughout the remainder of this Quarterly Report. 
 
 General 
 We are focused on acquiring and operating attractive businesses across the mature technology, energy and industrial/manufacturing sectors where we believe we can leverage our expertise, significant capital base and deep industry relationships to drive value. We focus on identifying, pursuing and acquiring businesses where we are uniquely positioned to deploy our differentiated strategy, people and processes to generate and compound shareholder value. We have a wide range of transactional and operational capabilities to realize the intrinsic value in the businesses that we acquire. Our ideal transactions include the acquisition of public or private companies, the acquisition of divisions of other companies, or structured transactions that can result in the recapitalization or restructuring of the ownership of a business to enhance value. 
 We are particularly attracted to complex situations where we believe value is not fully recognized, the value of certain operations are masked by a diversified business mix, or where private ownership has not invested the capital and/or resources necessary to support long-term value. Through our public market activities, we aim to initiate strategic block positions in public companies as a path to complete whole company acquisitions or strategic transactions that unlock value. We believe this business model is differentiated from private equity funds, which do not typically own public securities prior to acquiring companies, hedge funds, which do not typically acquire entire businesses, and other acquisition vehicles such as special purpose acquisition companies, which are narrowly focused on completing one singular, defining acquisition. 
 Our focus is companies with market values in the sub- 2 billion range and particularly on businesses valued at 1billion or less. We are, however, opportunistic, and may pursue acquisitions that are larger under the right circumstance. 
 We believe the Company has the potential to develop advantaged opportunities due to its: 
 disciplined focus on identifying opportunities where the Company can be an advantaged buyer, initiate a transaction opportunity spontaneously, avoid a traditional sale process and complete the purchase of a business, division or other asset at an attractive price; 
 willingness to invest across industries and in off-the-run, often misunderstood assets that suffer from a complexity discount; 
 relationships and partnership abilities across functions and sectors; and 
 strong expertise in corporate governance and operational transformation. 
 Our long-term focus positions our businesses to navigate economic cycles and allows sellers and other counterparties to have confidence that a transaction is not dependent on achieving the types of performance hurdles demanded by private equity sponsors. We consider opportunities based on the attractiveness of the underlying cash flows, without regard to a specific fund life or investment horizon. 
 People, Process and Performance 
 Our Company is built on the principles of People, Process and Performance. We have built a management team with demonstrated expertise in Research, Transactions and Execution, and Operations and Management of our targeted 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 acquisitions. We believe our priorities and skills underpin a compelling value proposition for operating businesses, partners and future acquisition targets, including: 
 the flexibility to consummate transactions using financing structures suited to the opportunity and involving third-party transaction structuring as needed; 
 the ability to deliver ongoing financial and strategic support; and 
 the financial capacity to maintain a long-term outlook and remain committed to a multi-year business plan. 
 Relationship with Starboard Value, LP 
 Our strategic relationship with Starboard provides us access to industry expertise, and operating partners and industry experts to evaluate potential acquisition opportunities and enhance the oversight and value creation of such businesses once acquired. Starboard has provided, and we expect will continue to provide, ready access to its extensive network of industry executives and, as part of our relationship, Starboard has assisted, and we expect will continue to assist, with sourcing and evaluating appropriate acquisition opportunities. 
 Intellectual Property Operations 
 The Company through its Patent Licensing, Enforcement and Technologies Business invests in IP and related absolute return assets and engages in the licensing and enforcement of patented technologies. Through our Patent Licensing, Enforcement and Technologies Business, operated under our wholly owned subsidiary, Acacia Research Group, LLC, and its wholly-owned subsidiaries (collectively, ARG ), we are a principal in the licensing and enforcement of patent portfolios, with our operating subsidiaries obtaining the rights in the patent portfolio or purchasing the patent portfolio outright. While we, from time to time, partner with inventors and patent owners, from small entities to large corporations, we assume all responsibility for advancing operational expenses while pursuing a patent licensing and enforcement program, and when applicable, share net licensing revenue with our patent partners as that program matures, on a pre-arranged and negotiated basis. We may also provide upfront capital to patent owners as an advance against future licensing revenue. 
 Currently, on a consolidated basis, our operating subsidiaries own or control the rights to multiple patent portfolios, which include U.S. patents and certain foreign counterparts, covering technologies used in a variety of industries. We generate revenues and related cash flows from the granting of IP rights for the use of patented technologies that our operating subsidiaries control or own. 
 We have established a proven track record of licensing and enforcement success with over 1,600 license agreements executed as of September 30, 2024, across nearly 200 patent portfolio licensing and enforcement programs. As of September 30, 2024, we have generated gross licensing revenue of approximately 1.9 billion, and have returned 880.9 million to our patent partners. Since January 1, 2020, we have generated gross licensing revenue of approximately 233.9 million and returned approximately 91.1 million to our patent partners. 
 For more information related to our Intellectual Property Operations, refer to additional detailed patent business discussion below. 
 Industrial Operations 
 In October 2021, we consummated our first operating company acquisition of Printronix. Printronix is a leading manufacturer and distributor of industrial impact printers, also known as line matrix printers, and related consumables and services. The Printronix business serves a diverse group of customers that operate across healthcare, food and beverage, manufacturing and logistics, and other sectors. This mature technology is known for its ability to operate in hazardous environments. Printronix has a manufacturing site located in Malaysia and third-party configuration sites located in the United States, Singapore and Holland, along with sales and support locations around the world to support its global network of users, channel partners and strategic alliances. This acquisition was made at what we believe to be an attractive purchase price, and we are now supporting existing management in its initiative to reduce costs and operate more efficiently and in its execution of strategic partnerships to generate growth. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 For more information related to our Industrial Operations, refer to the section entitled Industrial Operations Business below. 
 Energy Operations 
 In November 2023, we invested 10.0 million to acquire a 50.4 equity interest in Benchmark. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, Benchmark is an independent oil and gas company engaged in the acquisition, production and development of oil and gas assets in mature resource plays in Texas and Oklahoma. Benchmark is run by an experienced management team led by Chief Executive Officer Kirk Goehring, who previously served as Chief Operating Officer of both Benchmark and Jones Energy, Inc. Prior to Benchmark's acquisition of additional assets in April 2024, Benchmark s assets consisted of over 13,000 net acres primarily located in Roberts and Hemphill Counties in Texas, and an interest in over 125 wells, the majority of which are operated. Acacia made a control investment in Benchmark and intends to utilize its significant capital base to acquire predictable and shallow decline, cash-flowing oil and gas properties whose value can be enhanced via a disciplined, field optimization strategy, with risk managed through robust commodity hedges and low leverage. Through its investment in Benchmark, the Company, along with the Benchmark management team, will evaluate future growth and acquisitions of oil and gas assets at attractive valuations. The Company s consolidated financial statements include Benchmark s consolidated operations from November 13, 2023 through September 30, 2024. Refer to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information. 
 On April 17, 2024, Benchmark consummated the previously announced Revolution Transaction contemplated in the Purchase Agreement. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, Benchmark acquired certain upstream assets and related facilities in Texas and Oklahoma, including approximately 140,000 net acres and an interest in approximately 470 operated producing wells for a purchase price of 145 million in cash, subject to customary post-closing adjustments. The Company s contribution to Benchmark to fund its portion of the Revolution Purchase Price and related fees was 59.9 million, which was funded from cash on hand. The remainder of the Revolution Purchase Price was funded by a combination of borrowings under the Benchmark Revolving Credit Facility and a cash contribution of 15.25 million from other investors in Benchmark, including McArron Partners. Following closing, the Company s interest in Benchmark is approximately 73.5 . Refer to Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 For more information, refer to the section entitled Energy Operations below. 
 
 Recent Business Developments and Trends 
 Business Strategy 
 We intend to grow our Company by acquiring additional operating businesses, energy assets and intellectual property assets. However, we may not complete any acquisitions, and any acquisitions that we complete will be costly and could negatively affect our results of operations, and dilute our stockholders' ownership, or cause us to incur significant expense, and we may not realize the expected benefits of acquisitions. 
 Recent Acquisitions 
 In November 2023, we invested 10.0 million to acquire a 50.4 equity interest in Benchmark. Headquartered in Austin, Texas, Benchmark is an independent oil and gas company engaged in the acquisition, production and development of oil and gas assets in mature resource plays in Texas and Oklahoma. 
 On April 17, 2024, Benchmark consummated the previously announced Revolution Transaction contemplated in the Purchase Agreement pursuant to which Benchmark acquired certain upstream assets and related facilities in Texas and Oklahoma, including approximately 140,000 net acres and an interest in approximately 470 operated producing wells, for a purchase price of 145 million in cash, subject to customary post-closing adjustments (as described further in Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements). Following closing, the Company's interest in Benchmark is approximately 73.5 . 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 On October 18, 2024, Deflecto Holdco LLC Deflcot Purchaser ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of Acacia, acquired Deflecto Acquisition, Inc. Deflecto ). Headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana, Deflecto is a leading specialty manufacturer of essential products serving the commercial transportation, HVAC and office markets. Under the terms and conditions of the Deflecto Stock Purchase Agreement, the aggregate consideration paid to the sellers in the Deflecto Transaction consisted of 103.7 million, subject to certain working capital, debt and other customary adjustments set forth in the Deflecto Stock Purchase Agreement (the Deflecto Purchase Price ). The Deflecto Purchase Price was funded with a combination of borrowings of a 48.0 million secured term loan (the Deflecto Term Loan and cash on hand. A portion of the Deflecto Purchase Price is being held in escrow to indemnify Purchaser against certain claims, losses and liabilities. Refer to Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Life Sciences Portfolio 
 In June 2020 we acquired a portfolio of investments in 18 public and private life sciences companies (the Life Sciences Portfolio ). That purchase was funded with a combination of available cash and capital from Starboard, for a total of approximately 282.0 million at the time of acquisition. Through the end of September 30, 2024, we have received proceeds of 564.1 million as we monetized the Life Sciences portfolio. We retained an investment in the Life Sciences Portfolio consisting of public and private securities valued at 25.7 million at September 30, 2024. On January 19, 2024, we completed the sale of our 33,023,210 shares of Arix Bioscience PLC Arix to RTW Biotech Opportunities Operating Ltd, a subsidiary of RTW Biotech Opportunities Ltd, for 57.1 million in aggregate (representing 1.43 per share at an exchange rate of 1.2087 USD/GBP). Following the completion of the share sale, we no longer own any shares of Arix. Additionally, some of the businesses in which we continue to hold an interest generate income through the receipt of royalties and milestone payments. Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for more information. 
 
 Inflation 
 Historically, inflation has not had a significant impact on us or any of our subsidiaries. While insignificant to our consolidated enterprise, during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, inflation for our Printronix subsidiary slowed down with only a small increase in cost of raw materials than in previous years related to its electronic and electrical and metal components. Printronix will continue to adjust its selling price as required in response to higher costs. Printronix have also implemented cost rationalization measures to combat the rising cost that is driven by inflation and currency pressures. Additionally, our Energy Operations Business may experience inflation. The oil and natural gas industry and the broader U.S. economy have experienced higher than expected inflationary pressures in recent years related to increases in oil and natural gas prices, continued supply chain disruptions, labor shortages and geopolitical instability, among other pressures. 
 
 Patent Licensing and Enforcement 
 Patent Litigation Trial Dates and Related Trials 
 As of the date of this Quarterly Report, our Patent Licensing, Enforcement and Technologies Business has one pending patent infringement case with scheduled trial dates in the next twelve months. Patent infringement trials are components of its overall patent licensing process and are one of many factors that contribute to possible future revenue generating opportunities. Scheduled trial dates, as promulgated by the respective court, merely provide an indication of when, in future periods, the trials may occur according to the court s scheduling calendar at a specific point in time. A court may change previously scheduled trial dates. In fact, courts often reschedule trial dates for various reasons that are unrelated to the underlying patent assets and typically for reasons that are beyond the control of our Patent Licensing, Enforcement and Technologies Business. While scheduled trial dates provide an indication of the timing of possible future revenue generating opportunities, the trials themselves and the immediately preceding periods represent the possible future revenue generating opportunities. 
 Litigation and Licensing Expense 
 We expect patent-related legal expenses to continue to fluctuate from period to period based on the factors summarized herein, in connection with future trial dates, international enforcement, strategic patent portfolio prosecution and our current and future patent portfolio investment, prosecution, licensing and enforcement activities. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Investments in Patent Portfolios 
 With respect to our licensing, enforcement and overall business, neither we nor our operating subsidiaries invent new technologies or products; rather, we depend upon the identification and investment in patents, inventions and companies that own IP through our relationships with inventors, universities, research institutions, technology companies and others. If our operating subsidiaries are unable to maintain those relationships and identify and grow new relationships, then we may not be able to identify new technology-based patent opportunities for sustainable revenue and /or revenue growth. 
 Our current or future relationships may not provide the volume or quality of technologies necessary to sustain our licensing, enforcement and overall business. In some cases, universities and other technology sources compete against us as they seek to develop and commercialize technologies. Universities may receive financing for basic research in exchange for the exclusive right to commercialize resulting inventions. These and other strategies employed by potential partners may reduce the number of technology sources and potential clients to whom we can market our solutions. If we are unable to maintain current relationships and sources of technology or to secure new relationships and sources of technology, such inability may have a material adverse effect on our revenues, operating results, financial condition and ability to maintain our licensing and enforcement business. 
 Patent Portfolio Intake 
 One of the significant challenges in the intellectual property industry continues to be quality patent intake due to the challenges and complexity associated with the current patent environment. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as well as 2023 and 2022, we did not acquire any new patent portfolios. Dur ing 2021, we acquired one new patent portfolio consisting of Wi-Fi 6 standard essential patents. In 2020, we acquired five new patent portfolios consisting of (i) flash memory technology, (ii) voice activation and control technology, (iii) wireless networks, (iv) internet search, advertising and cloud computing technology and (v) GPS navigation. The patents and patent rights acquired in 2021 and 2020 have estimated economic useful lives of approximately five years. 
 
 Industrial Operations Business 
 Our Printronix subsidiary is a worldwide leader in multi technology supply chain printing solutions for a variety of industries, including auto manufacturing, transportation and logistics, retail distribution, food and beverage distribution, and pharmaceutical distribution. Printronix s line matrix printers are used for mission critical applications within these industries, including labeling and inventory management, build sheets, invoicing, manifests and bills of lading, and reporting. In China, India and other developing countries in Asia and Africa, our printers are also prevalent in the banking and government sectors. Printronix has manufacturing, configuration and/or distribution sites located in Malaysia, the United States, Singapore, China and the Netherlands, along with sales and support locations around the world to support its global network of users, channel partners, and strategic alliances. Printronix designs and manufactures printers and related consumable products for various industrial printing applications. Printers consist of hardware and embedded software and may be sold with maintenance service agreements, which are serviced by outside contractors. Consumable products include inked ribbons which are used within Printronix's printers. Printronix s products are primarily sold through Printronix s global network of channel partners, such as dealers and distributors, to end users. 
 
 Energy Operations Business 
 Headquartered in Austin, Texas, Benchmark is an independent oil and gas company engaged in the acquisition, production and development of oil and gas assets in mature resource plays in Texas and Oklahoma. Benchmark is run by an experienced management team led by Chief Executive Officer Kirk Goehring, who previously served as Chief Operating Officer of both Benchmark and Jones Energy, Inc. After the acquisition of Revolution, Benchmark s existing assets consist of approximately 153,000 net acres and an interest in approximately 605 wells, the majority of which are operated. Acacia owns approximately 73.5 of Benchmark. Benchmark intends to enhance the value of such assets via a disciplined, field optimization strategy, with risk managed through robust commodity hedges and low leverage. Through its investment in Benchmark, the Company, along with the Benchmark management team, will evaluate future growth and acquisitions of oil and gas assets at attractive valuations. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Activities 
 Intellectual Property Operations 
 Our Intellectual Property Operations revenues historically have fluctuated quarterly, and can vary significantly period to period, based on a number of factors including the following: 
 the dollar amount of agreements executed each period, which can be driven by the nature and characteristics of the technology or technologies being licensed and the magnitude of infringement associated with a specific licensee; 
 the specific terms and conditions of agreements executed each period including the nature and characteristics of rights granted, and the periods of infringement or term of use contemplated by the respective payments; 
 fluctuations in the total number of agreements executed each period; 
 the number of, timing, results and uncertainties associated with patent licensing negotiations, mediations, patent infringement actions, trial dates and other enforcement proceedings relating to our patent licensing and enforcement programs; 
 the relative maturity of licensing programs during the applicable periods; 
 other external factors, including the periodic status or results of ongoing negotiations, the status or results of ongoing litigations and appeals, actual or perceived shifts in the regulatory environment, impact of unrelated patent related judicial proceedings and other macroeconomic factors; 
 the willingness of prospective licensees to settle significant patent infringement cases and pay reasonable license fees for the use of our patented technology, as such infringement cases approach a court determined trial date; and 
 fluctuations in overall patent portfolio related enforcement activities which are impacted by the portfolio intake challenges discussed above. 
 Our management does not attempt to manage for smooth sequential periodic growth in revenues from period to period, and therefore, periodic results can be uneven. Unlike most operating businesses and industries, licensing revenues not generated in a current period are not necessarily foregone but, depending on whether negotiations, litigation or both continue into subsequent periods, and depending on a number of other factors, such potential revenues may be pushed into subsequent annual periods. 
 Industrial Operations 
 Refer to "Industrial Operations Business" above for information related to Printronix's operating activities. 
 Energy Operations 
 Refer to "Energy Operations Business" above for information related to Benchmark's operating activities. 
 In addition to the following results of operations discussion, more information related to our Intellectual Property Operations, Industrial Operations and Energy Operations segment revenues may be found in Notes 2 and 17 to the consolidated financial statements. Refer to Note 2 included in our 2023 Annual Report for additional information regarding our Intellectual Property Operations, Industrial Operations and Energy Operations segment cost of revenues and cost of production. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Summary of Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (In thousands, except percentage change values) Total revenues 23,310 10,084 13,226 131 73,468 32,791 40,677 124 Total costs and expenses 33,582 23,237 10,345 45 90,585 67,797 22,788 34 Operating loss (10,272) (13,153) 2,881 (22 (17,117) (35,006) 17,889 (51 Total other income (expense) 4,112 15,718 (11,606) (74 (6,231) 29,077 (35,308) (121 (Loss) income before income taxes (6,160) 2,565 (8,725) (340 (23,348) (5,929) (17,419) 294 Income tax (expense) benefit (5,497) 197 (5,694) (2,890 2,673 (641) 3,314 (517 Net (loss) income attributable to Acacia Research Corporation (13,996) 1,636 (15,632) (956 (22,628) (7,696) (14,932) 194 
 
 Results of Operations - three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Total revenues increased 13.2 million to 23.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 10.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to revenues contributed from the Energy Operations of 15.8 million partially offset by a decrease in our Intellectual Property Operations revenues and in our Industrial Operations revenues. Intellectual Property Operations revenues decreased 1.3 million due to fewer executed license agreements compared to the comparable prior period. Industrial Operations revenues decreased 1.3 million due to decrease in the number of printer units sold compared to the comparable prior period. Refer to "Industrial Operations Revenues" below for further discussion. 
 Loss before income taxes was 6.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to income of 2.6 million in the comparable prior period. The net decrease was comprised of the change in total revenues described above and other changes in operating expenses and other income or expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 as follows: 
 Inventor royalties decreased 277,000, from 497,000 to 220,000 in 2024, primarily due to license agreement activity and related revenues generated with inventor royalty obligations. Refer to "Intellectual Property Operations Cost of Revenues " below for further discussion. 
 Litigation and licensing expenses decreased 1.2 million, from 2.0 million to 797,000 in 2024, primarily due to a net decrease in litigation support and third-party technical consulting expenses associated with ongoing litigation. Refer to "Intellectual Property Operations Cost of Revenues " below for further discussion. 
 Printronix cost of sales, engineering and development expenses, and sales and marketing expenses decreased 1.2 million, from 6.2 million to 5.0 million in 2024, primarily due to a decrease in related revenues. Refer to "Industrial Operations Cost of Revenues " and "Operating Expenses" below for further discussion. 
 Benchmark's cost of production for the third quarter of 2024 added a total of 11.7 million to our consolidated operating expenses. Refer to "Energy Operations Cost of Production" below for further discussion. 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 481,000, from 11.6 million to 11.1 million in 2024, primarily due to lower parent company legal fees partially offset by expenses contributed from our Energy Operations of 1.0 million for the third quarter of 2024. Refer to " General and Administrative Expenses " below for further detail and discussion. 
 Compensation expense for share-based awards, included in general and administrative expenses above, decreased 192,000, from 973,000 to 781,000 in 2024, primarily due to restricted stock and option grants issued to employees and the Board of Directors in 2024 and 2023. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Unrealized loss from the change in fair value of our equity securities was 4.1 million in 2024, as compared to an unrealized gain of 8.8 million in the comparable prior period. The unrealized loss and gain were derived from our Life Sciences Portfolio and our trading securities portfolio. Refer to " Equity Securities Investments " below for further discussion. 
 Earnings on equity investment in joint venture was zero in 2024, as compared to 3.4 million in the comparable prior period primarily due to the earnings on equity investment in joint venture from the payments related to the achievement of one milestone in 2023. 
 Non-recurring legacy legal expense of 2.0 million in 2024 is related to the accrual recorded in connection with the settlement agreement with Slingshot. Refer to Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information regarding the settlement agreement with Slingshot. 
 We recognized a gain on exercise of Series B Warrants of zero in 2024, as compared to 1.5 million in the comparable prior period primarily due to the exercise of the remaining Series B Warrants and conversion of the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock into the Company's common stock in 2023. In 2024, no shares of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and no Series B Warrants remained outstanding. Refer to Notes 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information regarding the Series B Warrants and Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and fair value measurements. 
 Gain on derivatives was 8.0 million in 2024, as compared to zero in the comparable prior period due to the commodity derivative activities contributed from our Energy Operations. Refer to Note 11 for additional information regarding Benchmark's gain on its commodity derivatives. 
 Interest expense on Senior Secured Notes decreased 130,000, from 130,000 to zero in 2024, due to the cancellation of the remaining 60.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Senior Secured Notes on July 13, 2023 pursuant to the Series B Warrants Exercise. Refer to Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information. 
 
 Results of Operations - nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Total revenues increased 40.7 million to 73.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 32.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in our Intellectual Property Operations revenues and revenues contributed from Benchmark of 31.8 million partially offset by a decrease in Industrial Operations revenues. ARG revenues increased due to an increase in the number of license agreements executed that generated higher average license fees, which contributed to Intellectual Property Operations revenues increasing by 13.1 million. Refer to Investments in Patent Portfolios above for additional information regarding the impact of portfolio acquisition trends on current and future licensing and enforcement related revenues. The decrease in Industrial Operations revenue of 4.3 million is due to lower units of printers sold. Refer to Industrial Operations Revenues below for further detailed discussion. 
 Loss before income taxes was 23.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to loss of 5.9 million in the comparable prior period. The increase was comprised of the change in total revenues described above and other changes in operating expenses and other income or expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as follows: 
 Inventor royalties increased 765,000, from 863,000 to 1.6 million in 2024, primarily due to license agreement activity and related revenues generated in 2024. Refer to "Intellectual Property Operations Cost of Revenues " below for further discussion. 
 Contingent legal fees increased 1.5 million, from 890,000 to 2.4 million in 2024, primarily due to the change in Intellectual Property Operations revenues described above. Refer to "Intellectual Property Operations Cost of Revenues " below for further discussion. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Litigation and licensing expenses decreased 2.6 million, from 5.7 million to 3.1 million in 2024, primarily due to a net decrease in litigation support expenses associated with ongoing litigation. Refer to "Intellectual Property Operations Cost of Revenues " below for further discussion. 
 Printronix cost of sales, engineering and development expenses, and sales and marketing expenses decreased approximately 3.9 million, from 19.5 million to 15.6 million in 2024. Refer to "Industrial Operations Cost of Revenues " and "Operating Expenses" below for further discussion. 
 Benchmark's cost of production for the first nine months of 2024 added a total of 23.1 million to our consolidated operating expenses. Refer to "Energy Operations Cost of Production" below for further discussion. 
 General and administrative expenses increased 357,000, from 33.1 million to 33.4 million in 2024, primarily due to an increase in Intellectual Property Operations general and administrative costs and 2.3 million from our Energy Operations general and administrative costs for 2024, partially offset by a decrease in our Industrial Operations general and administrative costs and other general and administrative costs. Refer to " General and Administrative Expenses " below for further detail and discussion. 
 Compensation expense for share-based awards, included in general and administrative expenses above, increased 206,000, from 2.3 million to 2.5 million in 2024, primarily due to restricted stock and option grants issued to employees and the Board in 2024 and 2023, which includes a partial offset for forfeitures. 
 Unrealized loss from the change in fair value of our equity securities was 35.5 million in 2024, as compared to an unrealized gain of 18.8 million in the comparable prior period. The unrealized gain and loss were derived from our Life Sciences Portfolio and trading securities portfolio. The 2024 period unrealized loss primarily relates to the reversal of unrealized gains previously recorded for Arix shares sold in January 2024 for realized gains. Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information regarding the sale of Arix shares and refer to " Equity Securities Investments " below for further discussion. 
 Realized gain from the sale of equity securities was 28.9 million in 2024, as compared to a realized loss of 9.4 million in the comparable prior period. The realized gains and losses were similarly derived from the sales activity from our Life Sciences Portfolio and trading securities portfolio. The 2024 period realized gains primarily relates to the Arix shares sold in January 2024. Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information regarding the sale of Arix shares and refer to " Equity Securities Investments " below for further discussion. 
 Earnings on equity investment in joint venture was zero in 2024, as compared to 3.4 million in the comparable prior period primarily due to the earnings on equity investment in joint venture from one milestone in 2023. 
 Non-recurring legacy legal expense of 14.9 million in 2024 is related to the additional accruals made in connection with the AIP Matter and expenses related to the settlement agreement with Slingshot. Refer to Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information regarding the accrual in connection with the AIP Matter and the settlement agreement with Slingshot. 
 Unrealized gain from the Series B Warrants and the embedded derivative fair value measurements was zero in 2024, as compared to a gain of 8.2 million in the comparable prior period, primarily due to the exercise of the remaining Series B Warrants and conversion of the Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock into the Company's common stock in 2023. In 2024, no shares of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and no Series B Warrants remained outstanding. Refer to Notes 10 and 11 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information regarding the Series B Warrants and Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and fair value measurements. 
 Gain on derivatives was 5.5 million in 2024, as compared to zero in the comparable prior period due to the commodity derivative activities contributed from our Energy Operations. Refer to Note 11 for additional information regarding Benchmark's gain on its commodity derivatives. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Interest expense on Senior Secured Notes was zero in 2024, as compared to interest expense of 1.9 million in the comparable prior period, due to the cancellation of the remaining 60.0 million aggregate principal amount outstanding of the Senior Secured Notes on July 13, 2023, pursuant to the Series B Warrants Exercise. Refer to Note 10 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information. 
 
 Intellectual Property Operations 
 Revenues 
 ARG's revenue activity for the periods presented included the following: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (In thousands, except percentage change values and count totals) Paid-up license revenue agreements 1,410 (1,410) (100 17,253 5,385 11,868 220 Recurring license revenue agreements 486 350 136 39 2,189 945 1,244 132 Total revenues 486 1,760 (1,274) (72 19,442 6,330 13,112 207 New license agreements executed 5 (5) (100 9 10 (1) (10 Licensing and enforcement programs generating revenues 3 5 (2) (40 6 6 
 
 For the periods presented above, the majority of the revenue agreements executed during the relevant period provided for the payment of one-time, paid-up license fees in consideration for the grant of certain IP Rights for patented technology owned by our operating subsidiaries. These rights were primarily granted on a perpetual basis, extending until the expiration of the underlying patents. Paid-up revenue decreased 1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 as there were no new license agreements executed during the third quarter of 2024. Paid-up revenue increased 11.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 due to an increase in the number of new license agreements that generated higher license revenue in 2024. Recurring revenue, that provides for quarterly sales-based license fees, increased 136,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and increased 1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, in each case compared to the comparable prior year period, from various on-going license arrangements. 
 Refer to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information regarding our revenue arrangements and related concentrations for the periods presented herein. 
 Refer to Investments in Patent Portfolios above for information regarding the impact of portfolio acquisition trends on current and future licensing and enforcement related revenues. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (In thousands, except percentage change values) Inventor royalties 220 497 (277) (56 1,628 863 765 89 Contingent legal fees (22) 346 (368) (106 2,373 890 1,483 167 Litigation and licensing expenses 797 2,026 (1,229) (61 3,087 5,663 (2,576) (45 Amortization of patents 4,712 2,601 2,111 81 11,385 7,802 3,583 46 Total 5,707 5,470 237 4 18,473 15,218 3,255 21 
 Refer to detailed change explanations above for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 regarding cost of revenues for our Intellectual Property Operations. 
 The economic terms of patent portfolio related partnering agreements and contingent legal fee arrangements, if any, including royalty obligations, if any, royalty rates, contingent fee rates and other terms and conditions, vary across the patent portfolios owned or controlled by our operating subsidiaries. In certain instances, we have invested in certain patent portfolios without future patent partner royalty obligations. The costs associated with the forementioned obligations fluctuate period to period, based on the amount of revenues recognized each period, the terms and conditions of revenue 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 agreements executed each period and the mix of specific patent portfolios, with varying economic terms and conditions, generating revenues each period. 
 Litigation and licensing expenses include patent-related litigation, enforcement and prosecution costs incurred by law firms and external patent attorneys engaged on either an hourly basis or a contingent fee basis. Litigation and licensing expenses also includes third-party patent research, development, patent prosecution and maintenance fees, re-exam and inter partes reviews, consulting and other costs incurred in connection with the licensing and enforcement of patent portfolios. Refer to Investments in Patent Portfolios above for additional information regarding the impact of portfolio acquisition trends on current and future licensing and enforcement related revenues. 
 
 Industrial Operations 
 Revenues 
 Printronix's net revenues for the periods presented included the following: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (In thousands, except percentage change value) Printers and parts 2,367 2,852 (485) (17 7,316 9,640 (2,324) (24 Consumable products 3,782 4,576 (794) (17 12,362 14,074 (1,712) (12 Services 858 896 (38) (4 2,505 2,747 (242) (9 Total 7,007 8,324 (1,317) (16 22,183 26,461 (4,278) (16 
 For the periods presented above, the majority of the contract agreements executed in the relevant period include various combinations of tangible products (which include printers, consumables and parts) and services. Revenue from printers and parts decreased 485,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and decreased 2.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, in each case compared to the comparable prior year period, due to a decrease in the number of printer units sold. Refer to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information regarding Printronix's revenue arrangements and related concentrations. Refer to Industrial Operations Business above for additional information related to Printronix's operating activities. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (In thousands, except percentage change values) Cost of revenues - industrial operations 3,523 4,377 (854) (20 10,849 13,530 (2,681) (20 
 Refer to detailed change explanations above for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 regarding cost of revenues for our Industrial Operations. The decrease in Printronix's cost of revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 is due to change in revenue described above. Refer to Note 2 included in our 2023 Annual Report for additional information regarding Printronix's cost of sales. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Energy Operations 
 Revenues 
 The following table provides the components of Benchmark's revenues for the periods indicated, as well as each period's respective average realized prices and production volumes. This table shows production on a barrel of oil ("boe") equivalent basis in which natural gas is converted to oil at the ratio of 6 Mcf of natural gas to one barrel ("Bbl") of oil. This ratio may not be reflective of the current price ratio between two products. "Mcf" means thousand cubic feet and "/d" means per day. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2024 (In thousands, except per unit data Production: Oil (Bbl) 121,251 235,867 Natural gas (Mcf) 1,482,555 3,100,391 Natural gas liquids (Bbl) 172,164 357,738 Total (boe) 540,508 1,110,336 Average daily production: Oil (Bbl/d) 1,318 861 Natural gas (Mcf/d) 16,115 11,315 Natural gas liquids (Bbl/d) 1,871 1,306 Total (boe/d) 5,875 4,052 Revenues: Oil sales 8,997 17,740 Natural gas sales 2,829 5,550 Natural gas liquids sales 3,837 8,390 Other service sales 154 163 Total 15,817 31,843 Average Price: Oil (per Bbl) 74.20 75.21 Natural gas (per Mcf) 1.91 1.79 Natural gas liquids (per Bbl) 22.29 23.45 
 Refer to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information regarding Benchmark's revenue arrangements and related concentrations. 
 Cost of Production 
 Benchmark's cost of production for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 11.7 million and 23.1 million, respectively. Refer to Note 2 included in our 2023 Annual Report for additional information regarding Benchmark's cost of production. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (In thousands, except percentage change values) Engineering and development expenses - industrial operations 108 172 (64) (37 420 593 (173) (29 Sales and marketing expenses - industrial operations 1,391 1,613 (222) (14 4,333 5,385 (1,052) (20 General and administrative costs - intellectual property operations 1,917 1,818 99 5 7,078 5,317 1,761 33 General and administrative costs - industrial operations 2,086 1,999 87 4 5,704 6,743 (1,039) (15 General and administrative costs - energy operations 1,024 1,024 n/a 2,292 2,292 n/a Parent general and administrative expenses 6,097 7,788 (1,691) (22 18,354 21,011 (2,657) (13 Total general and administrative expenses 11,124 11,605 (481) (4 33,428 33,071 357 1 Total 12,623 13,390 (767) (6 38,181 39,049 (868) (2 
 The operating expenses table above includes the Company's general and administrative expenses by operation, Printronix's engineering and development expenses and sales and marketing expenses, and Benchmark's general and administrative costs. Refer to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information regarding Printronix's operating expenses. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 A summary of the main drivers of the change in general and administrative expenses is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 2024 vs. 2023 (In thousands) Personnel costs and board fees (86) (155) Variable performance-based compensation costs 192 2,251 Other general and administrative costs (2,546) (3,976) General and administrative costs - industrial operations 86 (1,039) General and administrative costs - energy operations 1,024 2,292 Amortization of industrial operations intangible assets 1 Compensation expense for share-based awards (192) 206 Non-recurring employee severance costs 1,040 778 Total change in general and administrative expenses (481) 357 
 General and administrative expenses include employee compensation and related personnel costs, including variable performance based compensation and compensation expense for share-based awards, office and facilities costs, legal and accounting professional fees, public relations, stock administration, business development, fixed asset depreciation, amortization of Industrial Operations intangible assets, state taxes based on gross receipts and other corporate costs. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 The increase in variable performance-based compensation costs was primarily due to fluctuations in performance-based compensation. Compensation expense for share-based awards increased primarily due to restricted stock and option grants issued to employees and the Board of Directors in 2024 and 2023 partially offset by forfeitures. The decrease in other general and administrative costs, which relates to our parent company and Intellectual Property Operations business, were primarily due to lower legal fees. The decrease in general and administrative costs of Industrial Operations is due to Printronix's initiative to reduce costs and operate more efficiently. Non-recurring employee severance costs fluctuate based on the severance arrangements of terminated employees. In addition, our Energy Operations related general and administrative costs contributed 2.3 million of the increased expenses. Refer to additional general and administrative change explanations above. 
 
 Other Income/Expense 
 Equity Securities Investments 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (In thousands, except percentage change values) Change in fair value of equity securities (4,074) 8,823 (12,897) (146 (35,519) 18,783 (54,302) (289 Gain (loss) on sale of equity securities n/a 28,861 (9,360) 38,221 (408 Earnings on equity investment in joint venture 3,375 (3,375) (100 3,375 (3,375) (100 Total net realized and unrealized gain (4,074) 12,198 (16,272) (133 (6,658) 12,798 (19,456) (152 
 Our equity securities investments, including the Life Sciences Portfolio and trading securities portfolio, are recorded at fair value at each balance sheet date. During the first quarter of 2024, Acacia fully exited its position in Arix. Refer to periodic change explanations above. Refer to Notes 2 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information regarding our investment in the Life Sciences Portfolio and other equity securities. 
 Our results included an unrealized loss from the change in fair value of our equity securities as compared to an unrealized gain in the comparable prior period, and included realized gain from the sale of our equity securities as compared to a realized loss in the prior year. These changes were derived from our Life Sciences Portfolio and trading securities portfolio. The 2024 period unrealized loss and realized gain primarily relates to the sale of Arix shares. 
 During the third quarter of 2023, we recorded consolidated earnings on equity investment of 3.4 million for one milestone earned during the period. There were no other milestones earned during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Refer to Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information. 
 Non-recurring legacy legal expense 
 Three Months Ended March 31, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (In thousands, except percentage change values) Non-recurring legacy legal expense (2,000) (2,000) n/a (14,857) (14,857) n/a 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recorded an additional accrual of 12.9 million in connection with the AIP Matter in other income (expense) and an accrual of 2.0 million in connection with Slingshot settlement in the consolidated statements of operations. Refer to Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Income Taxes 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (In thousands, except percentage change values) Income tax (expense) benefit (5,497) 197 (5,694) (2,890 2,673 (641) 3,314 (517 Effective tax rate 89 (8) n/a 97 (11) 11 n/a (22) 
 Our income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily attributable to changes to the forecasted benefit of losses estimated for 2024. Our income tax benefit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is primarily attributable to recognizing a benefit for losses incurred year to date offset by foreign withholding taxes. Our income tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2023 is primarily attributable to recognizing an income tax benefit on losses incurred in jurisdictions for which a valuation allowance is not needed. Our income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 is primarily attributable to foreign taxes withheld and state income taxes. 
 Our 2024 effective tax rate in each period differed from the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to foreign withholding taxes which we could not recognize as a foreign tax credit and non-deductible items. Our 2023 effective tax rate in each period was lower than the U.S. federal statutory rate primarily due to expiration of foreign tax credits changes in valuation allowance, as well as non-deductible items. The effective tax rate may be subject to fluctuations during the year as new information is obtained which may affect the assumptions used to estimate the effective tax rate, including factors such as expected utilization of net operating loss carryforwards, changes in or the interpretation of tax laws in jurisdictions where the Company conducts business, the Company s expansion into new states or foreign countries, and the amount of valuation allowances against deferred tax assets. 
 The Company has recorded a partial valuation allowance against our net deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 on foreign tax credits and certain state net operating losses. Refer to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional income tax information. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 General 
 Our foreseeable material cash requirements as of September 30, 2024, are recognized as liabilities or generally are otherwise described in Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies," to the consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. Our facilities lease obligations, guarantees and certain contingent obligations are further described in Note 13 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. Historically, we have not entered into off-balance sheet financing arrangements. In addition, the obligations of Energy Operations Business related to the Benchmark Revolving Credit Facility are further described in Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The obligations of our Energy Operations Business related to the asset retirement obligations are further described in Note 9 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 
 Additional cash requirements are generally derived from our operating and investing activities including expenditures for working capital (discussed below), human capital, business development, investments in equity securities and intellectual property, and business combinations. At September 30, 2024, we had unrecognized tax benefits, as further described in Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements. 
 Certain of our operating subsidiaries are often required to engage in litigation to enforce their patents and patent rights. In connection with any of our operating subsidiaries patent enforcement actions, it is possible that a defendant may request and/or a court may rule that an operating subsidiary has violated statutory authority, regulatory authority, federal rules, local court rules, or governing standards relating to the substantive or procedural aspects of such enforcement actions. In such event, a court may issue monetary sanctions against us or our operating subsidiaries or award attorney s fees and/or expenses to a defendant(s), which could be material. 
 At September 30, 2024, our primary sources of liquidity were cash and cash equivalents on hand and cash generated from our operating activities. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 The Company s contribution to Benchmark to fund its portion of the Revolution Purchase Price and related fees for the Benchmark Transaction was 59.9 million, which was funded from cash on hand. The remainder of the Revolution Purchase Price was funded by a combination of borrowings under the Benchmark Revolving Credit Facility of approximately 82.7 million and a cash contribution of approximately 15.3 million from other investors in Benchmark, including McArron Partners. Refer to Note 2 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information regarding the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 On October 18, 2024 the Company acquired Deflecto for a purchase price of 103.7 million, which was funded with a combination of borrowings under the Deflecto Term Loan and from cash on hand. Refer to Note 1 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements for additional information. 
 Furthermore, we intend to grow our company by acquiring additional operating businesses and intellectual property assets. We expect to finance such acquisitions through cash on hand or by engaging in equity or debt financing. 
 Our management believes that our cash and cash equivalent balances and cash flows from operations will be sufficient to meet our cash requirements through at least twelve months from the date of this Quarterly Report and for the foreseeable future. We may, however, encounter unforeseen difficulties that may deplete our capital resources more rapidly than anticipated, including those set forth under Item 1A, Risk Factors of our 2023 Annual Report. Any efforts to seek additional funding could be made through issuances of equity or debt, or other external financing. However, additional funding may not be available to us on favorable terms, or at all. The capital and credit markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruption in recent years, and the volatility and impact of the disruption may continue. At times during this period, the volatility and disruption has reached unprecedented levels. In several cases, the markets have exerted downward pressure on stock prices and credit capacity for certain issuers, and the commercial paper markets may not be a reliable source of short-term financing for us. If we fail to obtain additional financing when needed, we may not be able to execute our business plans and our business, conducted by our operating subsidiaries, may suffer. 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Investments 
 Our consolidated cash, cash equivalents and equity securities totaled 374.2 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 403.2 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Cash Flows Summary 
 The net change in cash and cash equivalents for the periods presented was comprised of the following: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Net cash provided (used) by: Operating activities 70,384 (17,962) Investing activities (117,067) 8,617 Financing activities 66,577 66,351 Effect of exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 65 (59) Increase in cash and cash equivalents 19,959 56,947 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities were comprised of the following for the periods presented: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Net loss including noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries (20,675) (6,570) Adjustments to reconcile net loss including noncontrolling interests in subsidiaries to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation, depletion and amortization 21,735 10,152 Accretion of asset retirement obligation 620 Change in fair values Series A redeemable convertible preferred stock embedded derivatives and Series B warrants (6,716) Gain on exercise of Series B warrants (1,525) Compensation expense for share-based awards 2,530 2,324 Loss (gain) on foreign currency exchange 72 (25) Change in fair value of equity securities 35,519 (18,783) (Gain) loss on sale of equity securities (28,861) 9,360 Unrealized gain on derivatives (3,918) Earnings on equity investment in joint venture (3,375) Deferred income taxes (5,509) (1,063) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable 69,710 2,982 Inventories (1,297) 1,847 Prepaid expenses and other assets (3,373) (1,395) Accounts payable and accrued expenses 8,129 (5,623) Royalties and contingent legal fees payable (4,593) 597 Deferred revenue 295 (149) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 70,384 (17,962) 
 Cash receipts from ARG's licensees totaled 90.9 million and 6.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Cash receipts from Printronix's customers totaled 23.8 million and 28.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Cash receipts from Benchmark's customers totaled 37.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The fluctuations in cash receipts for the periods presented primarily reflects the corresponding fluctuations in revenues recognized during the same periods, as described above, and the related timing of payments received from licensees and customers. 
 Our reported cash provided by operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 70.4 million, compared to cash used in operations of 18.0 million in the comparable prior period. The increase in cash provided by operations was primarily due to net inflows from the total changes in assets and liabilities (refer to Working Capital discussion below), decrease in accounts receivable, increase in inventories, increase in prepaid expense and other assets, increase in accounts payable, decrease in royalties and contingent legal fees payable and by the total change in net income (described above) and related noncash adjustments. 
 Working Capital 
 Our working capital related to cash flows from operating activities at September 30, 2024 decreased to 18.8 million, compared to 87.0 million at December 31, 2023, which was comprised of the changes in assets and liabilities presented above. The decrease is primarily due to change in accounts receivable and royalties and contingent legal fees payable, which is related to the timing of the cash receipts related to Intellectual Property Operations Business, partially offset by the increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities related to our Energy Operations Business. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Cash flows from investing activities were comprised of the following for the periods presented: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Patent acquisition (14,000) Purchases of equity securities (15,544) (8,678) Sales of equity securities 57,854 15,198 Distributions received from equity investment in joint venture 2,249 Net purchases of property and equipment and additions to oil and gas properties (145,377) (152) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities (117,067) 8,617 
 Cash outflows from investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 117.1 million, as compared to cash inflow of 8.6 million in the comparable prior period, primarily due to the acquisition of oil and gas properties in the Transaction and net cash inflows from our trading securities portfolio equity securities transactions and sale of Arix shares. Refer to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information regarding the Transaction. Refer to Other Income/Expense Equity Securities Investments above and Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information related to Life Sciences Portfolio. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Cash flows from financing activities included the following for the periods presented: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Repurchase of common stock (7,303) Paydown of Senior Secured Notes (60,000) Contributions from noncontrolling interest 15,250 Borrowings on the Revolving credit facility 71,475 Paydown of Revolving Credit Facility (12,000) Dividend on Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock (1,400) Taxes paid related to net share settlement of share-based awards (1,068) (595) Proceeds from Rights Offering 79,111 Proceeds from exercise of Series B warrants 49,000 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 223 235 Net cash provided by financing activities 66,577 66,351 
 Cash flows from financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased to 66.6 million, as compared to cash flow of 66.4 million in the comparable prior period, primarily due to contributions from noncontrolling interest related to the Revolution Transaction and net cash inflows from borrowings on the Benchmark Revolving Credit Facility partially offset by the repurchase of common stock. Refer to Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information regarding the Revolution Transaction. Refer to Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information regarding the repurchase of common stock. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. In preparing these financial statements, we make assumptions, judgments and estimates that involve a significant level of estimation uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. We base our assumptions, judgments and estimates on historical experience and 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 various other factors that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ materially from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. On a regular basis, we evaluate our assumptions, judgments and estimates and make changes accordingly. 
 We believe that of the significant accounting policies discussed in Note 2 included in our 2023 Annual Report, the following accounting policies require our most difficult, subjective or complex assumptions, judgments and estimates: 
 revenue recognition; 
 estimates of crude oil and natural gas reserves; 
 valuation of long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangible assets; and 
 accounting for income taxes. 
 Our critical accounting estimates have not changed materially from those disclosed in the Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our 2023 Annual Report. For further information on the significant accounting policies related to the revenue recognition, estimates of crude oil and natural gas reserves, valuation of long-lived assets, goodwill and other intangible assets and income taxes, refer to Note 2 to the consolidated financial statements and other related significant account policies included in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 2 to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere herein. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The primary objective of our short-term investment activities is to preserve principal while concurrently maximizing the income we receive from our equity securities without significantly increasing risk. Some of the securities that we invest in may be subject to interest rate risk and/or market risk. This means that a change in prevailing interest rates, with respect to interest rate risk, or a change in the value of the United States equity markets, with respect to market risk, may cause the principal amount or market value of the equity securities to fluctuate. For example, if we hold a security that was issued with a fixed interest rate at the then-prevailing rate and the prevailing interest rate later rises, the current value of the principal amount of our investment may decline. To minimize these risks in the future, we intend to maintain our portfolio of cash equivalents and equity securities in a variety of securities. Cash equivalents are comprised of investments in U.S. treasury securities and AAA rated money market funds that invest in first-tier only securities, which primarily include domestic commercial paper and securities issued or guaranteed by the U.S. government or its agencies. In general, money market funds are not subject to market risk because the interest paid on such funds fluctuates with the prevailing interest rate. Accordingly, a 100 basis point increase in interest rates or a 10 decline in the value of the United States equity markets would not be expected to have a material impact on the value of such money market funds. Declines in interest rates over time will, however, reduce our interest income. 
 Investment Risk 
 We are exposed to investment risks related to changes in the underlying financial condition of certain of our equity investments in technology companies. The fair value of these investments can be significantly impacted by the risk of adverse changes in securities markets generally, as well as risks related to the performance of the companies whose securities we have invested in, risks associated with specific industries, and other factors. These investments are subject to significant fluctuations in fair value due to the volatility of the securities markets and of the underlying businesses. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying value of our equity investments in public and private companies was 50.9 million and 99.8 million, respectively. 
 We record our equity investments in publicly traded companies at fair value, which are subject to market price volatility. As of September 30, 2024, a hypothetical 10 adverse change in the market price of our investments in publicly traded common stock would have resulted in a decrease of approximately 1.4 million in such equity investments. We evaluate our equity investments in private companies for impairment when events and circumstances indicate that the decline in fair value of such assets below the carrying value is other-than temporary. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Risk 
 Although we historically have not had material foreign operations, we are also exposed to market risks related to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates between the U.S. dollar, and the British Pound and Euro currency exchange rates, primarily related to foreign cash accounts. As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any foreign denominated equity securities. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. 
 Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure, and that such information is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods prescribed by the SEC. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all error and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of the effectiveness of controls to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 In the ordinary course of business, we or our various businesses and operations are the subject of, or party to, various pending or threatened legal actions, including various counterclaims in connection with patent enforcement activities. We believe that any liability arising from these actions will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. See Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information. 
 Intellectual Property Operations 
 Our Intellectual Property Operations Business is often required to engage in litigation to enforce its patents and patent rights. Certain of its operating subsidiaries are parties to ongoing patent enforcement related litigation, alleging infringement by third-parties of certain of the patented technologies owned or controlled by its operating subsidiaries. 
 In connection with any of its patent enforcement actions, it is possible that a defendant may claim and/or a court may rule that our Intellectual Property Operations Business has violated statutory authority, regulatory authority, federal rules, local court rules, or governing standards relating to the substantive or procedural aspects of such enforcement actions. In such event, a court may issue monetary sanctions against it or its operating subsidiaries or award attorney s fees and/or expenses to a defendant(s), which could be material, and if required to be paid by it or its operating subsidiaries, could materially harm its operating results and its financial position. 
 Our Intellectual Property Operations Business spends a significant amount of its financial and management resources to pursue its current litigation matters. These litigation matters and others that it may in the future determine to pursue could continue for years and continue to consume significant financial and management resources. The counterparties to its litigation matters are sometimes large, well-financed companies with substantially greater resources. We cannot assure you that any of our Intellectual Property Operations Business current or future litigation matters will result in a favorable outcome for it. In addition, in part due to the appeals process and other legal processes, even if our Intellectual Property Operations Business obtains favorable interim rulings or verdicts in particular litigation matters, they may not be predictive of the ultimate resolution of the dispute. Also, we cannot assure you that our Intellectual Property Operations Business will not be exposed to claims or sanctions against it which may be costly or impossible for it to defend. Unfavorable or adverse outcomes may result in losses, exhaustion of financial resources or other adverse effects which could encumber our Intellectual Property Operations Business s ability to effectively and efficiently monetize its assets. Refer to Note 13 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information related to legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 An investment in our common stock involves risks. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider all of the information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including in Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as our consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes thereto. In addition, you should carefully consider the risks and uncertainties in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report, as well as in our other public filings with the SEC. If any of the identified risks are realized, our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects could be materially and adversely affected. In that case, the trading price of our common stock may decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. In addition, other risks of which we are currently unaware, or which we do not currently view as material, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, operating results and prospects. There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously reported in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities (1) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased under the Program (In thousands) July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 676,775 4.68 676,775 16,833 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 860,347 4.72 860,347 12,769 Total 1,537,122 4.70 1,537,122 
 (1) On November 9, 2023, the Board approved a stock repurchase program (the Repurchase Program for up to 20.0 million of the Company's common stock, subject to a cap of 5,800,000 shares of common stock. The Repurchase Program has no time limit and does not require the repurchase of a minimum number of shares. The common stock may be repurchased on the open market, in block trades, or in privately negotiated transactions, including under plans complying with the provisions of Rule 10b5-1 and Rule 10b-18 of the Exchange Act. Between October 1, 2024 and November 7, 2024, we repurchased a total of 1,470,172 shares at an average price per share of 4.61. Under the Repurchase Program as of November 7, 2024, we have repurchased a total of 3,007,294 shares at an average price per share of 4.65, and 6.0 million may yet be purchased under the Repurchase Program, subject to the aggregate cap for the Repurchase Program of 5,800,000 shares of common stock. Refer to Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements elsewhere herein for additional information. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) of Acacia Research Corporation , modified or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 EXHIBIT NUMBER EXHIBIT 2.1 Stock Purchase Agreement dated as of October 18, 2024, by and among Deflecto Holdco LLC, as Purchaser, Deflecto Holdings, LLC and Evriholder Finance LLC (collectively, the "Sellers"), Deflecto A c quisition, Inc. and the Sellers' Representative named therein (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 21, 2024) 
 10.1 Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated October 18, 2024, among Deflecto, LLC, as Borrower, the other Loan Parties thereto, the Lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report 8-K filed on October 21, 2024) 
 10.2 2024 Acacia Research Corporation Stock Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the Company's Definitive Proxy Statement filed on April 19, 2024). 
 31.1# Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 31.2# Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)/15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b)/15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 101# The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Series A Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 
 104# Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL and included in Exhibit 101) 
 _________________________ 
 # Filed herewith. 
 The referenced exhibit is a management contract, compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, shall not be deemed filed by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act and are not to be incorporated by reference into any of the Registrant s filings under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in any such filing. 
 This filing excludes certain schedules and exhibits pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, which the registrant agrees to furnish supplementally to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request; provided, however, that the registrant may request confidential treatment for any schedules or exhibits so furnished. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 ACACIA RESEARCH CORPORATION Date: November 12, 2024 
 /s/ Martin D. McNulty Jr. By: Martin D. McNulty Jr. 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer and Duly Authorized Signatory) Date: November 12, 2024 
 /s/ Kirsten Hoover By: Kirsten Hoover Interim Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Accounting Officer) 
 69 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 actg-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Martin D. McNulty Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Acacia Research Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a). Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b). Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c). Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d). Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5.The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a). All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 s Martin D. McNulty Jr. Martin D. McNulty Jr. Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 actg-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Kirsten Hoover, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Acacia Research Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a). Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b). Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c). Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d). Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a). All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b). Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 s Kirsten Hoover Kirsten Hoover Interim Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 actg-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Acacia Research Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2024 (the Report ), I, Martin D. McNulty Jr., Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)) and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 By s Martin D. McNulty Jr. Martin D. McNulty Jr. Chief Executive Officer 
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 actg-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Acacia Research Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 12, 2024 (the Report ), I, Kirsten Hoover, Interim Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m(a) or 78o(d)) and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 By s Kirsten Hoover Kirsten Hoover Interim Chief Financial Officer 
 This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and shall not be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section. This certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates it by reference. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 actg-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 actg-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 actg-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 actg-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 actg-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

