<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241220_10-Q_edgar_data_6955_0000006955-24-000054.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6775779</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>74173</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1256651</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2338074</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1581561</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1376366</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000006955-24-000054.hdr.sgml : 20241220
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241220124121
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000006955-24-000054
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241130
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241220
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241220

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000006955
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISC INDUSTRIAL & COMMERCIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3590]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				390168610
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			WI
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0831

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11288
		FILM NUMBER:		241566432

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		N86 W12500 WESTBROOK CROSSING
		CITY:			MENOMONEE FALLS
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53051
		BUSINESS PHONE:		262-293-1500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		N86 W12500 WESTBROOK CROSSING
		CITY:			MENOMONEE FALLS
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53051

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACTUANT CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20010110

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	APPLIED POWER INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	APPLIED POWER INDUSTRIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19730123

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000006955-24-000054.txt : 20241220

10-Q
 1
 epac-20241130.htm
 10-Q

epac-20241130 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended November 30, 2024 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Id. No.) 
 
 , WISCONSIN 
 Mailing address: P. O. Box 3241, Milwaukee, Wisconsin 53201 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Ticker Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated Filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act.): Yes No 
 The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s Class A Common Stock as of December 16, 2024 was . 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page No. Forward-Looking Statements and Cautionary Factors 
 1 
 Part I Financial Information 
 Item 1 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 
 Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 22 
 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
 23 
 Part II Other Information 
 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 24 
 Item 5 Other Information 
 24 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 25 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS AND CAUTIONARY FACTORS 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains certain statements that constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 that involve risks and uncertainties. The terms may, should, could, anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, objective, plan, project and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements include statements regarding expected financial results and other planned events, including, but not limited to, anticipated liquidity, anticipated restructuring costs and related savings, anticipated future charges and anticipated capital expenditures. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual future events or results may differ materially from these statements. We disclaim any obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements as a result of new information, future events or any other reason. 
 The following is a list of factors, among others, that could cause actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements: 
 supply chain issues, including shortages of adequate component supply or that increase our costs or cause delays in our ability to fulfill orders; 
 failure to estimate customer demand properly may result or could have an adverse impact on our business and operating results and our relationship with customers; 
 the deterioration of, or instability in, the domestic and international economy and challenging end-market conditions, including as a result of geopolitical activity, including but not limited to, the invasion of Ukraine by Russia and international sanctions imposed in response thereto, as well as armed conflicts in the Middle East; 
 decreased demand from customers in the oil gas industry, including as a result of significant volatility in oil prices resulting from disruptions in the oil markets and imposition of climate-related laws and regulations that disadvantage the oil gas industry; 
 uncertainty over global tariffs or the financial impact of tariffs, which could be affected by the outcome of the 2024 U.S. presidential election; 
 our ability to maintain operational improvements from our continuous improvement program and from prior restructuring actions; 
 1 

logistics challenges, such as global freight capacity shortages, significant increases in freight costs or other delays in our ability to fulfill orders, including as a result of attacks on commercial ships in the Red Sea and adverse weather conditions; 
 failure to collect on accounts receivable, including in certain foreign jurisdictions where sales are concentrated to a limited number of distributors or agents; 
 risks related to our reliance on independent agents and distributors for the distribution and service of products; 
 a significant failure in our information technology (IT) infrastructure, such as unauthorized access to financial and other sensitive data or cybersecurity threats; 
 a material disruption at a significant manufacturing facility; 
 competition in the markets we serve; 
 currency exchange rate fluctuations, export and import restrictions, transportation disruptions or shortages, and other risks inherent in our international operations; 
 regulatory and legal developments, including litigation, such as product liability and warranty claims, and contractual exposure to liabilities; 
 unfavorable tax law changes may adversely affect results; 
 failure to develop new products and the extent of market acceptance of new products and price increases; 
 our ability to execute on our growth strategy; 
 our ability to successfully identify, consummate and integrate acquisitions and realize anticipated benefits/results from acquired companies as part of our portfolio management process; 
 the effects of divestitures and/or discontinued operations, including retained liabilities from, or indemnification obligations with respect to, disposed businesses; 
 if the operating performance of our businesses were to fall significantly below normalized levels, the potential for a non-cash impairment charge of goodwill and/or other intangible assets, as they represent a substantial amount of our total assets; 
 a global economic recession; 
 the impact of elevated interest rates and material, labor, or overhead cost increases; 
 our ability to comply with the covenants in our debt agreements and fluctuations in interest rates; 
 our ability to attract, develop, and retain qualified employees; 
 inadequate intellectual property protection or infringement of the intellectual property of others; 
 our ability to access capital markets; and 
 other matters, including those of a political, economic, business, competitive and regulatory nature contained from time to time in our U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") filings, including, but not limited to, those factors listed in the "Risk Factors" section within Item 1A of Part I of our Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended August 31, 2024 filed with the SEC on October 21, 2024 (the fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K ). 
 When used herein, the terms we, us, our and the Company refer to Enerpac Tool Group Corp. and its subsidiaries. Reference to fiscal years, such as "fiscal 2025," are to the fiscal year ending on August 31 of the specified year. Enerpac Tool Group Corp. provides free-of-charge access to its Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments thereto, through its website, www.enerpactoolgroup.com, as soon as reasonably practicable after such reports are electronically filed with the SEC. 
 2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1 Financial Statements 
 
 ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EARNINGS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended November 30, 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of products sold Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Amortization of intangible assets Restructuring charges Impairment divestiture charges Operating profit Financing costs, net Other expense, net Earnings before income tax expense Income tax expense Net earnings from continuing operations Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes ) Net earnings Earnings per share from continuing operations Basic Diluted Earnings (loss) per share from discontinued operations Basic ) Diluted ) Earnings per share Basic Diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended November 30, 2024 2023 Net earnings Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Pension and other postretirement benefit plans Cash flow hedges ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) Comprehensive income 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) November 30, 2024 August 31, 2024 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other long-term assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities Current maturities of long-term debt Trade accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Income taxes payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net Deferred income taxes Pension and postretirement benefit liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity Class A common stock, 0.20 par value per share, authorized 168,000,000 shares, issued 54,400,217 and 54,234,660 shares, respectively Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Stock held in trust ) ) Deferred compensation liability Total shareholders' equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended November 30, 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net earnings Less: Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes ) Net earnings from continuing operations Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities - continuing operations: Impairment divestiture charges Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Provision (benefit) for deferred income taxes ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Other non-cash expenses Changes in components of working capital and other, excluding acquisitions and divestitures: Accounts receivable Inventories ) ) Trade accounts payable ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Income tax accounts Accrued compensation and benefits ) ) Other accrued liabilities ) ) Cash provided by (used in) operating activities - continuing operations ) Cash used in operating activities - discontinued operations ) Cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) Cash paid for business acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Purchase of business assets ) Cash used in investing activities - continuing operations ) ) Cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Borrowings on revolving credit facility Principal repayments on revolving credit facility ) ) Principal repayments on term loan ) ) Purchase of treasury shares ) ) Taxes paid related to the net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Stock option exercises other Payment of cash dividend ) ) Cash (used in) provided by financing activities - continuing operations ) Cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents - beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents - end of period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

NOTES TO THE CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Pension and other postretirement benefit plans Cash flow hedges ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 Machinery and equipment Gross property, plant and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 
 
 Provision for warranties Warranty payments and costs incurred ) ) Impact of changes in foreign currency rates ) Ending balance 
 7 

Revenues recognized over time Total 
 Contract assets, which are included in other current assets Contract liabilities, which are included in other current liabilities 
 Receivables: The Company performs its obligations under a contract with a customer by transferring goods or services in exchange for consideration from the customer. The Company typically invoices its customers as soon as control of an asset is transferred and a receivable for the Company is established. Accounts receivable, net is recorded at face amount of customer receivables less an allowance for doubtful accounts. The Company maintains an allowance for doubtful accounts for expected losses as a result of customers inability to make required payments. Management evaluates the aging of customer receivable balances, the financial condition of its customers, historical trends and the time outstanding of specific balances to estimate the amount of receivables that may be collected in the future and records the appropriate provision. The allowance for doubtful accounts was million and million at November 30, 2024 and August 31, 2024, respectively. 
 As indicated in the "Concentration of Credit Risk" section below, as of November 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company was exposed to a concentration of credit risk with an agent as a result of its continued payment delinquency. As of November 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had a total bad debt reserve of million related to this agent. The allowance for doubtful accounts for this particular agent as of November 30, 2024 represents management's best estimate of the amount probable of collection and considers various factors with the respect to this matter, including, but not limited to: (i) the lack of payment by the agent since the fiscal quarter ended February 28, 2021; (ii) our due diligence on balances due to the agent from its end customers related to sales of our services and 
 8 

of the Company's outstanding accounts receivable. As of November 30, 2024, the Company has fully reserved for the amounts due from this agent. 
 Contract Assets: Contract assets relate to the Company s rights to consideration for work completed but not billed as of the reporting date on contracts with customers. The contract assets are transferred to receivables when the rights become unconditional. The Company has contract assets on contracts that are generally long-term and have revenues that are recognized over time. 
 Contract Liabilities: As of November 30, 2024, the Company had certain contracts where there were unsatisfied performance obligations and the Company had received cash consideration from customers before the performance obligations were satisfied . The majority of these contracts relate to long-term customer contracts (project durations of greater than three months) and are recognized over time. The Company estimates that substantially all of the million of contract liabilities will be recognized in net sales from satisfying those performance obligations within the next twelve months. 
 Timing of Performance Obligations Satisfied at a Point in Time: The Company evaluates when the customer obtains control of the product based on shipping terms, as control will transfer, depending upon such terms, at different points between the Company's manufacturing facility or warehouse and the customer s location. The Company considers control to have transferred upon shipment or delivery because (i) the Company has a present right to payment at that time; (ii) the legal title has been transferred to the customer; (iii) the Company has transferred physical possession of the product to the customer; and (iv) the customer has significant risks and rewards of ownership of the product. 
 Variable Consideration: The Company estimates whether it will be subject to variable consideration under the terms of the contract and includes its estimate of variable consideration in the transaction price based on the expected value method when it is deemed probable of being realized based on historical experience and trends. Types of variable consideration may include rebates, incentives and discounts, among others, which are recorded as a reduction to net sales at the time when control of a performance obligation is transferred to the customer. 
 Practical Expedients Exemptions: The Company elected to expense the incremental cost to obtaining a contract when the amortization period for such contracts would be one year or less. The Company does not disclose the value of unperformed obligations for (i) contracts with an original expected length of one year or less and (ii) contracts for which it recognizes revenue at the amount to which it has the right to invoice for services performed. 
 
 to million of annual operating profit once fully implemented. ASCEND's key initiatives included accelerating organic growth strategies, improving operational excellence and production efficiency by utilizing a Lean approach, and driving greater efficiency and productivity in selling, general and administrative ("SG A") expense by better leveraging resources to create a more efficient and agile organization. 
 At that time, the Company anticipated investing to million through the end of fiscal 2024 to complete these actions. 
 In June 2022, the Company approved a restructuring plan in connection with the initiatives identified as part of the ASCEND transformation program to drive greater efficiency and productivity in global SG A resources. The total costs of this plan were then estimated at to million, constituting predominately severance and other employee-related costs to be incurred as cash expenditures and impacting both IT S and Corporate (see Note 4, "Restructuring Charges," ). These costs were incorporated into the initial investment of to million. 
 In September 2022, the Company approved an update to the restructuring plan to a cost range of to million; these costs were still incorporated into the initial investment value and the range did not change at that time. 
 In March 2023, the investment range increased from the initial to million, to to million inclusive of the to million of the previously announced restructuring over the life of the program. 
 million in the three months ended November 30, 2023 , with no expenses in the three months ended November 30, 2024, as the ASCEND program ended at August 31, 2024 . Of the total ASCEND program expenses for the three months ended November 30, 2023 , million were recorded within SG A expenses and approximately million were recorded within cost of goods sold . Additionally, for the three months ended November 30, 2023, million of ASCEND expenses were recorded within restructuring expenses (see Note 4, Restructuring Charges 
 9 

to million, constituting predominately severance and other employee-related costs to be incurred as cash expenditures and impacting both IT S and Corporate. 
 In September 2022, the Company approved an update to the restructuring plan to a range of to million; these costs were still incorporated into the initial investment value and the range did not change at that time. 
 The Company recorded million of restructuring charges associated with the ASCEND transformation program in the three months ended November 30, 2023. No restructuring charges associated with the ASCEND transformation program were recorded in the three months ended November 30, 2024 as the ASCEND program ended at August 31, 2024 . 
 Cash payments ) ) Impact of changes in foreign currency rates ) Balance as of November 30, 2024 
 Three Months Ended November 30, 2023 IT S Corporate Balance as of August 31, 2023 Restructuring charges Cash payments ) ) Balance as of November 30, 2023 
 Total restructuring charges (inclusive of the Other operating segment) were million in the three months ended November 30, 2023 , being reported, in "Restructuring charges." There were no restructuring charges in the three months ended November 30, 2024. 
 
 million plus potential earn-out to be paid at the end of the third year following the acquisition that is tied to the achievement of certain financial objectives with a maximum total purchase price of million. The acquisition was funded with both cash on hand and borrowings from our existing credit facility . Due to the timing of the business combination and the nature of the net assets acquired, at November 30, 2024, the valuation process to determine the fair value is not complete and further adjustments are expected. The Company has estimated the preliminary fair value of net assets acquired based on information currently available and will continue to adjust those estimates as additional information becomes available. A t November 30, 2024 the company recognized million of goodwill and million of property, plant and equipment as part of this acquisition. A fair value estimate has not yet been recorded for the earn-out or for identifiable intangible assets, as sufficient information is not yet available to make reliable estimates. The entire difference between the initial purchase price and the estimate of the fair value of tangible net assets is currently recorded in goodwill. As the Company finalizes the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, additiona l purchase price allocation adjustments will be recorded 
 10 

million for the three months ended November 30, 2024 

DTA Acquisition Impact of changes in foreign currency rates ) ) Balance as of November 30, 2024 
 Patents Trademarks and tradenames Indefinite lived intangible assets: Tradenames N/A 
 million for the remaining nine months of fiscal 2025. Amortization expense for future years is estimated to be: million in fiscal 2026, million in fiscal 2027, million in fiscal 2028, million in fiscal 2029, million in fiscal 2030 and million cumulatively thereafter. The future amortization expense amounts represent estimates and may be impacted by future acquisitions, divestitures, or changes in foreign currency exchange rates, among other causes. 
 
 Term Loan Total Senior Indebtedness Less: Current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Total long-term debt, less current maturities 
 11 

million senior credit facility, comprised of a million revolving line of credit and a million term loan, which is scheduled to mature in September 2027. The Company has the option to request up to million of additional revolving commitments and/or term loans under the new facility, subject to customary conditions, including the commitment of the participating lenders. This facility replaces LIBOR with adjusted term SOFR as the interest rate benchmark and provides for interest rate margins above adjusted term SOFR ranging from to per annum depending on the Company s net leverage ratio. In addition, a non-use fee is payable quarterly on the average unused amount of the revolving line of credit ranging from to per annum, based on the Company's net leverage. Borrowings under the credit facility bear interest at adjusted term SOFR plus per annum. 
 The facility contains financial covenants requiring the Company to not permit (i) the net leverage ratio, determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters, to exceed to (or, at the Company s election and subject to certain conditions, to for the covenants period during which certain material acquisitions occur and the next succeeding four testing periods) or (ii) the interest coverage ratio, determined as of the end of each of its fiscal quarters, to be less than to . Borrowings under the facility are secured by substantially all personal property assets of the Company and its domestic subsidiary guarantors (other than certain specified excluded assets) and certain of the equity interests of certain subsidiaries of the Company. The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the credit facility at November 30, 2024. 
 At November 30, 2024, there were 193.8 million in borrowings outstanding under the term loans, borrowings outstanding under the revolving line of credit and million available for borrowing under the revolving line of credit facility after reduction for million of outstanding letters of credit issued under the facility. 
 
 million and a net liability of million at November 30, 2024 and August 31, 2024, respectively. 
 million at November 30, 2024, respectively, and an asset of less than million and a liability of million at August 31, 2024, respectively, (see Note 9, Derivatives 
 
 million and million at November 30, 2024 and August 31, 2024, respectively. The fair value of outstanding foreign currency exch ange contracts was a net asset of less than million and net liability of million at November 30, 2024 and August 31, 2024, respectively. 
 12 

During December 2022, the Company entered into an interest rate swap, with a maturity date of November 30, 2025, for the notional amount of million at a fixed interest rate of to hedge the floating interest rate of the Company's term loan. The interest rate swap was designated and qualified as a cash flow hedge. The Company uses the interest rate swap for the management of interest rate risk exposure, as the interest rate swap effectively converts a portion of the Company's debt from a floating rate to a fixed rate. 
 The Company records the fair value of the interest rate swap as an asset or liability on its balance sheet. The change in the fair value of the interest rate swap, a net gain of less than million and a net loss of million for three months ended November 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, is recorded in other comprehensive income. 
 million. On October 28, 2024, the Company entered into an incremental cross-currency swap designated as a net investment hedge with a notional amount of million. The change in the fair value of the net investment hedges, a net gain of million and a net loss of less than million for the three months ended November 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, 
 
 shares of common stock for million. The Company suspended the initial share repurchase program in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. In March 2022, the Company's Board of Directors rescinded its prior share repurchase authorization and approved a new share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of a total of shares of the Company's outstanding common stock. In December 2023, the Company's Board of Directors authorized the retirement of the Company's repurchased shares, and shares repurchased after December 18, 2023 are retired upon repurchase. The Company repurchased and retired shares for million in the three months ended November 30, 2024. The maximum number of shares that may yet be purchased under the program is shares. 
 
 13 

Earnings (loss) from discontinued operations, net of income taxes ) Net earnings Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Net effect of dilutive securities - stock based compensation plans Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted Earnings per share from continuing operations Basic Diluted Earnings (loss) per share from discontinued operations Basic ) Diluted ) Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Anti-dilutive securities from stock based compensation plans (excluded from earnings per share calculation) The total of Earnings per share from continuing operations and Loss per share from discontinued operations may not equal Earnings per share due to rounding. 

14 

) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of tax ) ) Stock contribution to employee benefit plans and other Vesting of equity awards ) Cash dividend 0.04 per share) Stock based compensation expense Stock option exercises Tax effect related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Stock issued to, acquired for and distributed from rabbi trust ) Treasury stock repurchased and retired ) ) ) ) Balance at November 30, 2024 ) ) 
 The following table illustrates the changes in the balances of each component of shareholders' equity for the three months ended November 30, 2023 (in thousands): 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Treasury Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Stock Held in Trust Deferred Compensation Liability Total Shareholders Equity Issued Shares Amount Balance at August 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net earnings Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock contribution to employee benefit plans and other Vesting of equity awards ) Cash dividend 0.04 per share) Treasury stock repurchases ) ) Stock based compensation expense Stock option exercises Tax effect related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Stock issued to, acquired for and distributed from rabbi trust ) Balance at November 30, 2023 ) ) ) 

Income tax expense Effective income tax rate 
 The Company s earnings from continuing operations before income taxes include earnings from both U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. As several foreign tax rates are higher than the U.S. tax rate of , the annual effective tax rate is impacted by foreign 
 15 

, compared to for the comparable prior-year period. The effective tax rate in each time period was impacted by year-to-date losses and deductions in jurisdictions where no tax benefit can be realized. The lower effective tax rate for the three months ended November 30, 2024 was primarily driven by the more favorable tax impact of stock compensation in comparison to the prior period. Both the current and prior-year effective income tax rates include the impact of non-recurring items. 
 
 Service Rental Other Segment Operating Profit (Loss) IT S Segment Other Segment Corporate ) ) 
 November 30, 2024 August 31, 2024 Assets IT S Segment Other Segment Corporate 
 
 In addition to the impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates, the comparability of segment and product line information is impacted by acquisition/divestiture activities, impairment and divestiture charges, restructuring costs and related benefits. Corporate assets, which are not allocated, principally represent cash and cash equivalents, property, plant and equipment, Right of Use ("ROU") assets, capitalized debt issuance costs and deferred income taxes. 
 16 

million and surety bonds of million at November 30, 2024 and million of letters of credit and million of surety bonds at August 31, 2024, the majority of which relate to commercial contracts and self-insured workers' compensation programs. 
 As part of the Company's global sourcing strategy, we have en tered into agreements with certain suppliers that require the supplier to maintain minimum levels of inventory to support certain products for which we require a short lead time to fulfill customer orders. We have the ability to notify the supplier that they no longer need maintain the minimum level of inventory should we discontinue manufacturing of a product during the contract period; however, we must purchase the remaining minimum inventory levels the supplier was required to maintain within a defined period of time. 
 The Company is a party to various legal proceedings that have arisen in the normal course of business. These legal proceedings include regulatory matters, product liability, breaches of contract, employment, personal injury and other disputes. The Company has recorded reserves for loss contingencies based on the specific circumstances of each case. Such reserves are recorded when it is probable a loss has been incurred and can be reasonably estimated. The Company maintains a policy to exclude from such reserves an estimate of legal defense costs. In the opinion of management, resolution of these contingencies is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Additionally, in fiscal 2019, the Company provided voluntary self-disclosures to both Dutch and U.S. authorities related to sales of products and services linked to the Crimea region of Ukraine, which potentially violated European Union and U.S. sanctions provisions. Although the U.S. investigation closed without further implication, the Dutch investigation continued. The Dutch Investigator concluded his investigation in March 2022 and provided the results to the Public Prosecutor's office for review. Specifically, the Investigator concluded that the sales transactions violated EU sanctions. The conclusion in the Investigator's report was consistent with the Company's understanding of what could be stated in the report and supported the Company to record an expense in the fiscal year-ended August 31, 2021, representing the low end of a reasonable range of financial penalties the Company may incur as no other point within the range was deemed more probable. The Company has not adjusted its estimate of financial penalties as a result of the completion of the investigation in the three months ended November 30, 2024. While there can be no assurance of the ultimate outcome of the matter, the Company currently believes that there will be no material adverse effect on the Company's financial position, results of operations or cash flows from this matter. 
 
 to years and may contain renewal options for periods up to years at our discretion. Operating leases are recorded as operating lease ROU assets in Other long-term assets and operating lease liabilities in Other current liabilitie s and Other long-term liabilities of the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. There have been no material changes to our operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabil ities during the three months ended November 30, 2024 . 
 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities: Operating leases 
 
 17 

Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Enerpac Tool Group Corp. is a premier industrial tools, services, technology, and solutions provider serving a broad and diverse set of customers and end markets for mission-critical applications in more than 100 countries. Enerpac Tool Group's businesses are global leaders in providing high pressure hydraulic tools, controlled force products and solutions for precise positioning of heavy loads that help customers safely and reliably tackle some of the most challenging jobs around the world. The Company was founded in 1910 and is headquartered in Menomonee Falls, Wisconsin. During fiscal 2025, the Company is scheduled to relocate our headquarters to Milwaukee, Wisconsin. The Company has one reportable segment, the Industrial Tools Services Segment ("IT S"). The IT S segment is primarily engaged in the design, manufacture and distribution of branded hydraulic and mechanical tools and in providing services and tool rental to the refinery/petrochemical; general industrial; industrial maintenance, repair and operations MRO ), machining manufacturing; power generation, infrastructure, mining and other markets. Financial information related to the Company's reportable segment is included in Note 12, Segment Information in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. The Company has an Other operating segment, which does not meet the criteria to be considered a reportable segment. 
 Our businesses provide an array of products and services across multiple markets and geographies, which results in significant diversification. The IT S segment and the Company are well-positioned to drive shareholder value through a sustainable business strategy built on well-established brands, broad global distribution and end markets, clear focus on the core tools and services business and disciplined capital deployment. 
 Our Business Model 
 Our long-term goal is to create sustainable returns for our shareholders through above-market growth in our core business, expanding our margins, generating strong cash flow, and being disciplined in the deployment of our capital. We intend to grow through execution of our organic growth strategy, focused on key vertical markets that benefit from long-term macro trends, driving customer driven innovation, expansion of our digital ecosystem to acquire and engage customers, and an expansion in emerging markets such as Asia Pacific. In addition to organic growth, we also focus on margin expansion through operational efficiency techniques, including lean, continuous improvement and 80/20, to drive productivity and lower costs, as well as optimizing our selling, general and administrative expenses through consolidation and shared service implementation. We also apply these techniques and pricing actions to offset commodity increases and inflationary pricing. Finally, cash flow generation is critical to achieving our financial and long-term strategic objectives. We believe driving profitable growth and margin expansion will result in cash flow generation, which we seek to supplement through minimizing primary working capital. We intend to allocate the cash flow that results from the execution of our strategy in a disciplined way toward investment in our businesses, maintaining our strong balance sheet, disciplined M A and opportunistically returning capital to shareholders. We anticipate the compounding effect of reinvesting in our business will fuel further growth and profitable returns. 
 General Business Update 
 In March 2022, the Company announced the start of its ASCEND transformation program ASCEND ), initially estimating an incremental 40 to 50 million of annual operating profit once fully implemented. ASCEND s key initiatives include accelerating organic growth strategies, improving operational excellence and production efficiency by utilizing a Lean approach, and driving greater efficiency and productivity in selling, general and administrative expense by better leveraging resources to create a more efficient and agile organization. At that time, the Company anticipated investing 60 to 65 million through the end of fiscal 2024 to complete these actions. 
 In June 2022, the Company approved a restructuring plan in connection with the initiatives identified as part of the ASCEND transformation program to drive greater efficiency and productivity in global selling, general and administrative resources. The total costs of this plan were then estimated at 6 to 10 million, constituting predominately severance and other employee-related costs to be incurred as cash expenditures and impacting both IT S and Corporate (see Note 3, ASCEND Transformation Program in the notes to the consolidated financial statements). These costs were incorporated into the initial investment of 60 to 65 million. 
 In September 2022, the Company approved an update to the restructuring plan to a range of 10 to 15 million; these costs were still incorporated into the initial investment value, and the range did not change at that time. 
 In March 2023, the Company increased the anticipated investment range to 70 to 75 million, inclusive of the 10 to 15 million of the previously announced restructuring, over the life of the program. 
 In October 2023, the Company announced that during fiscal 2023, the Company had realized approximately 54 million of annual operating profit from execution of the ASCEND program and would no longer be breaking out the ASCEND benefit from results going into fiscal 2024. Through fiscal 2023, the Company invested approximately 60 million as part of the program, both through program charges and restructuring. Through fiscal 2024, the Company has invested approximately 75 million as part of the program, consisting of 19 million through restructuring and 56 million in ASCEND transformation program charges. The ASCEND program was completed at August 31, 2024. 
 18 

Results of Operations 
 The following table sets forth our results of continuing operations (dollars in millions, except per share amounts): 
 Three Months Ended November 30, Results from Continuing Operations (1) 
 2024 2023 Net sales 145 100 142 100 Cost of products sold 71 49 68 48 Gross profit 75 51 74 52 Selling, general and administrative expenses 42 29 42 30 Amortization of intangible assets 1 1 1 1 Restructuring charges 2 2 Impairment divestiture charges Operating profit 31 21 29 20 Financing costs, net 3 2 4 3 Other expense, net 0 1 1 Earnings before income tax expense 28 19 24 17 Income tax expense 6 4 6 4 Net earnings 22 15 18 13 Diluted earnings per share from continuing operations 0.40 0.33 
 (1) Results are from continuing operations and exclude the financial results of previously divested businesses reported as discontinued operations. The summation of the individual components may not equal the total due to rounding. 
 Consolidated net sales for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 were 145 million, an increase of 3 million, or 2 , compared to the prior-year comparable period. The effect of foreign currency rates compared to the U.S. dollar unfavorably impacted sales by 1 million, or 1 , and the acquisition of DTA at the beginning of the first quarter favorably impacted first quarter sales by 3 million, or 2 . This resulted in an organic sales decline of approximately 1 in the quarter. Management refers to sales adjusted to exclude the impact of these items (foreign currency changes and recent acquisitions and divestitures) as "organic sales". In the first quarter, product sales grew 1 million, or 1 , while foreign currency unfavorably impacted sales by 1 million, or 1 . The acquisition of DTA (which falls under our Heavy Lifting Technology product line within product) favorably impacted product sales by 3 million, or 3 , resulting in a 3 decline of organic product sales compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2024. The organic product sales decrease is driven by the IT S segment while Other product sales were favorable to the prior year. Service sales increased 2 million, or 6 , in the quarter with foreign currency impact nearly flat; organic sales for Service were up 6 compared to the prior-year period. Gross profit as a percentage of sales was approximately 51 for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 compared to 52 in the first quarter of fiscal 2024. The decrease in gross profit margin is due to unfavorable sales mix. 
 Operating profit for the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 was 33 million, an increase of 2 million compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2024. The increase in operating profit was mainly driven by a 2 million decrease in selling, general administrative expense ("SG A") year-over-year. The SG A decreases were a result of 1 million in lower restructuring charges and 1 million of lower ASCEND transformation program charges. 
 
 Segment Results 
 IT S Segment 
 The IT S segment is a global supplier of branded hydraulic and mechanical tools and services to a broad array of end markets, includin g refinery/petrochemical; general industrial; industrial MRO; machining manufacturing; power generation; infrastructure; mining; and other markets. Our primary products include branded tools, cylinders, pumps, hydraulic torque wrenches, highly engineered heavy lifting technology solutions and other tools (Product product line). The segment provides maintenance and 
 19 

manpower services on customer assets to meet their specific needs and rental services for certain of our products (Service Rental product line). The following table sets forth the results of operations for the IT S segment (dollars in millions): 
 Three Months Ended November 30, 2024 2023 Net sales 140 137 Operating profit 38 36 Operating profit 27.1 26.0 
 IT S segment net sales for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 increased by 3 million, or 2 , compared to the first quarter of fiscal 2024. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar unfavorably impacted sales by approximately 1 million, or 1 , while the acquisition of DTA favorably impacted sales by 3 million, or 2 , resulting in organic sales decline of approximately 1 . The organic sales decline was driven by unfavorable product sales within the Americas region. Operating profit was 38 million compared to 36 million in the first quarter of fisc al 2024. This increase was due to reduction in SG A. 
 Corporate 
 Corporate expenses were 8 million and 9 million in for the first quarter of fiscal 2025 and 2024, respectively. The decrease in expenses was driven by lower ASCEND transformation program charges. 
 Financing Costs, net 
 Net financing costs were 3 million and 4 million in the three months ended November 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Financing costs decreased due to a mix of lower debt balances and lower interest rates. 
 
 Income Tax Expense 
 The Company's global operations, acquisition activity (as applicable) and specific tax attributes provide opportunities for continuous global tax planning initiatives to maximize tax credits and deductions. Comparative earnings before income taxes, income tax expense and effective income tax rates from continuing operations are as follows (dollars in millions): 
 Three Months Ended November 30, 2024 2023 Earnings before income tax expense 28 24 Income tax expense 6 6 Effective income tax rate 22.1 23.6 
 The Company s earnings from continuing operations before income taxes include earnings from both U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. As several foreign tax rates are higher than the U.S. tax rate of 21 , the annual effective tax rate is impacted by foreign rate differentials, withholding taxes, losses in jurisdictions whe re no benefit can be realized, and various aspects of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, such as the Global Intangible Low-Taxed Income and Foreign-Derived Intangible Income provisions. 
 The effective tax rate for the three months ended November 30, 2024 was 22.1 , compared to 23.6 for the comparable prior-year period. The effective tax rate in each time period was impacted by year-to-date losses and deductions in jurisdictions where no tax benefit can be realized. The lower effective tax rate for the three months ended November 30, 2024 was primarily driven by the more favorable tax impact of stock compensation in comparison to the prior-year period. Both the current and prior-year effective income tax rates include the impact of non-recurring items. 
 20 

Cash Flows and Liquidity 
 At November 30, 2024, we had 131 million of cash and cash equivalents, of which 109 million was held by our foreign subsidiaries and 22 million was held domestically. The following table summarizes our cash flows provided by operating, investing and financing activities (dollars in millions): 
 Three Months Ended November 30, 2024 2023 Cash provided by (used in) operating activities 9 (7) Cash used in investing activities (33) (3) Cash (used in) provided by financing activities (13) 2 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 1 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (36) (6) 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 9 million for the three months ended November 30, 2024, while net cash used in operating activities for the three months ended November 30, 2023 was 7 million. The 16 million variance year-over-year was driven by higher earnings, lower annual incentive compensation payments made in the first quarter compared to the prior-year period and the non-recurrence of payments for legal settlements related to discontinued operations. 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 33 million and 3 million for the three months ended November 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . This increase was due to the payment of 27 million for the acquisition of DTA and increased capital expenditures relating to build-out costs for the Company's new headquarters location in Milwaukee, with an anticipated move-in date later in fiscal 2025. 
 Net cash used in financing activities was 13 million for the three months ended November 30, 2024 compared to 2 million of net cash provided by financing activities for the three months ended November 30, 2023. The net cash used in financing activities for the three months ended November 30, 2024 was driven by 4 million of share repurchases, 5 million of taxes paid with respect to equity awards, net of proceeds from the exercise of stock options, and 2 million for the payment of the annual cash dividend. Net cash used in financing activities for the three months ended November 30, 2024 consisted of a 31 million net increase in total borrowings and 2 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options offset by 26 million of payments to acquire treasury shares, 2 million payment for the annual cash dividend and 2 million for taxes paid with respect to equity awards. 
 On September 9, 2022, the Company refinanced its previous senior credit facility with a 600 million senior credit facility, comprised of a 400 million revolving line of credit and a 200 million term loan, which is scheduled to mature in September 2027. The Company has the option to request up to 300 million of additional revolving commitments and/or term loans under the new facility, subject to customary conditions, including the commitment of the participating lenders. The senior credit facility contains restrictive covenants and financial covenants. See Note 7, "Debt" in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements for further details regarding the senior credit facility. 
 At November 30, 2024, there were no borrowings and 399 million available under the revolving line of credit facility after reduction for 1 million of outstanding letters of credit issued under the senior credit facility. The Company was in compliance with all covenants under the senior credit facility at November 30, 2024. 
 We believe that the revolving credit line, combined with our existing cash on hand and anticipated operating cash flows, will be adequate to meet operating, debt service, acquisition and capital expenditure funding requirements for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Primary Working Capital Management 
 We use primary working capital as a percentage of sales (PWC as a key metric of working capital management. We define this metric as the sum of net accounts receivable and net inventory less accounts payable, divided by the past three months sales annualized. The following table shows a comparison of primary working capital (dollars in millions): 
 November 30, 2024 PWC August 31, 2024 PWC Accounts receivable, net 101 17 104 16 Inventory, net 81 14 73 12 Accounts payable (47) (8) (43) (7) Net primary working capital 135 23 134 21 
 21 

Commitments and Contingencies 
 Given our desire to allocate cash flow and revolver availability to fund growth initiatives, we have historically leased most of our facilities and some operating equipment. We lease certain facilities, computers, equipment and vehicles under various operating lease agreements, generally over periods ranging from one to twenty years. Under most arrangements, we pay the property taxes, insurance, maintenance and expenses related to the leased property. Many of our leases include provisions that enable us to renew the 
 leases at contractually agreed rates or, less commonly, based upon market rental rates on the date of expiration of the initial leases. 
 We had outstanding letters of credit of 2.9 million and surety bonds of 3.8 million at November 30, 2024 and 4.4 million of letters of credit and 3.8 million of surety bonds at August 31, 2024, the majority of which relate to commercial contracts and self-insured workers' compensation programs. 
 We are also subject to certain contingencies with respect to legal proceedings and regulatory matters which are described in Note 13, "Commitments and Contingencies" in the notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. While there can be no assurance of the ultimate outcome of these matters, the Company believes that there will be no material adverse effect on the Company's results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 Our contractual obligations have not materially changed at November 30, 2024 from what was previously disclosed in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations under the heading Contractual Obligations in the fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 Management has evaluated the accounting estimates used in the preparation of the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes and believe those estimates to be reasonable and appropriate. Certain of these accounting estimates are considered by management to be the most critical in understanding judgments involved in the preparation of our condensed consolidated financial statements and uncertainties that could impact our results of operations, financial position and cash flow. For information about more of the Company s policies, methodology and assumptions related to critical accounting policies refer to the Critical Accounting Policies in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included in the fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 The diverse nature of our business activities necessitates the management of various financial and market risks, including those related to changes in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates and commodity costs. 
 Interest Rate Risk: As of November 30, 2024, long-term debt consisted of no borrowing under the revolving line of credit (variable rate debt) and 194 million of term loan debt bearing interest based on SOFR (variable rate). An interest-rate swap effectively converts the SOFR-based rate of 60 million of term borrowings under our credit facility to a fixed rate. A ten percent increase in the average costs of our variable rate debt would have resulted in less than 1 million of an increase in financing costs for the three months ended November 30, 2024. 
 Foreign Currency Risk: We maintain operations in the U.S. and various foreign countries. Our more significant non-U.S. operations are located in Australia, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom, United Arab Emirates and China, and we have foreign currency risk relating to receipts from customers, payments to suppliers and intercompany transactions denominated in foreign currencies. Under certain conditions, we enter into hedging transactions (primarily foreign currency exchange contracts) that enable us to mitigate the potential adverse impact of foreign currency exchange rate risk (see Note 9, Derivatives in the notes to the consolidated financial statements for further information). We do not engage in trading or other speculative activities with these transactions, as established policies require that these hedging transactions relate to specific currency exposures. 
 The strengthening of the U.S. dollar against most currencies can have an unfavorable impact on our results of operations and financial position as foreign denominated operating results are translated into U.S. dollars. To illustrate the potential impact of changes in foreign currency exchange rates on the translation of our results of operations, quarterly sales and operating profit were re-measured assuming a ten percent decrease in all foreign exchange rates compared with the U.S. dollar. Using this assumption, quarterly sales would have been lower by 8 million and operating profit would have been lower by 1 million , respectively, for the three months ended November 30, 2024. This sensitivity analysis assumes that each exchange rate would change in the same direction relative to the U.S. dollar and excludes the potential effects that changes in foreign currency exchange rates may have on sales levels or local currency prices. Similarly, a ten percent decline in foreign currency exchange rates versus the U.S. dollar would result in a 34 million reduction to equity (accumulated other comprehensive loss) as of November 30, 2024, as a result of non-U.S. dollar denominated assets and liabilities being translated into U.S. dollars, our reporting currency. 
 22 

C ommodity Cost Risk: We source a wide variety of materials and components from a network of global suppliers. While such materials are typically available from numerous suppliers, commodity raw materials, such as steel and plastic resin, are subject to price fluctuations, which could have a negative impact on our results. We strive to pass along such commodity price increases to customers to avoid profit margin erosion. 
 
 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our senior management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report (the Evaluation Date ). Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded as of the Evaluation Date that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective such that the information relating to the Company, including consolidated subsidiaries, required to be disclosed in our Securities and Exchange Commission SEC reports (i) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting. 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended November 30, 2024 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 23 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The Company's Board of Directors has authorized the repurchase of shares of the Company's common stock under publicly announced share repurchase programs. Since the inception of the initial share repurchase program in fiscal 2012, the Company has repurchased 30,192,041 shares of common stock for 843 million. The Company suspended the initial share repurchase program in response to the COVID-19 pandemic in the third quarter of fiscal 2020. In March 2022, the Company's Board of Directors rescinded its prior share repurchase authorization and approved a new share repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of a total of 10,000,000 shares of the Company's outstanding common stock. The Company repurchased 109,860 shares for 4.4 million in the three months ended November 30, 2024, as detailed in the following table. 
 Period Shares Repurchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program September 1 to September 30, 2024 109,474 39.86 109,474 2,607,575 October 1 to October 31, 2024 386 40.42 386 2,607,189 November 1 to November 30, 2024 2,607,189 109,860 39.86 109,860 
 
 Item 5 Other Information 
 or a Rule 10b5-l trading arrangement or or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 24 

Item 6 Exhibits 
 Exhibit Description Incorporated Herein By Reference To Filed Herewith Furnished Herewith 10.1 
 Letter agreement dated September 23, 2024 between Darren M. Kozik and Enerpac Tool Group Corp. Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October15, 2024 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 X 101 
 The following materials from the Enerpac Tool Group Corp. Form 10-Q for the three months ended November 30, 2024 and 2023 formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (Inline XBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Earnings, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) the Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in the Interactive Data Files submitted as Exhibit 101) 
 25 

SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ENERPAC TOOL GROUP CORP. (Registrant) Date: December 20, 2024 By: /S/ DARREN M. KOZIK Darren M. Kozik Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 26 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 epac10-q11302024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Paul E. Sternlieb, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Enerpac Tool Group Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 
 Date December 20, 2024 
 s Paul E. Sternlieb Paul E. Sternlieb President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 epac10-q11302024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Darren M. Kozik, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Enerpac Tool Group Corp. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 Date December 20, 2024 
 s Darren M. Kozik Darren M. Kozik Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 epac10-q11302024ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 WRITTEN STATEMENT OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, I, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer and President of Enerpac Tool Group Corp. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 
 Date December 20, 2024 
 s Paul E. Sternlieb Paul E. Sternlieb President and Chief Executive Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Enerpac Tool Group Corp. and will be retained by Enerpac Tool Group Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q and shall not be considered filed as part of the Form 10-Q. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 epac10-q11302024ex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 WRITTEN STATEMENT OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss.1350, I, the undersigned Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of Enerpac Tool Group Corp. (the Company ), hereby certify, based on my knowledge, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended November 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 
 Date December 20, 2024 
 s Darren M. Kozik Darren M. Kozik Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Enerpac Tool Group Corp. and will be retained by Enerpac Tool Group Corp. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission as an exhibit to the Form 10-Q and shall not be considered filed as part of the Form 10-Q. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 epac-20241130.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 epac-20241130_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 epac-20241130_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 epac-20241130_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 epac-20241130_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

