<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241015_10-K-A_edgar_data_1295514_0001493152-24-041070.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>550257</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>34652</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>98169</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>157758</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>189622</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>56611</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-24-041070.hdr.sgml : 20241015
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241015093008
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-24-041070
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		19
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241015
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241015

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MDWerks, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001295514
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BEVERAGES [2080]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				331095411
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-56299
		FILM NUMBER:		241369737

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		411 WALNUT STREET,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 20125
		CITY:			GREEN COVE SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(252) 501-0019

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		411 WALNUT STREET,
		STREET 2:		SUITE 20125
		CITY:			GREEN COVE SPRINGS
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32043

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MDwerks, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20051117

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WESTERN EXPLORATION INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040625

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-24-041070.txt : 20241015

10-K/A
 1
 form10-ka.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Amendment
No. 1) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 for the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 or 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transaction period from ___________ to __________ 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address
of principal executive offices, Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number,
including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of
the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The
aggregate market value of the voting stock and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based upon the closing
sale price of the registrant s common stock on June 30, 2023 was approximately . 

As
of June 28, 2024 the Company has shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

EXPLANATORY
NOTE 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

PCAOB ID 

2 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

See the Exhibit Index on the following page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K/A. 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Document
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Merger
 Agreement, dated February 13, 2023, by and among MDwerks, Inc., MD-TT Merger Sub, Inc. and Two Trees Beverage Co. (Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17, 2023) 
 
 2.2 
 
 Amendment
 No. 1 to Merger Agreement, dated February 16, 2023, by and among MDwerks, Inc., MD-TT Merger Sub, Inc. and Two Trees Beverage Co.
 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 17,
 2023) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 19, 2022). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of the registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on September 19, 2022). 
 
 3.3 
 
 Certificate
 of Elimination of the registrant (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K
 filed with the SEC on September 19, 2022). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description of securities. 
 
 10.1 
 
 Exchange
 Agreement, dated as of January 19, 2023, by and among the registrant, RF Specialties LLC and Keith A. Mort (Incorporated by
 reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 25, 2023). 
 
 19.1 
 
 Insider trading policy of the registrant. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification
 of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15(d)-14(a) of the Securities Act of 1934 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Accounting Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer under Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within
 the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Filed Previously 

ITEM
16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

3 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

MDwerks, Inc. 

Dated:
 October 15, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Steven C. Laker 

Steve Laker 

Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the
registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Steven C. Laker 
 
 Chief
 Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Director (principal executive officer and principal financial officer) 
 
 October 15, 2024 
 
 Steven
 C. Laker 

/s/
 James P. Cassidy 
 
 Director 
 
 October 15, 2024 
 
 James
 P. Cassidy 

/s/
 Edward D. Kratovil 
 
 Director 
 
 October 15, 2024 
 
 Edward
 D. Kratovil 

4 

<EX-19.1>
 2
 ex19-1.htm

Exhibit
19.1 

POLICY
ON INSIDER TRADING 

 MDwerks,
INC. 

Company
 insiders are subject to individual responsibilities and restrictions in addition to the responsibilities and obligations
of the company itself. An Insider of a company is a person who is a director, officer, contractor, employee, advisor or
consultant in possession of nonpublic material information regarding a company, as well as a shareholder owning 5 or more of the company s
stock. If you have been provided with a copy of this Policy on Insider Trading Policy of MDwerks, Inc. Company ),
you are subject to the rules contained herein. Accordingly, as Insiders of the Company, you are subject to restrictions imposed by federal
securities laws with respect to purchases and sales of the Company s shares. 

THE
BASICS 

No
 person may trade in the Company s securities if the person has material information , which has not yet been
 publicly disclosed . 

Person: Directors,
 officers, advisors, consultants, contractors and employees at all levels within the Company
 (and, in addition, persons outside the Company that receive tips from insiders). 

Trade : Transactions
 involving the purchase or sale of Company stock, exercise of Company options and warrants,
 puts, calls and other Company securities. 

Material
 Information : 
 Information that a reasonable investor would consider important,
as part of the total mix of available information, in reaching his or her investment decision. 

Publicly
 Disclosed : 
 Disclosed broadly to the marketplace (such as by Company press
releases or a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC )) and the investing public has had time to absorb
the information fully. 

So
long as you are an Insider, the rules contained herein apply to: 

You; 
 
 Your
 family members who reside with you; and 
 
 Any
 family members who do not live in your household but whose transactions in Company securities
 are directed by you or are subject to your influence or control (such as parents or children
 who consult with you before they trade in company securities). 

You
are responsible for the transactions of these other persons, and therefore, you should make them aware of these procedures and their
need to confer with you before they engage in any transaction subject to these procedures. As used in this Policy, you 
means any individual or entity subject to the policies and procedures described herein. 

The
consequences of illegal insider trading are severe and can result in civil and criminal liability, as well as disciplinary action by
the Company. In addition, a person can be held responsible for the trading violations of others if inside information is passed on, resulting
in insider trading by others. Penalties can include: 

For
Individuals: 

Civil
 penalties up to three times the profit gained or loss avoided (including, in certain circumstances,
 from persons who control the primary violator). 
 
 Private
 remedy against insider trading for benefit of persons who traded in the same securities contemporaneously. 
 
 Maximum
 of 30 years imprisonment. 
 
 Fines
 of up to 5 million for individuals. 

For
Entities: 

Civil
 penalties of 1,000,000 or three times the profit gained or loss avoided (including, in certain
 circumstances, from persons who control the entity), whichever is greater; 
 
 Criminal
 penalties of up to 25,000,000. 

Any
of the above consequences would seriously harm the reputation and career of the offender, as well as the Company. The size of a transaction
in violation of this Policy has no impact on potential insider trading liability, SEC investigations and lawsuits. Additionally, if the
Company concludes an employee has violated this Policy, the Company may dismiss the or commence other disciplinary actions against the
violating employee, whether the act was intentional or not. 

INSIDER
TRADING EXPLAINED 

No
Trading or Acting on Inside Information 

If
you are aware of material nonpublic information relating to the Company, you may not, either directly or through family members or other
persons or entities: 

Buy
 or sell securities of the Company (other than as explained herein); or 
 
 Make
 a gift of Company securities; or 
 
 Engage
 in any other action to take personal advantage of that information; or 
 
 Pass
 that information on to others outside the Company, including family and friends. 

Also,
if you learn of material nonpublic information about another company with which the Company does business, including a customer or supplier,
you may not trade in the other company s securities until the information becomes public or is no longer material. 

Transactions
that may be necessary or justifiable for independent, personal reasons (such as the need to raise money for an emergency expenditure)
are not exempted from these rules. The securities laws do not recognize such mitigating circumstances, and, in any event, even the appearance
of an improper transaction must be avoided to preserve the Company s reputation for adhering to the highest standards of conduct. 

When
Information Becomes Public 

Information
is not deemed to become public until the information has been disclosed broadly to the marketplace (such as by Company
press releases or an SEC filing) and the investing public has had time to absorb the information fully. To avoid the appearance of impropriety,
information will not be considered fully absorbed by the marketplace until the third trading day after the day the information has
been publicly disclosed. 

Examples: 

If
 the Information is Announced: 
 
 You
 May Begin Trading: 
 
 Monday 
 
 Thursday 
 
 Friday 
 
 Wednesday 
 
 Friday
 Before a Monday Holiday 
 
 Thursday 

What
Constitutes Material Information 

Material
information is any information that a reasonable investor would consider important in making a decision to buy, hold, or sell securities.
 Any information that might reasonably be expected to affect the Company s stock price, whether it is positive or negative, should
be considered material. Some examples of information that would ordinarily be regarded as material are: 

Projections
 of future earnings or losses, or other earnings guidance; 
 
 Earnings
 that are inconsistent with the consensus expectations of the investment community; 
 
 A
 pending or proposed merger, acquisition or tender offer; 
 
 A
 pending or proposed acquisition or disposition of a significant asset; 
 
 A
 change in dividend policy, the declaration of a stock split, or an offering of additional
 securities; 
 
 A
 change in management; 
 
 Development
 of a significant new product or process; 
 
 Impending
 bankruptcy or the existence of severe liquidity problems; 
 
 The
 gain or loss of a significant customer or supplier; or 
 
 Imminent
 issuance of a new patent 

Anyone
scrutinizing your transactions will be doing so after the fact, with the benefit of hindsight. As a practical matter, before engaging
in any transaction, you should carefully consider how enforcement authorities and others might view the transaction in hindsight. 

Whether
information is material may be difficult to determine. For this reason, you are urged to contact Company counsel if you
have any questions as to whether any particular information is or is not material. 

No
Individual Disclosure of Information 

You
may not disclose information about the Company to anyone outside the Company, including family members and friends, and you may not discuss
the Company or its business in an internet chat room or similar internet-based forum. 

Transactions
by Non-Residents 

The
same restrictions apply regardless of whether a person is resident within the United States. 

Other
Prohibited Transactions 

The
Company considers it improper and inappropriate for any director, officer or other employee of the Company to engage in speculative transactions
in the Company s securities or other transactions which might give the appearance of impropriety. A broker or a person whom you
deem to be investment savvy, may suggest one of the following, more sophisticated types of transactions; however, they are prohibited.
If you are unsure about the type of transaction that has been suggested to you, please contact Company counsel. These types of transactions
include: 

Derivative
 Securities. This involves transactions with warrants. You may not engage in transactions
 in puts, calls or other derivative securities based on the Company s securities. 

Hedging
 Transactions. The best way to understand hedging is to think of it as insurance. When
 people decide to hedge, they are insuring themselves against a negative event. This doesn t
 prevent a negative event from happening, but if it does happen and you re properly
 hedged, the impact of the event is reduced. So, hedging occurs almost everywhere, and we
 see it everyday. For example, if you buy house insurance, you are hedging yourself against
 fires, break-ins or other unforeseen disasters. Ask your broker or Company counsel for details. 

Margin
 Accounts and Pledges. You may not purchase Company securities on margin, or borrow against
 any account in which Company securities are held, or pledge Company securities as collateral
 for a loan. 

Trading
 in securities on a short-term basis. Company securities purchased in the open market
 (i.e., not obtained via an employee stock option or employee stock purchase plan) should
 be held for six-months at minimum. Prior written consent from the Company must be obtained
 by any employee desiring to sell Company securities that were purchased in the open market
 and that have not been owned for greater than six months. A written request for such consent
 from the Company must be requested at least three (3) business days prior to the proposed
 sale, and cannot be requested more than five (5) days prior to the proposed sale. 

Transactions
Under Company Plans 

Stock
Option Exercises. These rules do not apply to your cash exercise of an employee stock option given to you under and in connection
with the Company s Stock Incentive Plan or similar plan from time to time in effect, unless it is a sale of stock that is part
of a broker-assisted cashless exercise of an option or any other market sale for the purpose of generating the cash needed to pay the
exercise price of an option. 

Exception
for Approved 10b5-1 Plans. Trades by members of the Board of Directors, officers or employees in the Company s securities that
are executed pursuant to an approved 10b5-1 trading plan (a Trading Plan are not subject to the prohibition on trading
on the basis of material non- public information contained in this Policy or to the restrictions set forth below relating to pre- clearance
procedures and blackout periods. 

Federal
securities laws allow affirmative defenses from insider trading liability under SEC Rule 10b5-1 for trading plans that meet certain requirements.
Insider trading lawsuits may still be brought against individuals trading under such a Trading Plan. This Policy permits individuals
to adopt SEC Rule 10b5-1 compliant Trading Plans with brokers for trading of the Company s securities and the exercise of options
upon prior written approval by the Company. The Company may also choose to review a proposed Trading Plan, and reserves the right to
reject a Trading Plan if it so chooses. 

Revocation/Amendments
to Trading Plans. Amendments of a Trading Plan may not occur once a Trading Plan is in place. Revocations of a Trading Plan may occur
upon written notice to the broker, but only if the individual is not aware of any material non-public information of the Company at the
time of revocation. However, if the individual terminates the Trading Plan after the first option exercise or stock sale, then the individual
must cancel all outstanding Trading Plans and agree not to enter into another Trading Plan until six months after termination of the
Trading Plan. 

Under
certain circumstances, a Trading Plan must be revoked or suspended by the Company. This includes circumstances such as the announcement
of a merger or the occurrence of an event that would cause the transaction either to violate the law or to have an adverse effect on
the Company. The Company is authorized to notify the broker in such circumstances. 

HOW
TO TRADE 

Pre-Clearance
Requirement 

While
you are subject to these rules, you may not engage in any transaction involving the Company s securities (including a stock plan
transaction such as an option exercise, gift, loan or pledge or hedge, contribution to a trust, or any other transfer) without first
obtaining pre-clearance of the transaction from both the Chief Executive Officer and either (a) the General Counsel (if any) or (b) the
Chief Financial Officer. A request for pre-clearance should be submitted to one of these persons at least one week in advance of the
proposed transaction. The Chief Executive Officer, General Counsel (if any) and Chief Financial Officer are under no obligation to approve
a trade submitted for pre-clearance and may determine not to permit the trade, and they will have no liability for any refusal to permit
a trade or for any delay in making or communicating a decision. 

Quarterly
Blackout Periods 

The
Company s announcement of its quarterly financial results almost always has the potential to have a material effect on the market
for the Company s securities. Therefore, in order to avoid even the appearance of trading while aware of material nonpublic information,
you generally will not be pre-cleared to trade in the Company s securities during the following periods: 

Quarterly
 Blackout Period Begins : 
 Seven
 (7) days prior to the end of the Company s fiscal quarter (the Company s fiscal quarters end on March 31 st ,
 June 30 th , September 30 th , and December 31 st of each year). 

Quarterly
 Blackout Period Ends : 
 At
 the close of trading on the Nasdaq Stock Market, or any exchange upon which the Company s stock is listed for trading on the
 second full trading day following the Company s filing of its quarterly report with the SEC. 

Event-Specific
Blackouts 

From
time to time, an event may occur that is material to the Company and is known by only a few individuals inside the Company. If you are
one of those individuals, or if it would appear to an outsider that you were likely to have had access to information about such an event,
then you will not be allowed to trade in the Company s securities so long as the event remains material and nonpublic. 

Also,
the Company may on occasion issue interim earnings guidance or other potentially material information by means of a press release, SEC
filing on Form 8-K or other means designed to achieve widespread dissemination of the information. You should anticipate that trades
are unlikely to be pre-cleared while the Company is in the process of assembling the information to be released and until the information
has been released and fully absorbed by the market. The existence of an event-specific blackout will not be announced. If you request
pre-clearance of a transaction in the Company s securities during an event-specific blackout, you will be informed of the existence
of a blackout period, but you may not be advised of the reason for the blackout. 

If
you are made aware of the existence of an event-specific blackout you should not disclose the existence of the blackout to any other
person. Whether or not you are designated as being subject to an event-specific blackout you still have the obligation not to trade while
aware of material nonpublic information. 

The
prohibitive rules described herein and imposed by the Company upon you as a term of your employment or retainer cease to apply to your
transactions in Company securities upon the expiration of any blackout period in existence at the time of the termination
of your service as a director, executive officer or employee. Be aware that many of the federal rules may continue to apply to you after
the termination of your service with the Company. 

COMPANY
ASSISTANCE 

Compliance
with this Policy by all employees is of the utmost importance both for the employee and for the Company. If you have any questions about
Insider Trading or its application to any proposed transaction you may obtain additional guidance from the Company s outside counsel
(Laura Anthony, Esq.), who can be reached by telephone at (561) 514-0936. Due to the serious consequences of illegal insider trading,
we urge you to err on the side of caution and contact Ms. Anthony with any and all questions regarding this topic. Ultimately, however,
the responsibility for adhering to Insider Trading rules and avoiding unlawful transactions rests with you. 

AMENDMENTS 

Officers
of the Company may, from time to time, make non-substantive amendments to this Policy (including, without limitation, substitution of
the names of the appropriate contact persons within the Company) without prior approval of the Company s Board of Directors. 

ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS 

All
directors, officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries must acknowledge their receipt of, understanding of, and intent
to comply with, this Policy. Such acknowledgment must be evidenced by the individual s signing of the Acknowledgment 
below, whether electronically or in writing. This acknowledgment will constitute each such person s consent for the Company to
issue any necessary stop-transfer orders to the Company s transfer agent to enforce compliance with this Policy. As a condition
of continued employment or engagement all employees (and all other persons, such as consultants or contractors, designated by the Company
as subject to this Policy) must periodically acknowledge, electronically or in writing, that they have read and agree to abide by this
Policy. 

ADOPTED :
This 6th day of June, 2024. 

ACKNOWLEDGMENT 

I
have received and read the Policy on Insider Trading Policy of MDwerks, Inc. (the Company and I understand
and agree to comply with all of the provisions contained therein. I agree that I will be subject to sanctions imposed by the Company,
in its discretion, for violation of this Policy, including dismissal for cause, and that the Company may give stop-transfer and other
instructions to the Company s transfer agent against transfer of Company securities by me in a transaction that the Company considers
to be in contravention of this Policy on Insider Trading. 

Signed:
____________________________________________ _ 

Name:
______________________________________________ 

Title:
_______________________________________________ 

Date:
_______________________________________________ 

</EX-19.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Steven C. Laker, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-KA of MDwerks, Inc.; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 15, 2024 

/s/
 Steven C. Laker 

Steven
 C. Laker 

Chief
 Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATIONS 

I,
Steven C. Laker, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-KA of MDwerks, Inc; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statement made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period
covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such
internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date:
October 15, 2024 

/s/
 Steven C. Laker 

Steven
 C. Laker 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

Certification
of Periodic Financial Report 

 Pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 

 as
Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

The
undersigned officer of MDwerks, Inc. (the Company certifies, to his knowledge and solely for the purposes of 18
U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Annual Report on Form 10-KA of
the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Form 10-K complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material
respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated:
October 15, 2024 

/s/
 Steven C. Laker 

Steven
 C. Laker 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 

(principal executive officer and principal financial
 officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mdwk-20231231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mdwk-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mdwk-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mdwk-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

