<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1282980_0001213900-24-098394.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3117673</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>73480</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>794372</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>647515</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>745838</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>803771</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098394.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114160149
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098394
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		44
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Dror Ortho-Design, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001282980
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	DENTAL EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3843]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				850461778
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-51783
		FILM NUMBER:		241461576

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		480 JOHNSON ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15301
		BUSINESS PHONE:		724-206-1500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		480 JOHNSON ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			WASHINGTON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			15301

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	NOVINT TECHNOLOGIES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040308

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098394.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0220808-10q_drorortho.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED
STATES 

SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ____ to ____ 

Commission
File No. 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) , (Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

N/A 

(Former
 name or former address, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered None 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to
Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant has been required to submit
and post such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

The number of shares outstanding of the registrant s
common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, as of November 14, 2024 was shares. 

Dror
Ortho-Design, Inc. 

Quarter
Ended September 30, 2024 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 1 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 5 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 12 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 18 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 18 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 19 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 19 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 19 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 20 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 20 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 20 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 
 20 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 
 21 

Signatures 
 
 22 

i 

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item
1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

DROR
ORTHO-DESIGN, INC. 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

(U.S.
dollars) 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

Unaudited 
 Audited 
 
 Assets 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Other receivables and prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Noncurrent Assets: 

Property and equipment at cost, net of accumulated depreciation 

Total Assets 

Liabilities And Stockholders Equity 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Registration Rights Agreement liability 

Total Current Liabilities 

Noncurrent Liabilities: 

Accrued severance 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 4) 

Stockholders Equity 

Preferred A Stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Common stock, par value; and shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

DROR
ORTHO-DESIGN, INC. 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(U.S.
dollars, except share and per share amounts) 

Three Months Ended 
 Nine Months Ended 

September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 
 September 30, 2024 
 September 30, 2023 

Unaudited 
 Unaudited 
 
 Operating Expenses 

Research and development 

General and administrative expenses 

Share-based compensation 

Total Operating Expenses 

Loss from operations 

Financial income (expense), net 

Registration Rights Agreement expense 

Total other income (expense) 

Loss before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Net loss per common share 

Basic and Diluted 

Weighted-average common stock outstanding 

Basic and Diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

DROR
ORTHO-DESIGN, INC. 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

(U.S.
dollars, except share amounts) 

(Unaudited) 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Additional
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balance
 at January 1, 2024 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at March 31, 2024 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at June 30, 2024 

Conversion
 of Series A Preferred Stock into Common Stock 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at September 30, 2024 

Balance
 at January 1, 2023 

Return
 of founders shares to the Company as part of claim settlement 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at March 31, 2023 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at June 30, 2023 

Settlement
 of Treasury Stock prior to recapitalization 

Private Placement Investment 

Reverse
 re-capitalization 

Stock-based
 compensation 

Net
 loss 

Balance
 at September 30, 2023 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

DROR
ORTHO-DESIGN, INC. 

CONDENSED
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(U.S.
dollars) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Depreciation 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Receivables and prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Registration Rights Agreement liability 

Founders claim accrual 

Accrued Royalties 

Accrued severance 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from private placement raise 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 -

Net (decrease) increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Non-cash activities: 

Shares issued at reverse recapitalization 
 -

Net liabilities assumed in merger 
 -

Accrued transaction costs 
 -

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

DROR
ORTHO-DESIGN, INC. 

NOTES
TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(Unaudited) 

of their outstanding shares of ordinary shares of Private Dror,
for shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share Common Stock ), and shares
of the Company s Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, par value per share Series A Preferred Stock ). Pursuant
to the terms of the Share Exchange, the Company raised as part of a private placement funding (the Private Placement pursuant to a Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between the Company and certain purchasers identified therein (the Private
Placement Investors ), dated as of August 14, 2023 (the Securities Purchase Agreement and the Private Placement Investors
received shares of Common Stock (the Private Placement Shares ), shares of Series A Preferred Stock
and warrants to purchase Common Stock Private Placement Warrants ). As a result, Private Dror became a wholly-owned subsidiary
of the Company and the Private Dror shareholders held of the Company s Common Stock equivalents based on the common and preferred
shares received in the Share Exchange. 

The
Share Exchange was accounted for as a recapitalization, with Private Dror deemed to be the accounting acquirer and the Company the accounting
acquiree. Accordingly, Private Dror s historical financial statements for periods prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange
have become those of the registrant. Assets and liabilities and the historical operations reported for periods prior to the Share Exchange
are those of Private Dror other than equity items. All references to Common Stock, Series A Preferred Stock, share and per share amounts
have been retroactively restated to reflect the reverse recapitalization as if the transaction had taken place as of the beginning of
the earliest period presented. 

Pursuant
to the Share Exchange, the Company issued shares of its Common Stock and Series A Preferred Stock to Private Dror s stockholders,
at an exchange ratio of shares of the Company s Common Stock. 

As
of August 14, 2023, the fair value of the net liabilities of the Company was , which was recorded as Additional Paid-In Capital
as part of the Share Exchange. 

Going
Concern and Management s Plans 

The
financial statements are presented on a going concern basis. The Company has not yet generated any revenues, has suffered recurring losses
from operations with an accumulated deficit of as of September 30, 2024, and is dependent upon external sources for financing
its operations. There is no assurance that profitable operations, if achieved, could be sustained on a continuing basis. Further, the
Company s future operations are dependent on the success of the Company s efforts to raise additional capital, its research
and commercialization efforts, regulatory approvals, and, ultimately, the market acceptance of the Company s products. There is
no assurance that the Company will be successful in raising these funds. These financial statements do not include adjustments that may
result from the outcome of these uncertainties. The Company is exploring additional fundraising opportunities. 

5 

and as of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

and , respectively, in excess of the FDIC insurance
limit. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and , respectively, in Israeli financial
institutions, which amounts are not uninsured. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts with these financial institutions. 

6 

shares of Common Stock
and is included in the table as if converted. 

Warrants 

Stock Options 

Shares excluded from the calculation of diluted loss per share 

and were reclassified to research and development expenses for the three and
nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, to conform with current period presentation. General and administrative expenses
amounting to and were reclassified to stock-based compensation expenses for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2023, respectively, to conform with current period presentation. The reclassifications had no effect on the net loss for the nine
months ended September 30, 2023. 

7 

private placement financing (the December 2021 Shares 
and, together with the Private Placement Shares, the Conversion Shares, the Warrant Shares, collectively, the Registrable Securities ). 

Under
the Registration Rights Agreement, among other things, if a registration statement registering the resale of the Registrable Securities
is not filed by the 45 th calendar date following the date of the Registration Rights Agreement and if such registration statement
is not declared effective by the SEC by the 135th calendar day (or, in the event of a full review by the SEC, the 165 th
 calendar day) following the date of the Registration Rights Agreement, then the Company was required to pay as partial liquidated
damages in amount equal to the product of multiplied by the aggregate Subscription Amount (as defined in the Securities Purchase
Agreement) paid by such investor pursuant to the Securities Purchase Agreement every calendar month (pro-rated for periods totaling less
than a calendar month) until filed. Such liquidated damages would bear interest at the rate of per annum (or such lesser maximum
amount that is permitted to be paid by applicable law), accruing daily from the date such partial liquidated damages are due until such
amounts, plus all such interest thereon, are paid in full. 

Pursuant
to Section 6(e) of the Registration Rights Agreement, the provisions of the Registration Rights Agreement may be amended by obtaining
the written consent of the Company and the Private Placement Investors holding or more of the then-outstanding Registrable Securities
(the Required Holders ). On February 9, 2024, the Company filed a registration statement on Form S-1 registering for resale
the Registrable Securities, which was declared effective by the SEC on June 14, 2024. On August 13, 2024, the Company and the Required
Holders entered into an Amendment to the Registration Rights Agreement Registration Rights Agreement Amendment ), pursuant
to which effective retroactively to September 28, 2023, (i) the date in which a registration statement registering the resale of the
Registrable Securities (the Registration Statement is required to be filed pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement
was amended to February 9, 2024, and (ii) the date in which the Registration Statement is required to be declared effective by the SEC
pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement was amended to June 14, 2024. In consideration for entering into the Registration Rights
Agreement Amendment, the Company agreed to pay the Private Placement Investors the liquidated damages equal to the amount that would
otherwise have accrued pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, without giving effect to the Registration Rights Agreement Amendment,
which became due and payable upon signing the Registration Rights Agreement Amendment on August 13, 2024, and which did not become due
or payable prior to such date. The Company recorded as Liquidated Damages Liability in respect of the Registration Rights Agreement
Amendment. This liability does not bear interest and a repayment date has not yet been determined. 

of total sales of products
developed within the framework of these programs. The royalties will be paid up to a maximum amount equaling of the grants provided
by the IIA, linked to the dollar, bearing annual interest at a rate initially based on LIBOR. Beginning from January 1, 2024, the rate
was adjusted to SOFR (Secured Over Financing Rate). The obligation to pay these royalties is contingent on actual sales of the products,
and in the absence of such sales payment of royalties is not required. In some cases, the Government of Israel s participation
(through the IIA) is subject to export sales or other conditions. The maximum amount of royalties is increased in the event of production
outside of Israel. The current contingent royalty obligation as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, is approximately 
 million and million, respectively. 

8 

which included amounts representing the repayment of a loan,
reimbursement of expenses and an amount for pain and suffering. In addition, the agreement stipulated the transfer back of all shares
held by the founders to the Private Dror for no additional consideration. The settlement was paid in the first quarter of 2023. In addition,
the agreement stipulated the transfer back of all shares ordinary shares with par value of NIS ), held by the founders
to the Company. 

to Authorized Share Increase Amendment and to make a corresponding change to the number of authorized shares of capital stock
of the Company. On January 4, 2024, the Company filed the Restated Charter with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. All issued
shares of . 

Series
A Preferred Stock 

The Company is
authorized to issue up to shares of par value non-redeemable preferred stock. As of September 30, 2024, 
shares of Series A Preferred Stock were outstanding. Each share of Series A Preferred Stock is convertible into Common Stock at any
time at a conversion price of , or shares of Common Stock for each share of Series A Preferred Stock, subject to
adjustment for certain anti-dilution provisions set forth in the Series A Certificate of Designations. The stockholders of Series A
Preferred Stock are entitled to vote with holders of the Company s Common Stock, on all matters that such holders of Common
Stock are entitled to vote upon, in the same manner and with the same effect as the holders of Common Stock, voting together with
the holders of Common Stock as a single class. Each share of Preferred Stock shall entitle the stockholder to cast that number of
votes per share of Preferred Stock equal to the number of shares of Common Stock into which such share of Preferred Stock is
convertible (after giving effect to certain limitations on conversion, as applicable). During the three months ended September 30,
2024, holders of the Series A Preferred Stock converted of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of Common
Stock. 

9 

warrants to purchase Common Stock held by Private Dror shareholders Private Dror
Shareholders ). Pursuant to the warrant terms, warrants expired as a result of the Share Exchange. On August 14,
2023, the Company issued warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock to Private Dror Shareholders in exchange for their
outstanding warrants, and warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock to the private placement investors in respect
of their investment, in addition to warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock issued to private placement investors
in a subsequent closing on September 13, 2023. The warrants expire from the initial exercise date and are exercisable
at an exercise price of per share. The initial exercise date was dependent on the authorization of additional shares of Common
Stock which occurred on December 28, 2023. The warrants contain provisions that protect their holders against dilution by adjustment
of the purchase price in certain events such as stock dividends, stock splits and other similar events. 

On
April 17, 2024, the Board of Directors approved the issuance of warrants to purchase shares of Common Stock to Oriole Avenue
Inc. Oriole with the same terms as the warrants issued to the Private Dror Shareholders (see Note 7). The warrants were
issued to an investor in respect of services to be performed pursuant to the Oriole Consulting Agreement (as defined herein) concluding
July 15, 2024. The fair value of the warrants on the date of issuance was , which was recognized as general and administrative
expense in the Statement of Operations. The aggregate fair value of was calculated using the Black-Scholes pricing model with
the following assumptions: (i) expected life of years, (ii) volatility of , (iii) risk free rate of (iv) dividend rate
of , (v) stock price of , and (vi) exercise price of . 

If
at the time of the warrant s exercise there is no effective registration statement registering, or no current prospectus available
for, the resale of the shares of Common Stock underlying the warrant, then the holder will have the right to exercise warrant by means
of a cashless exercise. In addition, if (i) the volume-weighted average price of the Company s Common Stock for 20 consecutive
trading days is at least of the exercise price of the warrants, (ii) the dollar trading volume of the Company s Common
Stock for each trading day within such 20-day trading period equals or exceeds , (iii) a registration statement providing
for the resale of the private placement shares is effective and such registration statement has been effective for six (6) months, (iv) the
holder of the warrant is not in possession of any information provided by the Company that constitutes material nonpublic information
and (v) the Company has not breached any of the terms of the investment documents (regardless of if such breach has been cured),
then the warrants may be redeemed at a price of per warrant up to one-half, in the aggregate, of the warrants upon not less than
20 days prior written notice of redemption to each holder, subject to certain customary restrictions. 

Equity
Incentive Plan 

Prior
to the Share Exchange, there were Private Dror employee stock options that had been granted to two executives and a director.
As part of the Share Exchange, the outstanding employee stock options were exchanged and the Company is required to issue new employee
stock options under the Company s 2023 Long-Term Incentive Plan (the 2023 Plan with the same terms as the previously
issued options. As the Company did not yet formalize the actual options exchange agreements, had not yet filed a new Equity Incentive
Plan with the Israeli tax authorities and did not have enough available authorized shares underlying the options to be issued at the
time of the merger, the new employee stock options were not issued. In December 2023 the Company authorized additional shares to cover
the employee stock options and in 2024 prepared all the legal filings for the establishment of the 2023 Plan. 

The
Company treated the exchange of the original options for the new options as a modification in accordance with ASC 718. The Company calculated
the fair value of the original options prior to the Share Exchange and the fair value of the new options at the time of the Share Exchange.
The increase in value due to the modification was and is to be recorded as additional share-based compensation expense. As
one third of the options had fully vested prior to the Share Exchange, the Company recognized one third of the total amount of the increased
value, amounting to at the time of the Share Exchange. The remaining two thirds of the incremental value relating to the unvested
options are going to be recorded over the remaining vesting period. 

10 

options to purchase Common Stock to Chaim Hurvitz, a director of the Company. The options
have an exercise price of per share, which vested immediately upon grant and terminate years from the grant date. The fair
value of the options on the date of issuance was , which was recognized as general and administrative expenses in the Statement
of Operations. 

Stock-based
compensation expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to and , respectively. Stock-based
compensation expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 amounted to and , respectively. Share-based
compensation relating to general and administrative expenses amounted to and for the three months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Share-based
compensation relating to research and development expenses amounted to and for the three months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

each month and was also granted options to purchase Ordinary Shares of Private Dror, which
options were exchanged for options to purchase shares of Common Stock in connection with the Share Exchange and which vest
in three tranches on the first, second, and third anniversary of the date of the Englander Consulting Agreement. The options are subject
to accelerated vesting upon an exit event. On February 7, 2024, the Company amended the Englander Consulting Agreement, which provides
that Mr. Englander s monthly cash fee in respect of the services provided is equal to and in addition to the monthly fee,
Mr. Englander is entitled to expense reimbursement in an amount not to exceed . Consulting services paid to the Mr. Englander recorded
as general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. Consulting
services paid to Mr. Englander recorded as general and administrative expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
was and , respectively. Accrued expense balances in respect of the Englander Consulting Agreement at September 30, 2024
and 2023 were and , respectively. 

On
February 7, 2024, the Company entered into a consulting agreement (the Ravad Consulting Agreement with Chaim Ravad, a
director of the Company, pursuant to which, in consideration for certain services provided as a board member, Mr. Ravad will receive
a cash fee of each month. The Ravad Consulting Agreement is terminable by either party upon 30 days written notice to the other
party and will terminate automatically once Mr. Ravad has received fees in the aggregate amount of . Consulting services paid
to Mr. Ravad recorded as general and administrative expenses was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Accrued expense balances in respect
of the Ravad Consulting Agreement at September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively. 

Shareholder
Consulting Services 

On August 8, 2023, the
Company entered into a consulting agreement (the Oriole Consulting Agreement with Oriole Avenue Inc. Oriole ), an entity owned by Yaacov Bodner, a stockholder of the Company, pursuant to which, in consideration for
certain shareholder, investors relations and general consultancy services, Oriole is entitled to receive cash payments equal in the
aggregate to , and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s Common Stock, with an
exercise price of per share and substantially the same terms as the Private Placement Warrants. The cash payment was paid in
equal monthly installments of , commencing on September 15, 2023, and expiring on . Although the agreement was
signed and the services were provided, the Board of Directors did not approve of the warrant issuance until April 17, 2024, as
required. The value of those warrants on April 17, 2024 amounted to which was amortized over the remaining service period.
Consulting services paid to Oriole recorded as general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023 was and , respectively. Consulting services paid to Oriole recorded as general and administrative expenses for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

11 

Item
2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The
following discussion and analysis of the results of operations and financial condition of Dror-Ortho Design, Inc. (the Company as of September 30, 2024 and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 should be read in conjunction with our financial statements
and the notes to those financial statements that are included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This discussion and analysis
should be read in conjunction with the Company s audited financial statements and related disclosures as of December 31, 2023,
which are included in the Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on April 1, 2024. References
in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations to us , we ,
 our and similar terms refer to the Company. 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements, which include information relating to future events,
future financial performance, financial projections, strategies, expectations, competitive environment and regulation. Words such as
 may, should, could, would, predicts, potential, continue, 
 expects, anticipates, future, intends, plans, believes, 
 estimates, and similar expressions, as well as statements in future tense, identify forward-looking statements. Forward-looking
statements should not be read as a guarantee of future performance or results and may not be accurate indications of when such performance
or results will be achieved. Forward-looking statements are based on information we have when those statements are made or management s
good faith belief as of that time with respect to future events and are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual performance
or results to differ materially from those expressed in or suggested by the forward-looking statements. Important factors that could
cause such differences include, but are not limited to: 

our operations and financial
 performance depend on global and regional economic conditions. Inflation, fluctuations in currency exchange rates, changes in consumer
 confidence and demand, and weakness in general economic conditions and threats, or actual recessions, could materially affect our
 business, results of operations, and financial condition.; 

the Company is in the development
 stage, is not generating revenues and has no operating history in the manufacturing and distribution of orthodontic medical devices
 or platforms for consumer use; 

our products and technologies
 may not be accepted by the intended commercial consumers of our products, which could harm our future financial performance; 

we expect continued operating
 losses and cannot be certain of our future profitability; 

our net revenues will depend
 primarily on our Platform and any decline in sales or average selling price of our Platform may adversely affect net revenues, gross
 margin and net income; 

the Company will face competition
 from large internationally established aligner companies whose products have been widely accepted; 

our growth and future success
 may depend on our ability to enhance our Platform or to develop, obtain regulatory clearance for, successfully introduce, and achieve
 market acceptance of new products and services; 

we are subject to operating
 risks, including excess or constrained capacity and operational inefficiencies, which could adversely affect our results of operations; 

our products and information
 technology systems are critical to our business. Issues with product development or enhancements, IT system integration, implementation,
 updates and upgrades could disrupt our operations and have a material impact on our business and operating results; 

complying with regulations
 enforced by FDA and other regulatory authorities is expensive and time consuming, and failure to comply could result in substantial
 penalties; 

we may not receive the
 necessary authorizations to market our Platform or any future new products, and any failure to timely do so may adversely affect
 our ability to grow our business. 

certain modifications to
 our products may require new 510(k) clearance or other marketing authorizations; 

ongoing changes in healthcare
 regulation could negatively affect our revenues, business and financial condition; 

we are subject to certain
 federal, state, and foreign fraud and abuse laws, health information privacy and security laws, and transparency laws, which, if
 violated, could subject us to substantial penalties. Additionally, any challenge to or investigation into our practices under these
 laws could cause adverse publicity and be costly to respond to, and thus could harm our business; 

12 

our success depends in
 part on our proprietary technology, and if we are unable to successfully enforce our intellectual property rights, our competitive
 position may be harmed; 

the relative lack of U.S.
 public company experience of our management team may put us at a competitive disadvantage; 

our Common Stock is not listed on any stock exchange and there is a
limited market for shares of our Common Stock. Even if a market for our Common Stock develops, our Common Stock could be subject to wide
fluctuations; and 

other risks and uncertainties
 outlined in section entitled Risk Factors and other risks detailed from time to time in our filings with the SEC or
 otherwise. 

The
foregoing does not represent an exhaustive list of matters that may be covered by the forward-looking statements contained herein or
risk factors that we are faced with that may cause our actual results to differ from those anticipated in our forward-looking statements.
For a discussion of these and other risks that relate to our business and financial performance, you should carefully review the risks
and uncertainties described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 1, 2024, and those described from time to time in our future reports filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Moreover, new risks regularly emerge, and it is not possible for us to predict or articulate
all risks we face, nor can we assess the impact of all risks on our business or the extent to which any risk, or combination of risks,
may cause actual results to differ from those contained in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements included in
this Form 10-Q are based on information available to us on the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except to the extent required
by applicable laws or rules, we undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We were incorporated as Novint Technologies, Inc. in the State of New
Mexico in April 1999. On February 26, 2002, we changed our state of incorporation to Delaware by merging with Novint Technologies, Inc.,
a Delaware corporation. On July 5, 2023, we entered into a share exchange agreement with the shareholders of Dror Ortho-Design, Ltd. Private
Dror ), pursuant to which, the shareholders of Private Dror agreed to exchange all of their outstanding ordinary shares Private
Dror for shares of our Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share Common Stock ), and Series A Convertible Preferred stock,
par value 0.0001 per share (the Series A Preferred Stock , and such transaction, the Share Exchange ). On August 14,
2023, the Share Exchange was consummated and we changed our name to Dror Ortho-Design, Inc. 

Following
the Share Exchange, we succeeded to the business of Private Dror as its sole line of business. The Share Exchange is being accounted
for as a recapitalization, with Private Dror deemed to be the accounting acquirer and the Company the acquired company. Accordingly,
Private Dror s historical financial statements for periods prior to the consummation of the Share Exchange have become those of
the Company. Operations reported for periods prior to the Share Exchange are those of Private Dror. 

Our
Company 

We
have reimagined the way people can correct their smile. 

We
plan to disrupt the aligner market by offering millions of people a revolutionary alternative. We believe that people do not need to
change their lifestyle to correct their smile as they are required to do with existing aligner solutions. 

13 

Existing
aligner solutions generally share the same treatment principles, which are different from our solution. In most cases, patients seeking
to improve their smile need to undergo a 12-to-15 month process of wearing plastic aligners, which need to be worn the entire day and
should only be removed while eating or drinking. Patients are prescribed a series of 20 to 30 aligners that are intended to forcefully
move teeth progressively closer to their intended final position. This process causes pain every time a new aligner is used and restricts
blood circulation, which counterproductively slows down tooth movement. All-day aligner solutions are also intrusive, as patients need
to conduct their lives at work or school wearing the plastic aligners. In addition, most existing aligner therapies require multiple
visits to an orthodontist to monitor the progress of treatment plans through intraoral scanning, physical examination and patient testimony. 

We
believe that recent rapid advancements in technology have made traditional aligner solutions no longer the most effective treatment option
for smile correction. Our Company has developed a proprietary AI-based platform to correct people s smiles in a discreet and less
painful manner (the Platform ). The Platform uses only one smart aligner to gently move teeth into their optimum position
with pulsating air while the patient is sleeping or at home. 

We
have several patents for the technology used in the Platform and is currently in the process of preparing the prototype for clearance
by the FDA. 

Our
predecessor first generation Aerodentis System is a Class II medical device, which was cleared by FDA for commercialization in the U.S.
pursuant to the 510(k) notification process for movement and alignment of teeth during orthodontic treatment of malocclusion in April
2020. The Company is preparing to apply for 510(k) clearance for the Platform as a Class II medical device, which constitutes an updated
version of the currently cleared device. Such updated Platform contains new and/or different components than the original device, which
is why a new 510(k) clearance is required prior to marketing the Platform in the U.S. We have not yet filed a 510(k) submission for the
Platform, and it has, thus, not been found by the FDA to be substantially equivalent to the first generation Aerodentis System. 

The
Company currently does not generate revenues to fund operations and anticipates that it will continue to incur significant losses as
it continues to develop the Platform. Please refer to Risk Factors - We are in the development stage, are not generating revenues
and have no operating history in the manufacturing and distribution of orthodontic medical devices or platforms for consumer use 
included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information. The Company intends to spend
approximately 2 million over the next 12 months on software and hardware development as well as the accompanying regulatory approvals
and IP protection associated with such software and hardware projects. 

Recent
Developments 

Pursuant
to the terms of the Share Exchange, the Company entered into to a Securities Purchase Agreement, by and between the Company and certain
purchasers identified therein (the Private Placement Investors ), dated as of August 14, 2023 (the Securities Purchase
Agreement ), pursuant to which, the Private Placement Investors received shares of Common Stock (the Private Placement Shares ),
shares of Series A Preferred Stock and warrants to purchase Common Stock (the Private Placement Warrants ). 

In connection with the Private Placement, on August 14, 2023, the Company
entered into a registration rights agreement with the Private Placement Investors (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant
to which the Company agreed to register, among other registrable securities (as further described in the Registration Rights Agreement),
on Form S-1 (or, if the Company is then eligible, on Form S-3) with the SEC: (i) the Private Placement Shares, (ii) the shares of Common
Stock underlying the shares of Series A Preferred Stock (the Conversion Shares ), (iii) the shares of Common Stock underlying
the Private Placement Warrants issued to the Private Placement Investors (the Warrant Shares ), and (iv) the shares of the
Company s Common Stock underlying the securities issued to the investors who, on or about December 6, 2021, participated in the
 3,000,000 financing (the December 2021 Shares and, together with the Private Placement Shares, the Conversion Shares, the
Warrant Shares, the Registrable Securities ). 

On
August 13, 2024, the Company and certain of the Private Placement Investors entered into an Amendment to the Registration Rights Agreement Registration Rights Agreement Amendment ), pursuant to which, (i) the date in which a registration statement registering
the resale of the Registrable Securities (the Registration Statement is required to be filed pursuant to the Registration
Rights Agreement was amended to February 9, 2024, and (ii) the date in which the Registration Statement is required to be declared effective
by the SEC pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement was amended to June 14, 2024. In consideration for entering into the Registration
Rights Agreement Amendment, the Company agreed to pay the Private Placement Investors the liquidated damages equal to the amount that
would otherwise have accrued pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, without giving effect to the Registration Rights Agreement
Amendment. 

14 

Going
Concern 

The Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements
have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal
course of business. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company s cash used in operations was 2,161,081 leaving
a cash balance of 1,160,913 as of September 30, 2024. Because the Company does not have sufficient resources to fund its operations for
the next twelve months from the date of this filing, management has substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. 

General 

The
Company is involved in the research and development of an orthodontic alignment platform. The Company has several patents for the technology
used in the platform and is currently in the process of preparing the prototype for FDA approval. 

Results
of Operations 

Comparison
of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024, and the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

The
following table sets forth the results of operations of the Company for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Research and development 
 451,030 
 325,360 
 125,670 
 39 
 
 General and administrative 
 307,593 
 227,484 
 80,109 
 35 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 543,101 
 2,516 
 540,585 
 21,486 
 
 Other income (expenses), net 
 (525,211 
 1,824 
 (527,035 
 (28,894 

Research
and development expenses 

Research
and development expenses were 451,030 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 325,360 for the three months ended
September 30, 2023. The increase in research and development expenses of 125,670 or 39 , was primarily due to increased activities relating
to the development of our new product. 

General
and administrative expenses 

General
and administrative expenses were 307,593 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 227,484 for the three months ended
September 30, 2023. The increase in general and administrative expenses of 80,109 or 35 , was primarily due to an increase in salaries
and related expenses, as well as professional fees during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Share-based
Compensation Expenses 

Share-based
compensation expenses were 543,101 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2,516 for the three months ended September
30, 2023. The increase in share-based compensation expenses of 540,585 or 21,486 , was primarily due to the modification of the outstanding
stock options as part of the Share Exchange. 

Other
income (expenses), net 

Other
expense was 525,211 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1,824 of income for the three months ended September
30, 2023. The decrease in financial income, net of 527,035 or 28,894 , was primarily due to liquidated damages accrual of 520,000 and
exchange rate differences resulting from the translation of NIS based assets and liabilities to U.S. Dollars. 

15 

Comparison
of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024, and the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

The
following table sets forth the results of operations of the Company for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023: 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Research and development 
 1,213,903 
 764,721 
 449,182 
 59 
 
 General and administrative 
 1,026,431 
 543,929 
 482,502 
 89 
 
 Share-based compensation 
 1,854,726 
 12,636 
 1,842,090 
 14,578 
 
 Other income (expenses), net 
 (547,128 
 16,364 
 (563,492 
 (3,443 

Research
and development expenses 

Research
and development expenses were 1,213,903 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 764,721 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2023. The increase in research and development expenses of 449,182 or 59 , was primarily due to increased activities relating
to the development of our new product. 

General
and administrative expenses 

General
and administrative expenses were 1,026,431 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 543,929 for the nine months ended
September 30, 2023. The increase in general and administrative expenses of 482,502 or 89 , was primarily due to an increase in salaries
and related expenses, as well as professional fees during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Share-based
Compensation Expenses 

Share-based
compensation expenses were 1,854,726 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 12,636 for the nine months ended September
30, 2023. The increase in share-based compensation expenses of 1,842,090 or 14,578 , was primarily due to the modification of the outstanding
stock options as part of the Share Exchange. 

Other
income (expenses), net 

Other
expense was 547,128 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 16,364 of income for the nine months ended September
30, 2023. The decrease in other income, net of 563,492 or 3,443 , was primarily due to liquidated damages accrual of 520,000 and exchange
rate differences resulting from the translation of NIS based assets and liabilities to U.S. Dollars. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Sources
of Liquidity 

We
do not have revenues to fund operations. We anticipate that we will continue to incur significant losses as we continue to develop our
product. Historically, our primary source of cash has been proceeds from the sale of equity instruments. We raised 5.225 million through
a private placement sale of shares to new investors concurrent with the Share Exchange. We intend to spend approximately 2 million over
the next 12 months on software and hardware development as well as the accompanying regulatory approvals and IP protection associated
with such software and hardware projects. 

We
will need to raise additional capital to fund operating losses and grow our operations. There can be no assurance however that we will
be able to raise additional capital when needed, or at terms deemed acceptable, if at all. Such factors raise substantial doubt about
our ability to sustain operations for at least one year from the issuance of the interim condensed consolidated financial statements
included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability
and classification of asset amounts or the classification of liabilities that might be necessary should we be unable to continue as a
going concern. For additional information, see the section above titled MD A Going Concern. 

16 

Cash
Flows 

Nine months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash used in 

Operating activities 
 (2,178,725 
 (1,736,810 
 
 Investing activities 
 (25,849 
 17,966 
 
 Financing activities 
 - 
 4,695,336 
 
 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 
 (2,204,574 
 2,976,492 

Operating
activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 2,178,725 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to 1,736,810 for the nine
months ended September 30, 2023. The amount for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily consisted of a net loss of 4,642,188
offset by non-cash charges of 1,857,526 (including: depreciation of 2,800 and share-based compensation expense of 1,854,726), and
an increase in working capital excluding cash of 605,937. The amount for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily consisted
of a net loss of 1,304,922 offset by non-cash charges of 13,138 (including: Share-based compensation expense of 12,636 and depreciation
of 502), and a decrease in working capital excluding cash of 445,026. 

Investing
Activities 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in investing activities was 25,849 relating to the purchase of fixed assets.
During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by investing activities was 17,966 relating to the cash received
in the Share Exchange. 

Financing
activities 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was no cash provided by or used in financing activities. During the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities was 4,695,336 relating to the net proceeds from the private placement
raise. 

Effects
of Inflation 

Management
does not believe that inflation has had a material impact on the Company s business, sales, or operating results during the periods
presented. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company currently does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements or financing activities with special-purpose entities. 

Critical
Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates 

The
SEC defined a company s critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of our financial condition
and results of operations and which require us to make our most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to
make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Based
on this definition, we have identified the critical accounting policies and judgments addressed below. We also have other key accounting
policies that are significant to understanding our results. 

17 

Research
and Development 

We
expense all research and development costs as they are incurred. Research and development includes expenditures in connection with in-house
research and development salaries and staff costs, consulting fees, as well as proprietary products and technology. 

Use
of Estimates 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates or assumptions that affect the
reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements
and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could vary from those estimates. Management
utilizes various other estimates, including but not limited to accrued royalties, estimated lives of long-lived assets, the valuation
of stock-based compensation, the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets and other contingencies. The results of any changes in accounting
estimates are reflected in the financial statements in the period in which the changes become evident. Estimates and assumptions are
reviewed periodically, and the effects of revisions are reflected in the period that they are determined to be necessary. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

The
Company has reviewed the recent accounting pronouncements issued by the FASB, including its Emerging Issues Task Force, the American
Institute of Certified Public Accountants, and the SEC and determined that these pronouncements do not have a material impact on the
Company s current or anticipated consolidated financial statement presentation or disclosures. 

Item
3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

We
are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information required
under this item. 

Item
4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, after evaluating the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) as of
the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, have concluded that, based on such evaluation, our disclosure controls
and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Change
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024
that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

18 

PART
II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item
1. Legal Proceedings 

From
time to time, we may be involved in litigation that arises through the normal course of business. As of the date of this filing, we are
not a party to any material litigation nor are we aware of any such threatened or pending litigation. 

There
are no proceedings in which any of our directors, officers, affiliates or any registered or beneficial stockholders is an adverse party
or has a material interest adverse to our interest. 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

The
following description of risk factors includes any material changes to, and supersedes the description of, the risk factors addressed
below associated with our business, financial condition and results of operations previously disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors 
of our Annual Report for the year ended December 31, 2023 on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024 as amended
on April 25, 2024. Our business, financial condition and operating results can be affected by a number of factors, whether currently
known or unknown, including but not limited to those described below, any one or more of which could, directly or indirectly, cause our
actual financial condition and operating results to vary materially from past, or from anticipated future, financial condition and operating
results. Any of these factors, in whole or in part, could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, operating
results and stock price. 

The
following discussion of risk factors contains forward-looking statements. This risk factor may be important to understanding other statements
in this Form 10-Q. The following information should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and related
notes in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements and Part I, Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of
Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Form 10-Q. 

The
Company s financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis and do not include adjustments that might be necessary
if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. Management has substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue
as a going concern. 

The
Company s unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates
the realization of assets and the satisfaction of liabilities in the normal course of business. During the nine months ended September
30, 2024, the Company s cash used in operations was 2,178,725 leaving a cash balance of 1,143,269 as of September 30, 2024. Because
the Company does not have sufficient resources to fund our operations for the next twelve months from the date of this filing, management
has substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The consolidated financial statements do not
include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of asset amounts or the classification of liabilities that
might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. 

The
Company will need to raise additional capital to finance its losses and negative cash flows from operations and may continue to be dependent
on additional capital raising as long as its products do not reach commercial profitability. There are no assurances that the Company
would be able to raise additional capital on terms favorable to it. If the Company is unsuccessful in commercializing its products and
raising capital, it will need to reduce activities, curtail, or cease operations. 

We
conduct our operations in Israel. Conditions in Israel, including the recent attack by Hamas and other terrorist organizations from the
Gaza Strip and Israel s war against them, may affect our operations. 

Because
our wholly-owned subsidiary is incorporated under the laws of the State of Israel, all of our operations are conducted in Israel and
all of our employees and management personnel are located in Israel, our business and operations are directly affected by economic, political,
geopolitical and military conditions in Israel. Since the establishment of the State of Israel in 1948, a number of armed conflicts have
occurred between Israel and its neighboring countries and terrorist organizations active in the region. These conflicts have involved
missile strikes, hostile infiltrations and terrorism against civilian targets in various parts of Israel, which have negatively affected
business conditions in Israel. 

19 

In
October 2023, Hamas terrorists infiltrated Israel s southern border from the Gaza Strip and conducted a series of attacks on civilian
and military targets. Hamas also launched extensive rocket attacks on the Israeli population, industrial centers located along Israel s
border with the Gaza Strip and in other areas within the State of Israel. Following the attack, Israel s security cabinet declared
war against Hamas and a military campaign against these terrorist organizations commenced in parallel to their continued rocket and terror
attacks. Moreover, the clash between Israel and Hezbollah in Lebanon may escalate in the future into a greater regional conflict. 

Any
hostilities involving Israel, or the interruption or curtailment of trade within Israel or between Israel and its trading partners, could
adversely affect our operations and results of operations and could make it more difficult for us to raise capital. Parties with whom
we may do business have sometimes declined to travel to Israel during periods of heightened unrest or tension, forcing us to make alternative
arrangements when necessary. The conflict situation in Israel could cause situations where medical product certifying or auditing bodies
could not be able to visit manufacturing facilities of our subcontractors in Israel in order to review our certifications or clearances,
thus possibly leading to temporary suspensions or even cancellations of our product clearances or certifications. The conflict situation
in Israel could also result in parties with whom we have agreements involving performance in Israel claiming that they are not obligated
to perform their commitments under those agreements pursuant to force majeure provisions in such agreements. 

There
have been travel advisories imposed as related to travel to Israel, and restrictions on travel or delays and disruptions as related to
imports and exports may be imposed in the future. An inability to receive supplies and materials, shortages of materials or difficulties
in procuring our materials, among others, may adversely impact our ability to commercialize and manufacture our product candidates and
products in a timely manner. This could cause a number of delays and/or issues for our operations, including delay of the review of our
product candidates by regulatory agencies, which in turn would have a material adverse impact on our ability to commercialize our product
candidates. 

The
Israel Defense Force (the IDF ), the national military of Israel, is a conscripted military service, subject to certain
exceptions. Several employees of our vendors are subject to military service in the IDF and have been or may be called to serve. It is
possible that there will be further military reserve duty call-ups in the future, which may affect our business due to a shortage of
skilled labor and loss of institutional knowledge, and necessary mitigation measures we may take to respond to a decrease in labor availability,
such as overtime and third-party outsourcing, which may have unintended negative effects and adversely impact our results of operations,
liquidity or cash flows. 

It
is currently not possible to predict the duration or severity of the ongoing conflict or its effects on our business, operations and
financial conditions. The ongoing conflict is rapidly evolving and developing, and could disrupt our business and operations, interrupt
our sources and availability of supplies, and hamper our ability to raise additional funds or sell our securities, among others. 

Item
2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

There
were no unregistered sales of the Company s equity securities during the three months ended September 30, 2024, other than those
previously reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

Item
3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

Not
applicable. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
Applicable. 

Item
5. Other Information 

. 

20 

Item
6. Exhibits 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101 INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101 SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Schema Document 
 
 101 CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Calculation
 Linkbase Document 
 
 101 DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension
 Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101 LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Labels
 Linkbase Document 
 
 101 PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Presentation
 Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive
 Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

21 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DROR-ORTHO DESIGN, INC. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Eliyahu
 (Lee) Haddad 

Name: 
 Eliyahu (Lee) Haddad 

Title: 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer and 
 Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

22 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea0220808ex31-1_drorortho.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302 

I, Eliyahu (Lee) Haddad, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Dror-Ortho Design, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Eliyahu (Lee) Haddad 

Eliyahu (Lee) Haddad 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea0220808ex31-2_drorortho.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATIONS UNDER SECTION 302 

I, Eliyahu (Lee) Haddad, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Dror-Ortho Design, Inc. (the registrant ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Eliyahu (Lee) Haddad 

Eliyahu (Lee) Haddad 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea0220808ex32-1_drorortho.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION FURNISHED PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

This certification is furnished solely pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) and accompanies the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, of Dror-Ortho Design, Inc. (the Company ). I, Eliyahu (Lee) Haddad, the Chief Executive
Officer of the Company, certify that, based on my knowledge: 

(1) The Form 10-Q fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
as of and for the periods covered in this report. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Eliyahu (Lee) Haddad 

Eliyahu (Lee) Haddad 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea0220808ex32-2_drorortho.htm
 CERTIFICATION

E xhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION FURNISHED PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

This certification is furnished solely pursuant to
Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. 1350) and accompanies the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, of Dror-Ortho Design, Inc. (the Company ). I, Eliyahu (Lee) Haddad, the Chief Financial
Officer of the Company, certify that, based on my knowledge: 

(1) The Form 10-Q fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
as of and for the periods covered in this report. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Eliyahu (Lee) Haddad 

Eliyahu (Lee) Haddad 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 dror-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 dror-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 dror-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 dror-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 dror-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

