<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241002_10-K-A_edgar_data_1127371_0001628280-24-041802.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16710667</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>119026</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2234644</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>6957405</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3625688</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3374980</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-041802.hdr.sgml : 20241002
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241001210742
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-041802
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K/A
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		111
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20231231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241002
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241001

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Community West Bancshares
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001127371
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				770539125
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K/A
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-31977
		FILM NUMBER:		241344999

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7100 N. FINANCIAL DRIVE, #101
		CITY:			FRESNO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93720
		BUSINESS PHONE:		559-298-1775

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7100 N. FINANCIAL DRIVE, #101
		CITY:			FRESNO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			93720

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001117

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-041802.txt : 20241002

10-K/A
 1
 cvcy-20231231.htm
 10-K/A

cvcy-20231231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 Amendment No. 1 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2023 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
 ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 CALIFORNIA (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on which Registered NASDAQ Capital Market 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulations S-T (232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Emerging growth company 

Smaller reporting company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of June 30, 2023 , the aggregate market value of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was based on the price at which the stock was last sold on June 30, 2023. 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 
 Common Stock, No Par Value Outstanding at March 15, 2024 shares 

Table of Contents 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 
 Community West Bancshares (the Company ), formerly named Central Valley Community Bancorp, is filing this Amendment No. 1 on Form 10-K/A (this Amendment to amend its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 15, 2024 (the Original 10-K ). 
 
 This Amendment is being filed for the sole purpose of correcting a typographical error in the signature date on the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm in Part II, Item 8, which was dated March 15, 2024 instead of March 9, 2023. As required by the SEC, this Amendment includes new certifications pursuant to Sections 302 and 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed as Exhibits 31.1, 31.2, 32.1 and 32.2, hereto. 
 
 Except as described above, the Company has not modified or updated the Original 10-K or the financial statements included therein or modified any disclosures contained in the Original 10-K. Accordingly, this Amendment, with the exception of the foregoing, does not reflect events occurring after the date of filing of the Original 10-K, or modify or update any disclosures affected by subsequent events. Consequently, all other information not affected by the correction described above is unchanged and reflects the disclosures and other information made at the date of the filing of the Original 10-K and should be read in conjunction with our filings with the SEC subsequent to the filing of the Original 10-K, including amendments to those filings, if any. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 ITEM 8 - 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 4 
 ITEM 15 - 
 EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 51 
 SIGNATURES 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 8 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Central Valley Community Bancorp 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Central Valley Community Bancorp and subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2023, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2023, and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for the year then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 
 As discussed in Notes 1, 2, and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed its method of accounting for allowance for credit losses as of January 1, 2023, due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Updated No. 2016-13, which established Accounting Standards Codification Topic 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses . 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures to respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses for Loans 

Table of Contents 

 As described in Notes 1 and 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, as of January 1, 2023, using the modified retrospective method for all financial assets measured at amortized cost and off-balance sheet credit exposures. Upon adoption, the Company recorded a decrease to retained earnings of 3.7 million, net of taxes, for the cumulative effect. As further discussed in Note 3 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company s allowance for credit losses for loans was 14.7 million as of December 31, 2023. The allowance for credit losses is maintained to cover lifetime expected credit losses in the loan portfolio. The Company estimates its allowance for credit losses based on modeled expectations of lifetime expected credit losses utilizing national and local peer group historical losses and weighting of economic scenarios. The Company incorporates forward-looking information using macroeconomic scenarios, which include variables that are considered key drivers of credit losses within the portfolio. These scenarios consist of a base forecast representing the most likely outcome, combined with downside or upside scenarios reflecting possible worsening or improving economic conditions. 
 
 We identified the elections and key assumptions involved in the adoption of Topic 326, and the selection and weighting of economic scenarios used by the Company s management in the estimate of the allowance for credit losses for loans as a critical audit matter. The principal consideration for our determination of the allowance for credit losses for loans as a critical audit matter is the subjectivity required by management in the elections of national or local peer group historical losses and selection and weighting of the forecasted economic scenarios. Auditing management s judgments regarding modeled expectations applied to the allowance for credit losses for loans involved significant audit effort, as well as especially challenging and subjective auditor judgment when performing audit procedures and evaluating the results of those procedures. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Testing the process used by management and evaluating the appropriateness of the methodology used to estimate the allowance for credit losses. 
 
 Evaluating the appropriateness of the Company s elections and key assumptions involved in the adoption of Topic 326. 
 
 Evaluating the reasonableness of significant assumptions used by management, including the modeled economic scenarios selected and weighting applied. 
 
 Evaluating the relevance and reliability of the data used by management in the economic scenarios, such as the use of national or local peer group historical losses by loan portfolio segment. 
 
 Testing the completeness and accuracy of key model inputs including loan data. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2023 . 
 March 15, 2024 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Shareholders and the Board of Directors of 
 Central Valley Community Bancorp and Subsidiary 
 Fresno, California 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of Central Valley Community Bancorp and Subsidiary (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022, the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Crowe LLP 

We served as the Company's auditor from 2011 to 2023. 
 
 Sacramento, California 
 March 9, 2023 

Table of Contents 

CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 December 31, 2023 and 2022 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 2023 2022 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits in other banks Total cash and cash equivalents Available-for-sale debt securities, at fair value, net of allowance for credit losses of 0, with an amortized cost of 669,646 at December 31, 2023 and 740,468 at December 31, 2022 Held-to-maturity debt securities, at amortized cost less allowance for credit losses of 1,051 at December 31, 2023 and 0 at December 31, 2022 Equity securities, at fair value Loans, less allowance for credit losses of 14,653 at December 31, 2023 and 10,848 at December 31, 2022 Bank premises and equipment, net Bank owned life insurance Federal Home Loan Bank stock Goodwill Accrued interest receivable and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Deposits: Non-interest bearing Interest bearing Total deposits Short-term borrowings Senior debt and subordinated debentures, net Accrued interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) Common stock, no par value; 80,000,000 shares authorized; issued and outstanding: 11,818,039 at December 31, 2023 and 11,735,291 at December 31, 2022 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents 

 CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 2023 2022 2021 Interest income: Interest and fees on loans Interest on deposits in other banks Interest and dividends on investment securities: Taxable Exempt from Federal income taxes Total interest income Interest expense: Interest on deposits Interest on short-term borrowings Interest on senior debt and subordinated debentures Total interest expense Net interest income before provision (credit) for credit losses Provision (credit) for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision (credit) for credit losses Non-interest income: Interchange fees Service charges Appreciation in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance Loan placement fees Federal Home Loan Bank dividends Net realized gain on sale of assets Net realized (losses) gains on sales and calls of investment securities ) ) Other income Total non-interest income Non-interest expenses: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Information technology Professional services Data processing expense Regulatory assessments ATM/Debit card expenses Directors expenses Advertising Loan related expenses Personnel other Amortization of core deposit intangibles Other expense Total non-interest expenses Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Cash dividends per common share 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents 

 CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 (In thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Net income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss): Unrealized gains (losses) on securities: Unrealized holdings gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) Less: reclassification for net losses (gains) included in net income ) Amortization of net unrealized losses transferred Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) ) Tax (expense) benefit related to items of other comprehensive income (loss) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents 

 CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Net of Taxes) Total Shareholders Equity Common Stock Retained Earnings (In thousands, except share amounts) Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2021 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Restricted stock granted, net of forfeitures Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan 
 Stock awarded to employees Stock-based compensation expense 
 Cash dividend 0.47 per common share) ) ) Stock options exercised Repurchase and retirement of common stock 
 ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2021 Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Restricted stock granted, net of forfeitures Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan 
 Stock awarded to employees Stock-based compensation expense 
 Cash dividend 0.48 per common share) ) ) Stock options exercised Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Implementation of ASU 2016-13, Current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) Day 1 Adjustment ) ) Adjusted Balance, January 1, 2023 ) Net income 
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax Restricted stock granted, net of forfeitures Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan 
 Stock awarded to employees Stock-based compensation expense 
 Cash dividend 0.48 per common share) ) ) Repurchase and retirement of common stock 
 ) ) ) Balance, December 31, 2023 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents 

CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 (In thousands) 2023 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net decrease (increase) in deferred loan costs ) Depreciation Accretion ) ) ) Amortization Stock-based compensation Provision (reversal) for credit losses ) Net realized losses (gains) on sales and calls of available-for-sale investment securities ) Net gain on sale and disposal of equipment ) ) ) Net change in equity investments ) Appreciation in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance ) ) ) Net increase in accrued interest receivable and other assets ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in accrued interest payable and other liabilities ) (Benefit) provision for deferred income taxes Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities: Purchases of available-for-sale investment securities ) ) Proceeds from sales or calls of available-for-sale investment securities Proceeds from sales or calls of held-to-maturity investment securities Proceeds from maturity and principal repayment of available-for-sale investment securities Proceeds from principal repayments of held-to-maturity investment securities Net (increase) decrease in loans ) ) Purchases of premises and equipment ) ) ) Purchases of bank owned life insurance ) FHLB stock purchased ) ) Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash Flows From Financing Activities: Net (decrease) increase in demand, interest-bearing and savings deposits ) ) Net increase (decrease) in time deposits ) Proceeds from issuance of subordinated debt Proceeds from short-term borrowings from Federal Home Loan Bank Repayments of short-term borrowings to Federal Home Loan Bank ) ) Proceeds of issuance of senior debt Proceeds of borrowings from other financial institutions Repayments of borrowings from other financial institutions ) Purchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Proceeds from exercise of stock options Cash dividend payments on common stock ) ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AT END OF YEAR 

Table of Contents 

 CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 
 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes Operating cash flows from operating leases Non-cash investing and financing activities: Unrealized gain (loss) on securities available for sale ) ) Transfer of securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Transfer of unrealized losses on securities from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

Table of Contents 

 Central Valley Community Bancorp and Subsidiary 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

1. 
 full service offices throughout California s San Joaquin Valley and Greater Sacramento Region. The Bank s primary source of revenue is providing loans to customers who are predominately small and middle-market businesses and individuals. 
 
 The deposits of the Bank are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC) up to applicable legal limits. Depositors accounts at an insured depository institution, including all non-interest bearing transactions accounts, will be insured by the FDIC up to the standard maximum deposit insurance amount of 250,000 for each deposit insurance ownership category. 
 
 The accounting and reporting policies of the Company and the Bank conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and prevailing practices within the banking industry. 
 
 Management has determined that because all of the banking products and services offered by the Company are available in each branch of the Bank, all branches are located within the same economic environment and management does not allocate resources based on the performance of different lending or transaction activities, it is appropriate to aggregate the Bank branches and report them as a single operating segment. No customer accounts for more than 10 percent of revenues for the Company or the Bank. 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 

Table of Contents 

and years. The useful lives of improvements to Bank premises, furniture, fixtures and equipment are estimated to be three to . Leasehold improvements are amortized over the life of the asset or the term of the related lease, whichever is shorter. When assets are sold or otherwise disposed of, the cost and related accumulated depreciation are removed from the accounts, and any resulting gain or loss is recognized in income for the period. The cost of maintenance and repairs is charged to expense as incurred. 

Table of Contents 

for other real estate owned at December 31, 2023 and at December 31, 2022. 
 
 for foreclosed assets at December 31, 2023 and at December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents 

 from the date of acquisition. Management evaluates the remaining useful lives quarterly to determine whether events or circumstances warrant a revision to the remaining periods of amortization. Based on the evaluation, no changes to the remaining useful lives was required. During 2023 the amortization of the core deposit intangible, from previously completed acquisitions, was completed. Therefore, Management did not need to perform an annual impairment test on core deposit intangibles as of September 30, 2023, as no impairment was possible. Core deposit intangibles could also be tested for impairment between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value below its carrying amount. 

. 

Table of Contents 

Impact of New Financial Accounting Standards Adopted in 2023 
 
 On January 1, 2023, the Company adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, as amended, which replaces the incurred loss methodology with an expected loss methodology that is referred to as the current expected credit loss (CECL) methodology. The measurement of expected credit losses under the CECL methodology is applicable to financial assets measured at amortized cost, including loan receivables and held-to-maturity securities. It also applies to off-balance sheet credit exposures not accounted for as insurance (loan commitments, standby letters of credit, financial guarantees, and other similar instruments). In addition, credit losses recognized on available-for-sale debt securities will be presented as an allowance as opposed to a write-down, based on management s intent to sell the security or the likelihood the Company will be required to sell the security before recovery of the amortized cost basis. 
 
 The Company adopted ASC 326 using the modified retrospective method for all financial assets measured at amortized cost and off-balance sheet credit exposures. Results for the reporting periods beginning after January 1, 2023 are presented under ASC 326 while prior period amounts continue to be reported in accordance with previously applicable GAAP. The Company recognized an increase in the allowance for credit losses on loans totaling , a reserve for credit losses for held-to-maturity securities of , and an increase to the reserve for unfunded commitments of with a corresponding decrease, net of taxes, in retained earnings, of as of January 1, 2023 for the cumulative effect of adopting ASC 326. 
 
 The Company also adopted ASU 2022-02, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses (Topic 326): Troubled Debt Restructurings and Vintage Disclosures upon the adoption of ASU 2016-13 as of January 1, 2023 on a prospective basis. The amendments in this update eliminated the accounting guidance for troubled debt restructurings TDRs by creditors in Subtopic 310-40, Receivables-Troubled Debt Restructurings by Creditors , while enhancing disclosure requirements for certain loan refinancings and restructurings by creditors when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty. Specifically, rather than applying the recognition and measurement guidance for TDRs, an entity must apply the loan refinancing and restructuring guidance in paragraphs 310-20-35-9 through 35-11 to determine whether a modification results in a new loan or a continuation of an existing loan. Additionally, for public business entities, the amendments in this Update require that an entity disclose current-period gross write-offs by year of origination for financing receivables and net investments in leases within the scope of Subtopic 326-20, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses-Measured at Amortized Cost in the vintage disclosures required by paragraph 326-20-50-6. The adoption modified the Company s disclosures but did not have a material impact on its financial position or results of operations. 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 
 ) U.S. Government agencies ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 ) Private label mortgage and asset backed securities ) ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated Fair Value Allowance for Credit Losses Held to Maturity Debt Securities: Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 ) Private label mortgage and asset backed securities ) Corporate debt securities ) ) 

Table of Contents 

 ) U.S. Government agencies ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 ) Private label mortgage and asset backed securities ) Corporate debt securities ` ) 
 
 December 31, 2022 Held-to-Maturity Securities Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized 
 Gains 
 Gross Unrealized Losses Estimated 
 Fair Value 
 Debt securities: Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 ) Private label mortgage and asset backed securities 
 ) Corporate debt securities ) Total held-to-maturity ) 
 
 Gross realized gains from sales or calls Gross realized losses from sales or calls ) ) ) 
 
 During the second quarter of 2022, the Company re-designated certain securities previously classified as available-for-sale to the held-to-maturity classification. The securities re-designated consisted of obligations of states and political subdivision securities, U.S. Government sponsored entity and agency securities collateralized by residential mortgage obligations, private label mortgage and asset backed securities, and corporate debt securities with a total carrying value of million at April 1, 2022. At the time of re-designation, the securities included million of pretax unrealized losses in other comprehensive income; which is being amortized over the remaining life of the securities in a manner consistent with the amortization of a premium or discount. 
 
 As market interest rates or risks associated with an avail able-for-sale security s issuer continue to change and impact the actual or perceived values of investment securities, the Company may determine that selling these securities and using proceeds to purchase securities that fit with the Company s current risk profile is appropriate and beneficial to the Company. 
 
 Losses recognized in 2023, 2022, and 2021 were incurred in order to reposition the investment securities portfolio based on the current rate environment. The securities sold at a loss were acquired when the rate environment was not as volatile. The securities sold were primarily purchased to serve a purpose in the rate environment in which the securities were purchased. The Company addressed risks in the security portfolio by selling these securities and using the proceeds to fund loan growth. 

Table of Contents 
), ), and income (benefit)/tax impact from the reclassification of unrealized net (losses)/gains on available-for-sale securities to realized net (losses)/gains on available-for-sale securities for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 The amortized cost and estimated fair value of available-for-sale and held-to-maturity investment securities at December 31, 2023 and 2022 by contractual maturity are shown in the two tables below (in thousands). Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because the issuers of the securities may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. Securities not due at a single maturity date are shown separately. 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 Available-for-Sale Securities Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Within one year After one year through five years After five years through ten years After ten years Investment securities not due at a single maturity date: U.S. Government agencies U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 Private label mortgage and asset backed securities 
 December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 Held-to-Maturity Securities Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Within one year After one year through five years After five years through ten years After ten years Investment securities not due at a single maturity date: U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 Private label mortgage and asset backed securities 
 Corporate debt securities 

At December 31, 2023 there were five issuers of private label mortgage securities in which the Company had holdings of securities in amounts greater than 10 of shareholders equity. Investments with these issuers were in senior tranches and/or were rated AAA or higher and there were no credit issues identified. 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) U.S. Government agencies ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 ) ) ) Private label residential mortgage and asset backed securities 
 ) ) ) ) ) 

December 31, 2023 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Held-to-Maturity Securities Debt Securities: Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 ) ) Private label residential mortgage and asset backed securities 
 ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) ) ) 

December 31, 2022 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or More Total Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Available-for-Sale Securities Debt Securities: U.S. Treasury securities ) ) U.S. Government agencies ) ) Obligations of states and political subdivisions ) ) ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 ) ) ) Private label residential mortgage backed securities 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 ) ) Private label residential mortgage and asset backed securities 
 ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had a total of AFS debt securities in a gross unrealized loss position with no credit impairment, consisting of U.S. Treasury securities and U.S. Government agencies, obligations of states and political subdivisions, U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations, and private label mortgage and asset backed securities. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Available-for-Sale Debt Securities 
 
 Each reporting period, the Company assesses each AFS debt security that is in an unrealized loss position to determine whether the decline in fair value below the amortized cost basis results from a credit loss or other factors. The Company did not record an ACL on any available for sale securities at December 31, 2023 or upon adoption of ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2023. As of both dates, the Company considers the unrealized losses across the classes of major security-type to be related to fluctuations in market conditions, primarily interest rates, and not reflective of a deterioration in credit value. As of December 31, 2023, the Company determined that it is not more likely than not that the Company would be required to sell securities. 
 
 The gross unrealized losses presented in the preceding tables were primarily attributable to interest rate increases and liquidity and were mainly comprised of the following: 
 
 Obligations of States and Political Subdivisions: The unrealized losses on investments in obligations of states and political subdivisions are caused by increases in required yields by investors in these types of securities. It is expected that the securities would not be settled at a price less than the amortized cost of the investment. 
 U.S. Treasury and Government Sponsored Entities and Agencies Collateralized by Residential Mortgage Obligations: The unrealized losses on the Company s investments in U.S. treasuries and government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations were caused by interest rate changes. The contractual cash flows of those investments are guaranteed or supported by an agency or sponsored entity of the U.S. Government. Accordingly, it is expected that the securities would not be settled at a price less than the amortized cost of the Company s investment. 
 Private Label Mortgage and Asset Backed Securities: The Company has invested exclusively in AA and AAA tranches of various private label mortgage and asset backed securities. Each purchase is subject to a credit and structure review prior to their purchase. Ratings are reviewed on a quarterly basis in addition to other metrics provided through third-party services. Following review of the financial metrics and ratings, management concluded that the unrealized loss position of the private label mortgage and asset backed securities related exclusively to the fluctuation in market conditions and were not reflective of any credit concerns with the tranches comprising the Company s investments. 
 
 No allowance for credit losses have been recognized on AFS debt securities in an unrealized loss position, as management does not believe that any of the securities are impaired due to credit risk factors as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Held-to-Maturity Debt Securities 
 
 The Company separately evaluates its HTM debt securities for any credit losses based on probability of default and loss given default utilizing historical industry data based on investment category, while also considering reasonable and supportable forecasts. The probability of default and loss given default are incorporated into the present value of expected cash flows and 

Table of Contents 

 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company monitors credit quality of debt securities held-to-maturity through the use of credit ratings. The Company monitors the credit ratings on a quarterly basis. For non-rated investment securities, management receives quarterly performance updates to monitor for any credit concerns. There were no HTM securities on nonaccrual or past due over 89 days and still on accrual. The following table summarizes the amortized cost of debt securities held-to-maturity at the dates indicated, aggregated by credit quality indicator. U.S. Government sponsored agencies are not included in the below tables as credit ratings are not applicable. 
 
 December 31, 2023 Debt Securities Held-to-Maturity AAA/AA/A BBB Unrated Obligations of states and political subdivisions Private label mortgage and asset backed securities 
 Corporate debt securities Total debt securities held-to-maturity 
 
 and and fair values totaling and were pledged as collateral for borrowing arrangements, public funds and for other purposes at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. 

3. 
 
 and at December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 respectively is not included in the loan tables below and is included in other assets on the Company s balance sheets. Outstanding loans are summarized by class as follows: 
 Loan Type (Dollars in thousands) December 31, 2023 December 31, 2022 Commercial: Commercial and industrial Agricultural production Total commercial Real estate: Construction other land loans Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Farmland Multi-family residential 1-4 family - close-ended 1-4 family - revolving Total real estate Consumer Total gross loans Net deferred origination fees Loans, net of deferred origination fees Allowance for credit losses ) ) Total loans, net 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, were included in the real estate and commercial categories, of which, or and or , respectively, are secured by government guarantees. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans 
 
 The measurement of the allowance for credit losses on collectively evaluated loans is based on modeled expectations of lifetime expected credit losses utilizing national and local peer group historical losses, weighting of economic scenarios, and other relevant factors. The Company incorporates forward-looking information using macroeconomic scenarios, which include variables that are considered key drivers of credit losses within the portfolio. The Company uses a probability-weighted, multiple scenario forecast approach. These scenarios may consist of a base forecast representing the most likely outcome, combined with downside or upside scenarios reflecting possible worsening or improving economic conditions. 
 
 When a loan no longer shares similar risk characteristics with other loans, such as in the case of certain nonaccrual loans, the Company estimates the allowance for credit losses on an individual loan basis. There were no loans on nonaccrual or individually evaluated as of December 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022. 
 
 The following table shows the summary of activities for the allowance for credit losses as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 by portfolio segment (in thousands): 
 Commercial Commercial Real Estate 1-4 Family Real Estate Consumer Unallocated Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance, January 1, 2023 prior to adoption of ASU 2016-13 (CECL) Impact of adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) (Credit) provision for credit losses (1) 
 ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance, December 31, 2023 
 (1) Represents credit losses for loans only. The provision for credit losses on the Consolidated Statements of Income of includes a 276 provision for held-to-maturity securities and a 118 provision for unfunded loan commitments. 
 
 Commercial Real Estate Consumer Unallocated Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance, January 1, 2022 (Credit) provision for credit losses (1) 
 ) Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance, December 31, 2022 (1) Represents credit losses for loans only. The provision for credit losses on the Consolidated Statements of Income of includes a (5) credit for unfunded loan commitments. 

Table of Contents 

 Credit for credit losses (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance, December 31, 2021 
 (1) Represents credit losses for loans only. The credit for credit losses on the Consolidated Statements of Income of ) includes a (135) credit for unfunded loan commitments. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2023, the credit to credit losses was primarily driven by stable economic scenario forecasts in commercial real estates, partially offset by loan balances changes. Management believes that the allowance for credit losses at December 31, 2023 appropriately reflected expected credit losses in the loan portfolio at that date. 
 
 The following table shows the loan portfolio by class, net of deferred fees, allocated by management s internal risk ratings for the period indicated (in thousands): 
 Term Loans Amortized Cost Basis by Origination Year As of December 31, 2023 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Revolving Loans Revolving Converted to Term Total Commercial and industrial Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Agricultural production Pass/Watch 32,600 Special mention Substandard 976 Total Current period gross write-offs Construction other land loans Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Commercial real estate - owner occupied Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Farmland Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Multi-family residential Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs 1-4 family - close-ended Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs 1-4 family - revolving Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs Consumer Pass/Watch Special mention Substandard Total Current period gross write-offs 

Table of Contents 

 Special mention Substandard Grand Total Current period total gross write-offs 
 
 The following table shows the loan portfolio by class, net of deferred fees, allocated by management s internal risk ratings at December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total Commercial: Commercial and industrial Agricultural production Real Estate: Construction other land loans Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Farmland Multi-family residential 1-4 family - close-ended 1-4 family - revolving Consumer: Total 
 
 The following table shows an aging analysis of the loan portfolio by class at December 31, 2023 (in thousands): 
 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due Greater 
 Than 
 89 Days 
 Past Due 
 Total Past Due Current Total Loans Loans Past Due > 89 Days, Still Accruing Non-accrual Commercial: Commercial and industrial Agricultural production Real estate: Construction other land loans Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Farmland Multi-family residential 1-4 family - close-ended 1-4 family - revolving Consumer Deferred fees Total 

Table of Contents 

Agricultural production Real estate: 0 Construction other land loans Commercial real estate - owner occupied Commercial real estate - non-owner occupied Farmland Multi-family residential 1-4 family - close-ended 1-4 family - revolving Consumer Deferred fees Total 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 there were no collateral dependent loans. 

Table of Contents 

. The Company allocated of specific reserves for those loans at December 31, 2022. The Company committed to lend no additional amounts as of December 31, 2022 to customers with outstanding loans that were classified as troubled debt restructurings. 
 
 The following is a summary of the allowance for credit losses by impairment methodology and portfolio segment as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 (in thousands): 
 Commercial Real Estate Consumer Unallocated Total Allowance for credit losses: Ending balance, December 31, 2022 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 
 The following table shows the ending balances of loans as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 by portfolio segment and by impairment methodology (in thousands): 
 Commercial Real Estate Consumer Total Loans: Ending balance, December 31, 2022 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 

The following table shows information related to impaired loans by class at December 31, 2022 (in thousands): 
 Recorded Investment Unpaid Principal Balance Related Allowance With no related allowance recorded: Consumer: Equity loans and lines of credit Total with no related allowance recorded With an allowance recorded: Commercial: Commercial and industrial Real estate: Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Total real estate Total with an allowance recorded Total 
 
 The recorded investment in loans excludes accrued interest receivable and net loan origination fees, due to immateriality. 

Table of Contents 

 Total with no related allowance recorded With an allowance recorded: Commercial: Commercial and industrial Agricultural land and production Total commercial Real estate: Real estate construction and other land loans Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Total real estate Consumer: Equity loans and lines of credit Total consumer Total with an allowance recorded Total 

4. 
 Buildings and improvements Furniture, fixtures and equipment Leasehold improvements Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) 
 
 Depreciation and amortization included in occupancy and equipment expense totaled , and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 
 . Total goodwill at December 31, 2023 consisted of , , , , and representing the excess of the cost of Folsom Lake Bank, Sierra Vista Bank, Visalia Community Bank, Service 1 st Bancorp, and Bank of Madera County, respectively, over the net of the amounts assigned to assets acquired and liabilities assumed in the transactions accounted for under the purchase method of accounting. The value of goodwill is ultimately derived from the Company s ability to generate net earnings after the acquisitions and is not deductible for tax purposes. A decline in net earnings could be indicative of a decline in the fair value of goodwill and result in impairment. For that reason, goodwill is assessed at least annually for impairment. 
 
 The Company has selected September 30 as the date to perform the annual impairment test. Management assessed qualitative factors including performance trends and noted no factors indicating goodwill impairment. 
 
 Goodwill is also tested for impairment between annual tests if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of the Company below its carrying amount. No such events or circumstances arose during the fourth quarter of 2023, so goodwill was not required to be retested. 
 
 Intangible assets represent the estimated fair value of the core deposit relationships acquired in the 2013 acquisition of Visalia Community Bank. Core deposit intangibles are amortized using the straight-line method over an estimated life of five to from the date of acquisition. Upon acquisition, the core deposit intangible asset of Visalia Community Bank was recorded as . 
 
 carrying value remaining of this intangible asset at December 31, 2023, compared to a carrying value at December 31, 2022 of , which was net of in accumulated amortization expense. Amortization expense recognized was for 2023, for 2022, and for 2021. 

6. 
 Money market NOW accounts Time, 250,000 or more Time, under 250,000 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 

Table of Contents 

 Money market NOW accounts Time certificates of deposit 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022 uninsured deposits totaled 821,756,000 and 900,123,000, respectively. 

7. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB of San Francisco advance with an interest rate of , as compared to a advance with an interest rate of at December 31, 2022. Approximately in loans were pledged under a blanket lien as collateral to the FHLB for the Bank s remaining borrowing capacity of as of December 31, 2023. FHLB advances are also secured by investment securities with amortized costs totaling and and market values totaling and at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. The Bank s credit limit varies according to the amount and composition of the investment and loan portfolios pledged as collateral. 
 
 Lines of Credit - The Bank had unsecured lines of credit with its correspondent banks which, in the aggregate, amounted to and at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, at interest rates which vary with market conditions. As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had no advances with correspondent banks. 
 
 Federal Reserve Line of Credit and Bank Term Funding Program - The Bank has a line of credit in the amount of and with the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco (FRB) at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively, which bears interest at the prevailing discount rate collateralized by investment securities with amortized costs totaling and and market values totaling and , respectively. The Bank participates in the Bank Term Funding Program (BTFP) which offers loans of up to one year in length to banks, savings associations, credit unions, and other eligible depository institutions pledging any collateral eligible for purchase by the Federal Reserve Banks in open market operations such as U.S. Treasuries, U.S. agency securities, and U.S. agency mortgage-backed securities. These assets are valued at par. The BTFP is an additional source of liquidity against high-quality securities 
 
 At December 31, 2023, the Bank had as a short-term loan outstanding with the FRB under the Bank Term Funding Program at an interest rate of 4.81 . The Bank had no borrowings with the FRB as of December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents 

 Balance outstanding Federal Home Loan Bank Credit limit Balance outstanding Collateral pledged Fair value of collateral Federal Reserve Bank Term Loan Funding Program Credit limit Balance outstanding Collateral pledged Fair value of collateral Federal Reserve Bank Credit limit Balance outstanding Collateral pledged Fair value of collateral 

8. 
 2025 2023 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 

Table of Contents 

 2,088 Short-term lease cost 3 Variable lease cost 353 Total lease cost 2,444 
 
 T Weighted average discount rate 
 
 Operating lease liabilities 

9. 
 Deferred ) Provision for income taxes 2022 Current Deferred Provision for income taxes 2021 Current Deferred Provision for income taxes 

Table of Contents 

Deferred compensation Unrealized loss on available-for-sale investment securities Net operating loss carryovers Mark-to-market adjustment Other deferred tax assets Other-than-temporary impairment Loan and investment impairment Operating lease liabilities Partnership income State taxes Bank premises and equipment ) Total deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Operating lease right-of-use assets ) ) Finance leases ) ) Unrealized gain on available-for-sale investment securities Core deposit intangible ) FHLB stock ) ) Loan origination costs ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 
 The determination of the amount of deferred income tax assets which are more likely than not to be realized is primarily dependent on projections of future earnings, which are subject to uncertainty and estimates that may change given economic conditions and other factors. The realization of deferred income tax assets is assessed and a valuation allowance is recorded if it is more likely than not that all or a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. More likely than not is defined as greater than a 50 chance. All available evidence, both positive and negative is considered to determine whether, based on the weight of the evidence, a valuation allowance is needed. Thus, management concludes no valuation allowance is necessary against deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 The provision for income taxes differs from amounts computed by applying the statutory Federal income tax rates to operating income before income taxes. 
 State taxes, net of Federal tax benefit Tax exempt investment security income, net ) ) ) Bank owned life insurance, net ) ) ) Compensation - stock compensation ) ) Low income housing tax credits ) ) ) Other Effective tax rate 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively. These NOLs were acquired through business combinations and are subject to IRC 382 will begin expiring at various dates between 2030 and 2035, for federal purposes and various dates between 2030 and 2036 for California purposes. While they are subject to IRC Section 382, management has determined that all of the NOLs are more than likely than not to be utilized before they expire. 
 
 The Company and its subsidiary file income tax returns in the U.S. federal and California jurisdictions. The Company conducts all of its business activities in the State of California. There are no pending U.S. federal or state income tax examinations by those taxing authorities. The Company is no longer subject to the examination by U.S. federal taxing authorities for the years ended before December 31, 2020 and by the state taxing authorities for the years ended before December 31, 2019. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company has no unrecognized tax benefits and does not expect any material changes in the next 12 months. 
 
 interest or penalties related to uncertain tax positions. 

10. SENIOR DEBT AND 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Floating rate senior debt bank loan, due 2032 Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures, due October 2036 Total subordinated debentures 
 
 Subordinated Debentures 
 
 On November 12, 2021, the Company completed a private placement of million aggregate principal amount of its fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes Subordinated Debt due December 1, 2031. The Subordinated Debt initially bears a fixed interest rate of per year. Commencing on December 1, 2026, the interest rate on the Subordinated Debt will reset each quarter at a floating interest rate equal to the then-current three month term SOFR plus basis points. The Company may at its option redeem in whole or in part the Subordinated Debt on or after November 12, 2026 without a premium. The Subordinated Debt is treated as Tier 2 Capital for regulatory purposes. 
 
 Interest expense recognized by the Company for the Subordinated Debentures for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was , , and , respectively. 
 
 Senior Debt 
 
 On September 15, 2022, the Company entered into a million loan agreement with Bell Bank. Initially, payments of interest only are payable in 12 quarterly payments commencing December 31, 2022. Commencing December 31, 2025, 27 equal quarterly principal and interest payments are payable based on the outstanding balance of the loan on August 30, 2025 and an amortization of 48 quarters. A final payment of outstanding principal and accrued interest is due at maturity on September 30, 2032. Variable interest is payable at the Prime Rate (published by the Wall Street Journal) less basis points. The loan is secured by the assets of the Company and a pledge of the outstanding common stock of Central Valley Community Bank, the Company s banking subsidiary. The Company may prepay the loan without penalty with one exception. If the loan is prepaid prior to August 30, 2025 with funds received from a financing source other than Bell Bank, the Company will incur a prepayment penalty. The loan contains customary representations, covenants, and events of default. 
 
 Interest expense recognized by the Company for the Senior Debt for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was , , and , respectively. 
 
 Junior Subordinated Debentures 

Table of Contents 

of the Company s Tier 1 capital on a pro forma basis. At December 31, 2023, all of the trust preferred securities that have been issued qualify as Tier 1 capital. The trust preferred securities mature on October 7, 2036, are redeemable at the Company s option, and require quarterly distributions by the Trust to the holder of the trust preferred securities at a variable interest rate which will adjust quarterly to equal the three month SOFR plus . 
 
 The Trust used the proceeds from the sale of the trust preferred securities to purchase approximately in aggregate principal amount of Service 1 st s junior subordinated notes (the Notes). The Notes bear interest at the same variable interest rate during the same quarterly periods as the trust preferred securities. The Notes are redeemable by the Company on any January 7, April 7, July 7, or October 7 or at any time within days following the occurrence of certain events, such as: (i) a change in the regulatory capital treatment of the Notes (ii) in the event the Trust is deemed an investment company or (iii) upon the occurrence of certain adverse tax events. In each such case, the Company may redeem the Notes for their aggregate principal amount, plus any accrued but unpaid interest. 
 
 The Notes may be declared immediately due and payable at the election of the trustee or holders of of the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Notes in the event that the Company defaults in the payment of any interest following the nonpayment of any such interest for or more consecutive quarterly periods. 
 
 Holders of the trust preferred securities are entitled to a cumulative cash distribution on the liquidation amount of per security. For each January 7, April 7, July 7 or October 7 of each year, the rate will be adjusted to equal the three month SOFR plus . As of December 31, 2023, the rate was . Interest expense recognized by the Company for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 was , and , respectively. 

11. 
 
 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Financial Instruments With Off-Balance-Sheet Risk - The Bank is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business in order to meet the financing needs of its customers and to reduce its own exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. These financial instruments consist of commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized on the balance sheet. 
 
 The Bank s exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Bank uses the same credit policies in making commitments and standby letters of credit as it does for loans included on the balance sheet. 
 
 Standby letters of credit 
 
 Commitments to extend credit consist primarily of unfunded commercial loan commitments and revolving lines of credit, single-family residential equity lines of credit and commercial and residential real estate construction loans. Construction loans are established under standard underwriting guidelines and policies and are secured by deeds of trust, with disbursements made over the course of construction. Commercial revolving lines of credit have a high degree of industry diversification. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the commitments are expected to expire without being fully drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Standby letters of credit are generally secured and are issued by the Bank to guarantee the financial obligation or performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing standby letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. The fair value of the liability related to these standby 

Table of Contents 

 of total commitments and are generally secured by collateral other than real estate or unsecured. Real estate loan commitments represent of total commitments and are generally secured by property with a loan-to-value ratio not to exceed . Consumer loan commitments represent the remaining of total commitments and are generally unsecured. In addition, the majority of the Bank s loan commitments have variable interest rates. 
 
 At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the balance of a contingent allocation for probable loan loss experience on unfunded obligations was and , respectively. The contingent allocation for probable loan loss experience on unfunded obligations is calculated by management using an appropriate, systematic, and consistently applied process. While related to credit losses, this allocation is not a part of the allowance for credit losses and is considered separately as a liability for accounting and regulatory reporting purposes. Changes in this contingent allocation are recorded in other non-interest expense. 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk - At December 31, 2023, in management s judgment, a concentration of loans existed in commercial loans and real-estate-related loans, representing approximately of total loans of which were commercial and were real-estate-related. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, in management s judgment, a concentration of loans existed in commercial loans and real-estate-related loans, representing approximately of total loans of which were commercial and were real-estate-related. 
 
 Management believes the loans within these concentrations have no more than the typical risks of collectability. However, in light of the current economic environment, additional declines in the performance of the economy in general, or a continued decline in real estate values or drought-related decline in agricultural business in the Company s primary market area could have an adverse impact on collectability, increase the level of real-estate-related nonperforming loans, or have other adverse effects which alone or in the aggregate could have a material adverse effect on the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company. 
 
 Contingencies - The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the amount of ultimate liability with respect to such actions will not materially affect the consolidated financial position or consolidated results of operations of the Company. 
 
 and , respectively. All commitments will be paid by the Company by 2038. 

12. 

Table of Contents 

 Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET 1) Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio December 31, 2022 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET 1) Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 
 
 The following table presents the Bank s regulatory capital ratios as of December 31, 2023 and December 31, 2022, as well as the minimum capital ratios for capital adequacy for the Bank: 
 (Dollars in thousands) Actual Ratio Minimum regulatory requirement (1) December 31, 2023 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Tier 1 Leverage Ratio Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET 1) Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio December 31, 2022 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio (CET 1) Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio (1) The minimum regulatory requirement threshold includes the capital conservation buffer of 2.50 . 
 Dividends - During 2023, the Bank declared and paid cash dividends to the Company in the amount of , in connection with cash dividends declared to the Company s shareholders and holding company expenses as approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The Company declared and paid a total of or per common share cash 

Table of Contents 

 in connection with the senior and subordinated debt proceeds approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The Company declared and paid a total of or per common share cash dividend to shareholders of record during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and retired common stock in the amount of . 
 
 During 2021, the Bank declared and paid cash dividends to the Company in the amount of , in connection with cash dividends declared to the Company s shareholders and holding company expenses as approved by the Company s Board of Directors. The Company declared and paid a total of or per common share cash dividend to shareholders of record during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased and retired common stock in the amount of . 
 
 The Company s primary source of income with which to pay cash dividends is dividends from the Bank. The California Financial Code restricts the total amount of dividends payable by a bank at any time without obtaining the prior approval of the California Department of Business Oversight to the lesser of (1) the Bank s retained earnings or (2) the Bank s net income for its last three fiscal years, less distributions made to shareholders during the same three-year period. At December 31, 2023, of the Bank s retained earnings were free of these restrictions. 
 
 Weighted average shares outstanding Net income per common share Diluted Earnings Per Common Share: Net income Weighted average shares outstanding Effect of dilutive stock options and warrants Weighted average shares of common stock and common stock equivalents 
 Net income per diluted common share 

outstanding options or restricted stock awards considered were anti-dilutive at December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021. 

13. EQUITY 
 . Currently under the 2015 Plan, shares remain reserved for future grants as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Share-based compensation cost recognized for the 2015 Plan plans was , , and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. The recognized tax benefit for the share-based compensation expense, forfeitures of restricted stock, and exercise of stock options, resulted in the recognition of 0, , and for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 

Table of Contents 

 options to purchase shares of the Company s common stock were granted during the years ending December 31, 2023, 2022 and 2021 from any of the Company s stock based compensation plans. 
 
 A summary of the combined activity of the Plans during the years then ended is presented below (dollars in thousands, except per-share amounts): 
 Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price Weighted Average Remaining Contractual Term (Years) Aggregate Intrinsic Value Options outstanding at January 1, 2021 77,070 10.06 1.51 382 Options exercised (24,265) 10.6 Options outstanding at December 31, 2021 52,805 9.81 0.57 581 Options exercised (50,205) 9.74 Options forfeited (2,600) 11.12 Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2023 0.00 
 
 Information related to the stock option plan during each year follows (in thousands): 
 2023 2022 2021 Intrinsic value of options exercised 496 253 Cash received from options exercised 489 257 Excess tax benefit realized for option exercises 87 50 
 As of December 31, 2023, there is unrecognized compensation cost related to stock options granted under all Plans. All options are fully vested. 
 
 Restricted Stock and Common Stock Awards 
 
 The 2015 Plan provides for the issuance of restricted common stock to directors and officers and common stock awards based on the achievement of performance goals as determined by the Board of Directors or in accordance with executive employment agreements. Restricted common stock grants typically vest over a one to five-year period. Restricted common stock is subject to forfeiture if employment terminates prior to vesting. The cost of these awards is recognized over the vesting period of the awards based on the fair value of our common stock on the date of the grant. 
 
 The shares awarded to employees and directors under the restricted stock agreements vest on applicable vesting dates only to the extent the recipient of the shares is then an employee or a director of the Company or one of its subsidiaries, and each recipient will forfeit all of the shares that have not vested on the date his or her employment or service is terminated. Outstanding restricted awards related to these agreements are presented in the table below. Common stock awards for performance vest immediately. During 2023 and 2022 the Company awarded and shares, recognizing compensation expense for these shares of 221,000 and 279,000, respectively. 
 
 Holders of restricted stock awards receive non-forfeitable dividends at the same rate as common stockholders and they both share equally in undistributed earnings. Therefore, under the two-class method the difference in EPS is not significant for these participating securities. 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested outstanding shares at December 31, 2021 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested outstanding shares at December 31, 2022 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested outstanding shares at December 31, 2023 
 The shares awarded to employees and directors under the restricted stock agreements vest on applicable vesting dates only to the extent the recipient of the shares is then an employee or a director of the Company or one of its subsidiaries. Each recipient will forfeit all of the shares that have not vested on the date his or her employment or service is terminated. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, there were shares of restricted stock that are nonvested and expected to vest. Share-based compensation cost charged against income for restricted stock awards was , , and for the year ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 respectively. 
 
 of total unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested restricted common stock. Restricted stock compensation expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the vesting period. This cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average remaining period of years and will be adjusted for subsequent changes in estimated forfeitures. Restricted common stock awards had an intrinsic value of at December 31, 2023. 

14. 
 of service. Bank contributions to the profit sharing plan are determined at the discretion of the Board of Directors. Participants are automatically vested in all employer contributions. The Bank contributed , , and to the profit sharing plan in 2023, 2022, and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Additionally, the Bank may elect to make a matching contribution to the participants 401(k) plan accounts. The amount to be contributed is announced by the Bank at the beginning of the plan year. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Bank made a matching contribution on all deferred amounts up to of eligible compensation. For the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, the Bank made matching contributions totaling , , and , respectively. 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plans - The Bank has a nonqualified Deferred Compensation Plan which provides directors with an unfunded, deferred compensation program. Under the plan, eligible participants may elect to defer some or all of their current compensation or director fees. Deferred amounts earn interest at an annual rate determined by the Board of Directors at December 31, 2023). At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the total net deferrals included in accrued interest payable and other liabilities were and , respectively. 
 
 In connection with the implementation of the above plan, single premium universal life insurance policies on the life of each participant were purchased by the Bank, which is the beneficiary and owner of the policies. The cash surrender value of the policies totaled and and at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Income recognized on these 

Table of Contents 

 , , and , respectively. 
 
 In October 2015, the Board of Directors of the Company and the Bank adopted a board resolution to create the Central Valley Community Bank Executive Deferred Compensation Plan (the Executive Plan). Pursuant to the Executive Plan, all eligible executives of the Bank may elect to defer up to percent of their compensation for each deferral year. Deferred amounts earn interest at an annual rate determined by the Board of Directors at December 31, 2023). At December 31, 2023 and 2022, the total net deferrals included in accrued interest payable and other liabilities were and , respectively. 
 
 Salary Continuation Plans - The Board of Directors has approved salary continuation plans for certain key executives. Under these plans, the Bank is obligated to provide the executives with annual benefits for - years after retirement. In connection with the acquisitions of Folsom Lake Bank (FLB), Service 1 st Bank, and Visalia Community Bank (VCB), the Bank assumed a liability for the estimated present value of future benefits payable to former key executives of FLB, Service 1 st, and VCB. The liability relates to change in control benefits associated with their salary continuation plans. The benefits are payable to the individuals when they reach retirement age. These benefits are substantially equivalent to those available under split-dollar life insurance policies purchased by the Bank on the life of the executives. The expense/(benefit) recognized under these plans for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021, totaled , ), and , respectively. Note, the expense is effected by the changing discount rate used to calculate the liability. Accrued compensation payable under the salary continuation plans totaled and at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. These benefits are substantially equivalent to those available under split-dollar life insurance policies acquired. 
 
 In connection with these plans, the Bank purchased single-premium life insurance policies with cash surrender values totaling and at December 31, 2023 and 2022, respectively. Income recognized on these policies, net of related expense, for the years ended December 31, 2023, 2022, and 2021 totaled , , and , respectively. 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan - During 2017, the Company adopted an Employee Stock Purchase Plan which allows employees to purchase the Company s stock at a discount to fair market value as of the date of purchase. The Company bears all costs of administering the plan, including broker s fees, commissions, postage and other costs actually incurred. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had 418,083 shares remaining for purchase under the plan. 

15. 
 
 Disbursements Amounts repaid ) Balance, December 31, 2023 Undisbursed commitments to related parties, December 31, 2023 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 and 2022, the Company had 12,921,000 and 14,549,000 in related party deposits, respectively. 

16. F 

Table of Contents 

 Interest-earning deposits in other banks Held-to-maturity investment securities Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Time deposits Short-term borrowings Senior debt and subordinated debentures Accrued interest payable 
 December 31, 2022 Carrying Amount Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Financial assets: Cash and due from banks Interest-earning deposits in other banks Held-to-maturity investment securities Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Financial liabilities: Time deposits Short-term borrowings Senior debt and subordinated debentures Accrued interest payable 
 
 The methods and assumptions used to estimate fair values are described as follows: 
 
 (a) Cash and Cash Equivalents The carrying amounts of cash and due from banks, interest-earning deposits in other banks, and Federal funds sold approximate fair values and are classified as Level 1. 
 
 (b) Investment securities The fair values for investment securities are determined by quoted market prices, if available (Level 1). For securities where quoted prices are not available, fair values are calculated based on market prices of similar securities (Level 2), using matrix pricing. Matrix pricing is a mathematical technique commonly used to price debt securities that are not actively traded, values debt securities without relying exclusively on quoted prices for the specific securities but rather by relying on the securities relationship to other benchmark quoted securities (Level 2 inputs). For securities where 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Government agencies 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 Private label mortgage and asset backed securities Equity Securities Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Government agencies Obligations of states and political subdivisions U.S. Government sponsored entities and agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations 
 Private label residential mortgage and asset backed securities 
 Corporate debt securities Equity Securities Total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis 
 
 Securities in Level 1 are mutual funds and fair values are based on quoted market prices for identical instruments traded in active markets. Fair values for available-for-sale investment securities in Level 2 are based on quoted market prices for similar securities in active markets. For securities where quoted prices or market prices of similar securities are not available, fair values are calculated using discounted cash flows or other market indicators. 
 
 Management evaluates the significance of transfers between levels based upon the nature of the financial instrument and size of the transfer relative to total assets, total liabilities or total earnings. During the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022, no transfers between levels occurred. 
 
 There were no Level 3 assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022. Also there were no liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2023 or December 31, 2022. 
 
 Non-Recurring Basis 

Investment in Bank subsidiary Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities: Senior debt and subordinated debentures Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity: Common stock Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

Table of Contents 

 ) Other income Total income ) Expenses: Interest on subordinated debentures and borrowings Professional fees Other expenses Total expenses Income (loss) before equity in undistributed net income of Subsidiary ) Equity in undistributed net income of Subsidiary, net of distributions Income before income tax benefit Benefit from income taxes Net income Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 

Table of Contents 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Undistributed net income of subsidiary, net of distributions ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Amortization of unamortized issuance cost Net (increase) decrease in other assets ) ) Net increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Benefit for deferred income taxes Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows used in investing activities: Investment in subsidiary Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of subordinated and senior debt Cash dividend payments on common stock ) ) ) Purchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents at end of year Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid during the year for interest 

18. 

per share cash dividend payable on February 19, 2024 to shareholders of record as of February 2, 2024. 

PART IV 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 15 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a)(1) FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 The Financial Statements of the Company and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: are set forth in Part II, Item 8 and incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 (a)(2) FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 All schedules to the Financial Statements are omitted because of the absence of the conditions under which they are required or because the required information is included in the Financial Statements or accompanying notes. 
 
 (a)(3) EXHIBITS 
 
 The exhibits filed as part of this report and exhibits incorporated by reference to other documents are as follows: 

Exhibit Number Exhibit 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Merger, dated October 10, 2023, by and among Central Valley Community Bancorp and Community West Bancshares, attached as Exhibit 2.1 to the Form 8-K, filed October 10, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Merger, dated December 19, 2012, by and among Central Valley Community Bancorp, Central Valley Community Bank and Visalia Community Bank, incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the proxy statement-prospectus contained in the Amendment No. 2 to Form S-4, Registration Statement No. 333-187260, filed May 8, 2013 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 2.3 The Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Merger among Central Valley Community Bancorp, Central Valley Community Bank, and Sierra Vista Bank, dated April 28, 2016, attached as Exhibit 2.2 to the Form 8-K, filed April 29, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 2.4 The Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Merger among Central Valley Community Bancorp, Central Valley Community Bank, and Folsom Lake Bank, dated April 27, 2017, incorporated by reference to Appendix A to the proxy statement-prospectus contained in the Amendment No. 1 to Form S-4, Registration Statement No. 333-218664, filed June 26, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Central Valley Community Bancorp, attached as Exhibit 3.1 to the Form 10-Q for quarter ended June 30, 2010, refiled herein. 
 3.2 Revised and Restated Bylaws of the Company. 
 4.1 Indenture, dated as of August 17, 2006 between Service 1st Bancorp, as Issuer, and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as trustee, attached as Exhibit 4.2 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August June 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.2 Declaration of Trust for Service 1st Capital Trust I, dated as of August 17, 2006, between Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as trustee, and Central Valley Community Bancorp as successor through merger to Service 1st Bancorp, attached as Exhibit 4.3 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended August June 30, 2007 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 4.3 Description of Securities Registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 . 

Table of Contents 

 10.1 Clovis Community Bank Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Agreement for Daniel N. Cunningham, attached as Exhibit 10.23 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.2 Clovis Community Bank Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Agreement for Steven McDonald, attached as Exhibit 10.24 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.3 Clovis Community Bank Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Agreement for Louis McMurray, attached as Exhibit 10.25 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.4 Clovis Community Bank Amended and Restated Deferred Fee Agreement for William S. Smittcamp, attached as Exhibit 10.27 to the Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2000, filed on March 30, 2001 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.5 Form of Second Amended and Restated Director Deferred Fee Agreement by and between Clovis Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Steven McDonald, Louis McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, effective February 13, 2002, attached as Exhibit 10.36 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, filed August 12, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.6 Schedule A, Participants Normal Retirement Age and Form of Benefit Elected to Second Amended and Restated Director Deferred Fee Agreement by and between Clovis Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Steven McDonald, Louis McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, effective February 13, 2002, attached as Exhibit 10.37 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, filed August 12, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.7 Addendum A, Clovis Community Bank Split Dollar Agreement and Endorsement by and between Clovis Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Steven McDonald, Louis McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, effective February 13, 2002, attached as Exhibit 10.38 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, filed August 12, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.8 Schedule B, Participants and Their Executive Interest in Clovis Community Bank Split Dollar Agreement and Endorsement, by and between Clovis Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Steven McDonald, Louis McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, effective February 13, 2002, attached as Exhibit 10.39 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended June 30, 2002, filed August 12, 2002 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.9 Amendment No. 1 to Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel J. Doyle effective October 16, 2002, attached as Exhibit 10.42 to the Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2002, filed March 31, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.10 Form of Amendment to the Split Dollar Agreement and Policy Endorsement with Central Valley Community Bank by and between Central Valley Community Bank f/k/a Clovis Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Steven McDonald, Louis McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, effective January 1, 2003, attached as Exhibit 10.43 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, filed May 8, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.11 Schedule C, Participants and life insurance policies in Central Valley Community Bank Amended Split Dollar Agreement and Policy Endorsement by and between Central Valley Community Bank f/k/a Clovis Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Steven McDonald, Louis McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, effective January 1, 2003, attached as Exhibit 10.44 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, filed May 8, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Table of Contents 

 10.12 Schedule C, Participants and life insurance policies in Central Valley Community Bank Amended Split Dollar Agreement and Policy Endorsement by and between Central Valley Community Bank f/k/a Clovis Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Steven McDonald, Louis McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, effective January 1, 2003, attached as Exhibit 10.44 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, filed May 8, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.13 Schedule C, Participants and life insurance policies in Central Valley Community Bank Amended Split Dollar Agreement and Policy Endorsement by and between Central Valley Community Bank f/k/a Clovis Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Steven McDonald, Louis McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, effective January 1, 2003, attached as Exhibit 10.44 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-QSB for the quarter ended March 31, 2003, filed May 8, 2003 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.14 Second Amendment to the Clovest Corporation Director Deferred Compensation Plan Agreement Dated November 14, 1996 by and between Clovest Corporation and Daniel N. Cunningham effective October 31, 2003, attached as Exhibit 10.47 to the Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2003, filed March 26, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.15 Second Amendment to the Clovest Corporation Director Deferred Compensation Plan Agreement Dated November 14, 1996 by and between Clovest Corporation and William S. Smittcamp effective October 31, 2003, attached as Exhibit 10.48 to the Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2003, filed March 26, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.16 Second Amendment to the Clovest Corporation Director Deferred Compensation Plan Agreement Dated November 14, 1996 by and between Clovest Corporation and Louis McMurray effective October 31, 2003, attached as Exhibit 10.49 to the Annual Report on Form 10-KSB for the year ended December 31, 2003, filed March 26, 2004 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.17 Amendment No. 3 To Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel Doyle effective February 1, 2005, attached as Exhibit 10.62 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June, 30 2005, filed August 15, 2005 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.18 Salary Continuation Agreement Amendment dated March 1, 2008 by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel J. Doyle, attached as Exhibit 10.82 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2007, filed March 5, 2008 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.19 Form of Second Amendment to the Director Deferred Compensation Agreement effective January 1, 2009 by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, Edwin S. Darden, Jr., Steven D. McDonald, Louis C. McMurray, and William S. Smittcamp, attached as Exhibit 10.83 to Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2009, filed November 13, 2009 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.20 Second Amended and Restated Executive Salary Continuation Agreement effective July 1, 2011, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel J. Doyle, attached as Exhibit 10.89 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011, filed on November 14, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.21 Second Amended and Restated Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement effective July 1, 2011, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel J. Doyle, attached as Exhibit 10.90 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2011, filed on November 14, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.22 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective March 21, 2012, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and William S. Smittcamp, attached as Exhibit 10.99 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, filed May 11, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.23 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective March 21, 2012, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, attached as Exhibit 10.100 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, filed May 11, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Table of Contents 

 10.24 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective March 21, 2012, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Louis McMurray, attached as Exhibit 10.101 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, filed May 11, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.25 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective March 21, 2012, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Steven D. McDonald, attached as Exhibit 10.102 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2012, filed May 11, 2012 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.26 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective December 18, 2013, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Daniel N. Cunningham, attached as Exhibit 10.104 to Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2013, filed March 21, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.27 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective December 18, 2013, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Louis McMurray, attached as Exhibit 10.106 to Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2013, filed March 21, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.28 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective December 18, 2013, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Steven D. McDonald, attached as Exhibit 10.107 to Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2013, filed March 21, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.29 Amended Split Dollar Plan Agreement and Endorsement effective December 18, 2013, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and William S. Smittcamp, attached as Exhibit 10.108 to Annual Report on Form 10K for the year ended December 31, 2013, filed March 21, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.30 Central Valley Community Bank Executive Deferred Compensation Plan dated October 21, 2015, attached as Exhibit 10.110 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed March 15, 2016 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.31 Central Valley Community Bancorp 2015 Omnibus Incentive Plan dated May 20, 2015, attached as Exhibit 10.114 to Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed March 29, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.32 Service 1st Bank Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Service 1st Bank and Patrick J. Carman effective August 22, 2008, as amended, attached as Exhibit 10.11 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed on March 29, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.33 Central Valley Community Bancorp Employee Stock Purchase Plan dated June 1, 2017, attached as Exhibit 4.3 to Registration Statement No. 333-218408 on Form S-8, filed June 1, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.34 Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and James J. Kim, dated February 1, 2019, attached as Exhibit 10.84 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018 filed March 8, 2019 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.35 Executive Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Teresa Gilio, dated May 1, 2019, attached as Exhibit 10.84 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed as March 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.36 Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Teresa Gilio, dated May 1, 2019. attached as Exhibit 10.85 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed on March 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.37 Amended Executive Salary Continuation Agreement effective April 1, 2020, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and James J. Kim, attached as Exhibit 10.86 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 filed May 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 

Table of Contents 

 10.38 Amended Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Agreement effective April 1, 2020, by and between Central Valley Community Bank and James J. Kim, attached as Exhibit 10.87 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 filed May 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.39 Executive Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Ken Ramos, dated April 1, 2020, attached as Exhibit 10.88 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 filed May 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.40 Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Ken Ramos, dated April 1, 2020, attached as Exhibit 10.89 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2020 filed May 6, 2020 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.41 Change in Control Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and James J. Kim, Patrick A. Luis, A. Kenneth Ramos, Teresa Gilio, and Blaine C. Lauhon, Dated April 30, 2021, attached as Exhibit 99.1 to file Form 8-K, filed May 5, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.42 Executive Salary Continuation Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Patrick Luis, dated July 1, 2021, attached as Exhibit 10.93 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 filed August 4, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.43 Life Insurance Endorsement Method Split Dollar Plan Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Patrick Luis, dated July 1, 2021, attached as Exhibit 10.94 to the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2021 filed August 4, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.44 Employment Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and James J. Kim effective November 1, 2021, attached as Exhibit 99.2 to the Form 8K filed September 10, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.45 Restricted Stock Award Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bancorp and James J. Kim, dated February 1, 2022, attached as Exhibit 10.86 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed March 9, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.46 Change in Control Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Jeffrey Martin, effective June 3, 2022, attached as Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 8K filed June 3, 2022 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 10.47 Restricted Stock Award Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bancorp and James J. Kim, dated February 1, 2023. , 
 10.48 Change in Control Agreement by and between Central Valley Community Bank and Shannon Livingston, effective September 22, 2023, attached as Exhibit 99.1 to the Form 8K filed September 22, 2023 and incorporated herein by reference. 
 21 Subsidiaries, attached as Exhibit 21 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and incorporated by reference. 
 23.1 Consent of Moss Adams LLP 
 23.2 Consent of Crowe LLP 
 24 Power of Attorney (incorporated by reference to the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K) 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) [Section 302] Certification Of Principal Executive Officer 

Table of Contents 

 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) [Section 302] Certification Of Principal Financial Officer 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002 
 97.1 Executive Officer Incentive Compensation Recovery Policy. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Link Document 
 
 Management contract and compensatory plans. 
 Filed with initial filing 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Company has duly caused this Amendment No. 1 report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 COMMUNITY WEST BANCSHARES Date: October 1, 2024 By: /s/ James J. Kim James J. Kim Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Table of Contents 

 /s/ James J. Kim Date: October 1, 2024 James J. Kim, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Shannon Livingston Date: October 1, 2024 Shannon Livingston Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Daniel J. Doyle Date: October 1, 2024 Daniel J. Doyle, Chairman of the Board and Director /s/ Daniel N. Cunningham Date: October 1, 2024 Daniel N. Cunningham, Vice Chairman of the Board and Director /s/ F.T. Tommy Elliott, IV Date: October 1, 2024 F.T. Tommy Elliott, IV, Director /s/ Robert J. Flautt Date: October 1, 2024 Robert J. Flautt, Director /s/ Gary D. Gall Date: October 1, 2024 Gary D. Gall, Director /s/ Andriana D. Majarian Date: October 1, 2024 Andriana D. Majarian, Director /s/ Steven D. McDonald Date: October 1, 2024 Steven D. McDonald, Director /s/ Louis McMurray Date: October 1, 2024 Louis McMurray, Director /s/ Karen Musson Date: October 1, 2024 Karen Musson, Director /s/ Dorothea D. Silva Date: October 1, 2024 Dorothea D. Silva, Director /s/ William S. Smittcamp Date: October 1, 2024 William S. Smittcamp, Director By /s/ James J. Kim Date: October 1, 2024 Attorney-In-Fact 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 exhibit2312023-moss10xkaco.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (No. 333-254526) and Form S-8 (No. 332-218408 and No. 333-204545) of Community West Bancshares, formerly Central Valley Community Bancorp (the Company ), of our report dated March 15, 2024, relating to the 2023 consolidated financial statements of the Company (which report expresses an unqualified opinion and includes an explanatory paragraph relating to a change in the method of accounting for the allowance for credit losses), appearing in this Amendment No. 1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 s Moss Adams LLP Sacramento, California October 1, 2024 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 3
 exhibit2322023-crowe10xkac.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 23.2 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements No. 333-218408 and No. 333-204545 on Form S-8, and No. 333-254526 on Form S-3 of Community West Bancshares (formerly known as Central Valley Community Bancorp) of our report dated March 9, 2023 relating to the consolidated balance sheet of Central Valley Community Bancorp as of December 31, 2022 and the consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income (loss), changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two year period ended December 31, 2022 appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K A of Community West Bancshares for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 s Crowe LLP Sacramento, California October 1, 2024 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 exhibit3112024q410-ka.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 RULE 13a-14(a) SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, James J. Kim, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2023 of CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Rules 13a-15(f) & 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s James J. Kim Date October 1, 2024 James J. Kim, 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 exhibit3122023q410-ka.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 RULE 13a-14(a) SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Shannon Livingston, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the Year Ended December 31, 2023 of CENTRAL VALLEY COMMUNITY BANCORP 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Rules 13a-15(f) & 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

s Shannon Livingston Date October 1, 2024 Shannon Livingston, 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit3212023q410-ka.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Central Valley Community Bancorp (CVCB) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, James J. Kim, Chief Executive Officer of CVCB, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of CVCB. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Central Valley Community Bancorp and will be retained by Central Valley Community Bancorp and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated October 1, 2024 
 
 s James J. Kim JAMES J. KIM Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit3222023q410-ka.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Central Valley Community Bancorp (CVCB) on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2023, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), I, Shannon Livingston, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial officer of CVCB, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of CVCB. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Central Valley Community Bancorp and will be retained by Central Valley Community Bancorp and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Dated October 1, 2024 
 
 s Shannon Livingston SHANNON LIVINGSTON Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 cvcy-20231231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 cvcy-20231231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 cvcy-20231231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 cvcy-20231231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 cvcy-20231231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

