<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241227_10-Q_edgar_data_1956648_0001213900-24-113137.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2669924</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>75590</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>708364</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>419357</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>664346</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>762176</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-113137.hdr.sgml : 20241227
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241227164446
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-113137
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		45
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241227
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241227

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CO2 Energy Transition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001956648
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42417
		FILM NUMBER:		241586116

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1334 BRITTMOORE RD, SUITE 190
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(346) 250-5000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1334 BRITTMOORE RD, SUITE 190
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77043

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-113137.txt : 20241227

10-Q
 1
 ea0225652-10q_co2energy.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Issuer s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of December 27, 2024, there were 
shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

CO2 ENERGY TRANSITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. Interim Financial
 Statements 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed Statements of
 Operations For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 
 
 Condensed Statements of
 Changes in Stockholder s Deficit For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 
 
 Condensed Statements of
 Cash Flows For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 
 
 Notes to Condensed Financial
 Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 13 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and
 Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 
 17 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 17 
 
 Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 18 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 18 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales
 of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 18 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior
 Securities 
 
 18 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 18 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 18 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 19 
 
 Part III. Signatures 
 
 20 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements. 

CO2 ENERGY TRANSITION CORP. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
2024 
 December 31, 
2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current assets 

Cash 

Total Current Assets 

Deferred offering costs 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER S DEFICIT 

Current liabilities 

Accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Promissory note related party 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDER S DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (1) 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholder s Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER S DEFICIT 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

CO2 ENERGY TRANSITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 General and administrative costs 

Loss from operations 

Net loss 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Common stock (1) 

Basic and diluted net loss per common share 
 
 -

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

CO2 ENERGY TRANSITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER S
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Common stock (1) 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance
 January 1, 2024 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2024 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Net loss 

Balance September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2023 

Common stock (1) 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholder s 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance January 1, 2023 

Distributions to Sponsor 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2023 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2023 

Distributions to Sponsor 

Net loss 

Balance September 30, 2023 (unaudited) 

(1) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

CO2 ENERGY TRANSITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Operating expenses paid on behalf of the Company 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from promissory note - related party 

Distributions to Sponsor 

Repayment of promissory note - related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Offering costs included in promissory note 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

CO2 ENERGY TRANSITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

units, with each unit consisting of share of our common stock, redeemable warrant, and
 right (the Units and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in the Units offered, the Public Shares ),
which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of Units, at per Unit,
generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. Each warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one share
of our common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein and each eight rights entitle the holder
thereof to receive one share of common stock at the closing of a business combination. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Private Units at a price of 
per Private Unit in a private placement to the Company s sponsor, CO2 Energy Transition, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating
gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted
to consisting of of cash underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting fees, fair value of Representative
Shares (as defined in Note 8), and of other offering costs. 

There is no assurance that
the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations
with one or more operating businesses or assets with a fair market value equal to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account
(as defined below) (excluding any deferred underwriting discounts). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction
company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in
the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940,
as amended (the Investment Company Act ). 

Following the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, on November 22, 2024, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the
Units in the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Units was placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located
in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of
the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as
a money market fund selected by the Company meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined
by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held
in the Trust Account, as described below. 

The Company will provide
the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of
their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve
the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval
of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their
Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest
then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with
respect to the Company s warrants. 

The Company will only proceed
with a Business Combination if the Company seeks stockholder approval, and a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business
Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide
to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
(the Certificate of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. 

If, however, stockholder
approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder
approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the
proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination,
the holders of the Company s shares prior to the Initial Public Offering (the Initial Stockholders have agreed to
vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of
approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if
they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

5 

CO2 ENERGY TRANSITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

The Initial Stockholders
have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Public Shares held by them in connection
with the completion of a Business Combination, (b) to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company
fails to complete a Business Combination within 18 months (or up to 24 months in certain circumstances) from the closing of
the Initial Public Offering and (c) not to propose an amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation (i) to modify the substance
or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem of its Public
Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect
to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public
Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. However, if the Sponsor acquires
Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The Company will have until
18 months (or up to 24 months if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination) from the closing
of the Initial Public Offering to complete a Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company has not completed
a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding
up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at
a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s
warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The Initial Stockholders
have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares and shares of common stock part of, and issuable in connection
with, the Private Placement Units, if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if
the Initial Stockholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

The United States and global
markets are experiencing volatility and disruption following the geopolitical instability resulting from the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict
and the recent escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict. In response to the ongoing Russia-Ukraine conflict, the North Atlantic Treaty
Organization NATO deployed additional military forces to eastern Europe, and the United States, the United Kingdom, the
European Union and other countries have announced various sanctions and restrictive actions against Russia, Belarus and related individuals
and entities, including the removal of certain financial institutions from the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication
payment system. Certain countries, including the United States, have also provided and may continue to provide military aid or other assistance
to Ukraine and to Israel, increasing geopolitical tensions among a number of nations. The invasion of Ukraine by Russia and the escalation
of the Israel-Hamas conflict and the resulting measures that have been taken, and could be taken in the future, by NATO, the United States,
the United Kingdom, the European Union, Israel and its neighboring states and other countries have created global security concerns that
could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. Although the length and impact of the ongoing conflicts are highly unpredictable,
they could lead to market disruptions, including significant volatility in commodity prices, credit and capital markets, as well as supply
chain interruptions and increased cyberattacks against U.S. companies. Additionally, any resulting sanctions could adversely affect the
global economy and financial markets and lead to instability and lack of liquidity in capital markets. 

Any of the above mentioned
factors, or any other negative impact on the global economy, capital markets or other geopolitical conditions resulting from the Russian
invasion of Ukraine, the escalation of the Israel-Hamas conflict and subsequent sanctions or related actions, could adversely affect the
Company s search for an initial business combination and any target business with which the Company may ultimately consummate an
initial business combination. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had in cash and a working capital deficit of . In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 205-40 Going Concern, and through
the consummation of the Initial Public Offering on November 22, 2024, the Company has sufficient funds for the working capital needs of
the Company until a minimum of one year from the date of issuance of these unaudited condensed financial statements. The Company cannot
be assured that its plans to consummate an Initial Business Combination will be successful. 

The Company does not believe
it will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating its business. However, if the estimate
of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than
the actual amount necessary to do so, the Company may have insufficient funds available to operate its business prior to the initial Business
Combination. 

6 

CO2 ENERGY TRANSITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

and in cash, respectively, and no cash equivalents. 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could
have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

7 

CO2 ENERGY TRANSITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

and , respectively, of U.S. federal net operating loss carryovers available to offset
future taxable income. Net operating loss carryovers are indefinite lived for future offsets. In assessing the realization of the deferred
tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion of all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized.
The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which
temporary differences representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred
tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all of
the information available, management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of deferred tax
assets and therefore established a full valuation allowance of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

common shares that are subject to forfeiture if the option
to purchase additional units is not exercised in full by the underwriters. At the closing of the Initial Public Offering on November 22,
2024, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full. As such, the Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture.
As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially,
be exercised or converted into common shares and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per common share
is the same as basic loss per common share for the periods presented. 

8 

CO2 ENERGY TRANSITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

Units, at a purchase price of per Unit, which includes the full exercise
by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of Units. Each Unit consists of common stock, right Public
Right and redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-eighth
(1/8) of one share of common stock upon the consummation of a Business Combination (see Note 7). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder
to purchase one share of common stock at an exercise price of per share (see Note 7). 

Private Units at a price of per Private Unit,
for an aggregate purchase price of in a private placement. Each Private Unit consists of one Private Share, one right Private
Right and one redeemable warrant Private Warrant ). Each Private Right entitles the holder thereof to receive one-eighth
(1/8) of one share of common stock upon the consummation of a Business Combination (see Note 7). Each whole Private Warrant is exercisable
for one share of common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The proceeds from the sale of the Private
Units were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business
Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund
the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Units and all underlying securities
will expire worthless. 

to cover certain offering costs of the Company in consideration for
 shares of common stock (the Founder Shares ). In connection with a reduction in the planned size of the Initial
Public Offering, the Sponsor amended and restated the subscription agreement on October 10, 2022 to provide for a subscription of
 shares of common stock. On December 28, 2022, in connection with a change in the terms of the offering, the Sponsor further
amended and restated the subscription agreement to provide for a subscription of shares of common stock. On December 1,
2023, the Sponsor further amended and restated the subscription agreement to provide for a subscription of shares of common
stock. All shares have been retrospectively presented so that the total Founder Shares issued total shares of common stock.
The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment
was not exercised in full, so that the number of Founder Shares would equal, on an as-converted basis, approximately of the Company s
issued and outstanding common stock after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the
Initial Public Offering). At the closing of the Initial Public Offering on November 22, 2024, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment
option in full. As such, the Founder Shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The Initial Stockholder
has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one
year after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale
price of the common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after a Business
Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction
that results in all of the Public Stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other
property. 

Promissory Note Related
Party 

On January 8, 2022,
the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company could
borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of . On February 15, 2023, the Company amended the Promissory Note s principal
amount from to . On April 20, 2024, the Company further amended the Promissory Note s principal amount from
 to . The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2025 or (ii) the
consummation of the Initial Public Offering. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and , respectively,
outstanding under the Promissory Note. On November 22, 2024, upon the closing of the Initial Public Officer, the Company repaid the note
and borrowings with the exception of which remains outstanding under the note. 

9 

CO2 ENERGY TRANSITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units at a price of per unit. The units would be identical
to the Private Placement Units. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

The Company entered into
an agreement, commencing on November 12, 2024, through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and the Company s
liquidation, to pay the Sponsor per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and other administrative and consulting
services. 

-day option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any,
at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On November 22, 2024, simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 
Units at a price of per Unit. 

The underwriters were entitled
to a cash underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or , which was paid upon the closing
of the Initial Public Offering. Additionally, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of of the gross
proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or , payable upon the closing of an initial Business Combination from the amounts held
in the Trust Account. 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designation,
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, there were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

Common Stock The
Company is authorized to issue shares of common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of common stock are entitled
to vote for each share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, Founder Shares are issued and outstanding. 

Rights 
Each holder of a right will receive one-eight (1/8) of one common stock upon consummation of a Business Combination, even if the holder
of such right redeemed all shares held by it in connection with a Business Combination. No fractional shares will be issued upon exchange
of the rights. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional shares
upon consummation of a Business Combination as the consideration related thereto has been included in the Unit purchase price paid for
by investors in the Initial Public Offering. If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the
Company will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share
consideration the holders of the common stock will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into common stock basis and each holder
of a right will be required to affirmatively convert its rights in order to receive 1/8 share underlying each right (without paying additional
consideration). The shares issuable upon exchange of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by affiliates of the
Company). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there are no rights outstanding. 

10 

CO2 ENERGY TRANSITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

per Public Warrant; 

upon
not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; 

if,
and only if, the reported last sale price of the common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock
dividends, reorganizations and recapitalizations), for any trading days within a trading day period commencing after the warrants
become exercisable and ending on the third business day prior to the notice of redemption to warrant holders; and 

if,
and only if, there is a current registration statement in effect with respect to the common stock underlying such warrants. 

If the Company calls the
Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do
so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. The exercise price and number of common stock issuable upon
exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, extraordinary dividend
or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted
for issuances of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash
settle the Public Rights or Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period
and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect
to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with
respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Rights and Public Warrants may expire worthless. 

In addition, if (x) the
Company issues additional common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of a Business
Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price
to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates,
without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly
Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds,
and interest thereon, available for the funding of a Business Combination on the date of the completion of a Business Combination (net
of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s common stock during the 20 trading day
period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates a Business Combination (such price, the Market
Value is below per share, the exercise price of the Public Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to
115 of the greater of the Market Value or the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described above will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market Value or the Newly Issued Price. 

The Private Warrants are
identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Warrants and the common
stock issuable upon the exercise of the Private Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the
completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants will be exercisable on
a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the Private
Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable
by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

11 

CO2 ENERGY TRANSITION CORP. 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(Unaudited) 

shares of common stock (the Representative Shares ). The Company estimated the value of
the Representative Shares to be . Kingswood has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of
the initial Business Combination. In addition, Kingswood has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in
connection with the completion of an initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust
Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The Representative Shares
have been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the effective
date of the Initial Public Offering pursuant to Rule 5110(e)(1) of FINRA s NASD Conduct Rules. Pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1),
these securities may not be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated or the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative,
put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days immediately
following the effective date of the Initial Public Offering, nor may they be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated for
a period of 180 days immediately following the effective date of the Initial Public Offering except to any underwriter and selected dealer
participating in the Initial Public Offering and their bona fide officers or partners, registered persons or affiliates or as otherwise
permitted under Rule 5110(e)(2), and only if any such transferee agrees to the foregoing lock-up restrictions. 

Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment
option in the amount of Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the closing of
the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of Private Units at a price of per Private Unit in a private
placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of . 

On November 22, 2024, in
connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of of
the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or , which was paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Additionally,
the underwriters were entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or ,
payable upon the closing of an initial Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account. 

On November 22, 2024, in
connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company issued Kingswood the Representative Shares. 

On November 22, 2024, the
Company repaid a total of under the Promissory Note, with the remaining outstanding balance of currently due on demand. 

12 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

General Information 

This information should be read in conjunction
with the interim unaudited financial statements and the notes thereto included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Certain capitalized terms used below and otherwise
defined below, have the meanings given to such terms in the footnotes to our unaudited consolidated financial statements included above
under Part I Financial Information Item 1. Financial Statements . 

Our logo and some of our trademarks and tradenames
are used in this Report. This Report also includes trademarks, tradenames and service marks that are the property of others. Solely for
convenience, trademarks, tradenames and service marks referred to in this Report may appear without the , and SM symbols.
References to our trademarks, tradenames and service marks are not intended to indicate in any way that we will not assert to the fullest
extent under applicable law our rights or the rights of the applicable licensors if any, nor that respective owners to other intellectual
property rights will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. We do not intend the use or display
of other companies trademarks and trade names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. 

The market data and certain other statistical
information used throughout this Report are based on independent industry publications, reports by market research firms or other independent
sources that we believe to be reliable sources. Industry publications and third-party research, surveys and studies generally indicate
that their information has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable, although they do not guarantee the accuracy or completeness
of such information. We are responsible for all of the disclosures contained in this Report, and we believe these industry publications
and third-party research, surveys and studies are reliable. While we are not aware of any misstatements regarding any third-party information
presented in this Report, their estimates, in particular, as they relate to projections, involve numerous assumptions, are subject to
risks and uncertainties, and are subject to change based on various factors, including those discussed under, and incorporated by reference
in, the section entitled Risk Factors of this Report. These and other factors could cause our future performance
to differ materially from our assumptions and estimates. Some market and other data included herein, as well as the data of competitors
as they relate to CO2 Energy Transition Corp., is also based on our good faith estimates. 

Unless the context requires otherwise, references
to the Company, we, us, our, and CO2 Energy , refer specifically
to CO2 Energy Transition Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and
directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to CO2 Energy Transition, LLC. 

In addition, unless the context otherwise requires
and for the purposes of this report only: 

Exchange Act refers to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 

SEC or the Commission refers to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; and 

Securities Act refers to the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical
facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the completion of the initial Business Combination,
the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, 
 seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently
available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and
results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including that: 

we are a newly formed company with no operating history and no revenues; 

our ability to continue as a going concern 

we may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame; 

stockholders have no rights or interests in funds from the Trust Account, except under certain limited circumstances; 

13 

our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us; 

if third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the Trust Account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.00 per share; 

subsequent to completion of our initial Business Combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges; 

conflicts of interest of our sponsor, officers and directors; 

we may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business; 

our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed Business Combination; 

the absence of a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete a Business Combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree; 

we may redeem unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to holders; 

we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the required approval of the holders of the then outstanding public warrants; 

our competitors have advantages over us in seeking Business Combinations; 

we may be unable to obtain additional financing; 

our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock; 

we may issue additional equity and/or debt securities to complete our initial Business Combination; 

our sponsor controls a substantial interest in us; 

if we seek stockholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our sponsor, who controls a substantial interest in us, has agreed to vote in favor of such initial Business Combination, regardless of how our public stockholders vote; 

the ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential Business Combination targets, may not allow us to complete the most desirable Business Combination or optimize our capital structure, and will increase the probability that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful; 

14 

lack of protections normally afforded to investors of blank check companies; 

Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange; 

we have not registered the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants sold as part of the units in our initial public offering, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise such warrants; 

shares being redeemed and warrants becoming worthless; 

events which may result in the per-share amount held in our Trust Account dropping below 10.00 per public share; 

our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor; 

if, before distributing the proceeds in the Trust Account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced; 

because we are not limited to a particular industry or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial Business Combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations; 

we may seek acquisition opportunities in companies that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise; 

if we effect our initial Business Combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations; and 

changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, tax consequences to Business Combinations may adversely affect our business, investments and results of operations. 

For information identifying important factors
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk
Factors section of the Company s final Rule 424(b)(3) prospectus for its Initial Public Offering filed with the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission on November 21, 2024. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s
website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to
update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in the
Delaware on September 30, 2021 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, amalgamation, share exchange, asset acquisition, share
purchase, reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination
using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Units, our shares, debt or a
combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

15 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from September 30, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2024, were organizational
activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues
until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable
securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting
and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024, we had a net loss of 26,532 and 66,985, respectively, which consist of general and administrative costs. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2023, we had a net loss of 5,290 and 135,402, respectively, which consist of general and administrative costs. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Until the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
our only source of liquidity was an initial purchase of shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, by the Sponsor and loans
from the Sponsor. 

Subsequent to the quarterly period covered by
this Report, on November 22, 2024, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 6,900,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by
the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 900,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 69,000,000.
Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 265,000 Private Units at a price of 10.00
per Private Unit in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 2,650,000. 

Following the Initial Public Offering, a total
of 69,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 3,423,710 of expenses associated with the Initial Public Offering, consisting
of 517,500 of cash underwriting discount, 2,070,000 of deferred underwriting fees, 77,280 fair value of Representative Shares, and
 758,930 of other offering costs. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete
our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our
Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the
target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust
Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel
to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate
documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of
such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of 10.00 per unit at the
option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional
financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares
upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such
Business Combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established
for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements,
established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay the Sponsor 10,000 per month for office
space, utilities, secretarial support and other administrative and consulting services. 

The Company granted the underwriters a 45-day
option from the date of Initial Public Offering to purchase up to 900,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial
Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On November 22, 2024, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the underwriters elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 900,000 Units at a price
of 10.00 per Unit. 

16 

The underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of 0.75 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, or 517,500, which was paid upon the closing of the Initial Public
Offering. Additionally, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of 3.00 of the gross proceeds of the Initial
Public Offering, or 2,070,000, payable upon the closing of an initial Business Combination from the amounts held in the Trust Account. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of condensed financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Making estimates requires management to
exercise significant judgement. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of
circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change
in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any critical accounting estimates to be disclosed. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to Management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer (together, the Certifying Officers ), or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate,
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our Management, including our Certifying Officers, we carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of
our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act as of the end of the period
covered by this report. Based on the foregoing, our Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective
as of the end of the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to
materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

17 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

The significant factors known to us that could
materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, or operating results are described in the Risk Factors section
of the Rule 424(b)(3) final prospectus for our Initial Public Offering as filed with the SEC on November 21, 2024. Any of these factors
could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors
not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of
this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our final prospectus
for the Initial Public Offering, which are incorporated by reference herein. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

On January 13, 2022, the Sponsor subscribed for
3,593,750 Founder Shares for a total subscription price of 25,000 and fully paid for those shares. In connection with a reduction in
the planned size of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor amended and restated the subscription agreement on October 10, 2022, to provide
for a subscription of 2,300,000 shares of common stock. On December 28, 2022, in connection with a change in the terms of the offering,
the Sponsor further amended and restated the subscription agreement to provide for a subscription of 3,066,667 shares of common stock.
On December 1, 2023, the Sponsor further amended and restated the subscription agreement to provide for a subscription of 2,300,000 shares
of common stock. All shares have been retrospectively presented so that the total Founder Shares issued total 2,300,000 shares of common
stock. The Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to 300,000 shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters 
over-allotment was not exercised in full. At the closing of the Initial Public Offering on November 22, 2024, the underwriters exercised
their over-allotment option in full as part of the initial closing of the Initial Public Offering. As such, the 300,000 Founder Shares
are no longer subject to forfeiture. The foregoing issuance was made pursuant to the exemption from registration contained in Section
4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. 

On November 22, 2024, the Company consummated
the Initial Public Offering of 6,900,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in
the amount of 900,000 Units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 69,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 265,000 Private Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit in a private placement
to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 2,650,000. 

Of the gross proceeds received from the Initial
Public Offering and the Private Placement, an aggregate of 69,000,000 was placed in the Trust Account. The proceeds held in the Trust
Account may be invested by the trustee only in U.S. government securities within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund
selected by the Company meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company. The specific
investments in our Trust Account may change from time to time. 

We incurred a total of 3,423,710 consisting of
 517,500 of cash underwriting discount, 2,070,000 of deferred underwriting fees, 77,280 fair value of Representative Shares, and 758,930
of other offering costs. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in our Initial Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Report. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from
our Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement as described in the IPO Registration Statement. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None 

Item 5. Other Information 

(c) Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans . Our directors
and executive officers may from time to time enter into plans or other arrangements for the purchase or sale of our shares that are intended
to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or may represent a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement under the Exchange
Act. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, of the Company s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f)) adopted
or terminated any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities that was intended to satisfy the
affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 

18 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated November 20, 2024 by and between the Company and Kingswood Capital Partners, LLC, as representative of the underwriters listed on Schedule A thereto (filed as Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 25, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 25, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated November 20, 2024, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 25, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Rights Agreement, dated November 20, 2024, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 25, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated November 20, 2024, by and among the Company and its officers, directors and the Sponsor (filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 25, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 20, 2024, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 25, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 20, 2024, by and among the Company and certain security holders (filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 25, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.4 
 
 Administrative Services Agreement, dated November 20, 2024, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 25, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2024, by and between the Company and each of the officers and directors of the Company (filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 25, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Private Placement Units Purchase Agreement, dated November 20, 2024, by and between the Company and the Sponsor (filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 25, 2024, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set 

Filed
herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

19 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CO2 ENERGY TRANSITION CORP. 

Date: December 27, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Brady Rodgers 

Name: 
 Brady Rodgers 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: December 27, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Harold R. DeMoss, III 

Name: 
 Harold R. DeMoss, III 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022565201ex31-1_co2energy.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Brady Rodgers, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of CO2 Energy Transition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a)); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 27, 2024 

/s/
 Brady Rodgers 

Brady Rodgers 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022565201ex31-2_co2energy.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Harold R. DeMoss, III, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of CO2 Energy Transition Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a)); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: December 27, 2024 

/s/
 Harold R. DeMoss, III 

Harold R. DeMoss, III 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022565201ex32-1_co2energy.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of CO2
Energy Transition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Brady Rodgers, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted
pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: December 27, 2024 

/s/
 Brady Rodgers 

Brady Rodgers 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022565201ex32-2_co2energy.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of CO2
Energy Transition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the
Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Harold R. DeMoss III, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as
adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: December 27, 2024 

/s/ Harold R. DeMoss, III 

Harold R. DeMoss, III 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 noemu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 noemu-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 noemu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 noemu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 noemu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

