<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1823878_0001823878-24-000047.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8267915</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>118268</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1441575</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3040228</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1854600</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1650781</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001823878-24-000047.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105161545
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001823878-24-000047
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PLAYSTUDIOS, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001823878
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				981606155
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39652
		FILM NUMBER:		241427687

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10150 COVINGTON CROSS DRIVE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89144
		BUSINESS PHONE:		725-877-7000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10150 COVINGTON CROSS DRIVE
		CITY:			LAS VEGAS
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89144

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Acies Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200908

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001823878-24-000047.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 myps-20240930.htm
 10-Q

myps-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 
 ) 
 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 
 As of October 31, 2024, there were shares of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, and shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 
 
 1 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Table of Contents 
 
 Page Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 Part I - Financial Information 
 5 
 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 
 10 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 28 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 42 
 Part II - Other Information 
 43 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 43 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 44 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 45 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 45 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 45 
 Signatures 
 46 

2 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. All statements, other than statements of present or historical fact included in this Quarterly Report, about our future financial performance, strategy, expansion plans, future operations, future operating results, estimated revenues, losses, projected costs, prospects, plans and objectives of management are forward-looking statements. Any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, intend, believe, estimate, continue, goal, project or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. 
 Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 our business strategy and market opportunity; 
 our future financial performance, including our expectations regarding our revenue, cost of revenue, gross profit, or gross margin, operating expenses (including changes in sales and marketing, research and development, and general and administrative expenses), and profitability; 
 market acceptance of our games; 
 our ability to raise financing in the future and the global credit and financial markets; 
 factors relating to our business, operations, financial performance, and our subsidiaries, including: 
 changes in the competitive and regulated industries in which we operate, variations in operating performance across competitors, and changes in laws and regulations affecting our business, 
 our ability to implement business plans, forecasts, and other expectations, and identify and realize additional opportunities, and 
 general economic conditions and their impact on levels of spending by players, our awards partners, and our advertisers, including risks of inflation and recession and other macroeconomic conditions; 
 our ability to maintain relationships with our platforms, such as the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, Amazon Appstore, and Facebook; 
 the accounting for our outstanding warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock; 
 our ability to develop, maintain, and improve our internal control over financial reporting; 
 our ability to maintain, protect, and enhance our intellectual property rights; 
 our ability to successfully defend litigation brought against us; 
 our ability to identify, close, and integrate acquisitions to contribute to our growth objectives; 
 our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors; 
 the impact of geopolitical conditions, including the wars between Ukraine and Russia and between the State of Israel and Hamas, as well as evolving conflicts in surrounding areas; and 
 the impact of public health epidemics or pandemics (including COVID-19) on our business. 
 
 These forward-looking statements are based on our current plans, estimates and projections in light of information currently available to us, and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us, including those described under the heading Risk Factors in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and in other filings that we make with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC from time to time, that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In addition, the risks described under the heading Risk Factors are 
 3 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 not exhaustive. New risk factors emerge from time to time, and it is not possible to predict all such risk factors, nor can we assess the impact of all such risk factors on our business or the extent to which any risk factor or combination of risk factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are also not guarantees of performance. You should not put undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date hereof. Except as otherwise required by applicable law, we disclaim any duty to update any forward-looking statements, all of which are expressly qualified by the statements in this section, to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 We intend to announce material information to the public through our Investor Relations website, ir.playstudios.com , SEC filings, press releases, public conference calls and public webcasts. We use these channels, as well as social media, to communicate with our investors, customers, and the public about our company, our offerings, and other issues. It is possible that the information we post on our website or social media could be deemed to be material information. As such, we encourage investors, the media, and others to follow the channels listed above, including our website and the social media channels listed on our Investor Relations website, and to review the information disclosed through such channels. Any updates to the list of disclosure channels through which we will announce information will be posted on the investor relations page on our website. 
 4 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PART I. Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 PLAYSTUDIOS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (unaudited, in thousands, except par value amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net 
 Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangibles assets and internal-use software, net Goodwill Deferred income taxes Other long-term assets Total non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Operating lease liabilities, current Accrued and other current liabilities 
 Total current liabilities Minimum guarantee liability Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities, non-current Contingent consideration 
 Other long-term liabilities Total non-current liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 17) 
 par value shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Class A common stock, par value shares authorized, and shares issued, and and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Class B common stock, par value shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively). 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Treasury stock, at cost, and shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PLAYSTUDIOS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (unaudited, in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net revenue Operating expenses: Cost of revenue (1) 
 Selling and marketing Research and development General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Restructuring and related Total operating costs and expenses Loss from operations ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net: Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Interest income, net Other (loss) income, net ) ) ) Total other income, net (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Net (loss) income ) ) Net loss per share attributable to Class A and Class B common stockholders: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding: 
 Basic Diluted 
 
 (1) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PLAYSTUDIOS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME (unaudited, in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in foreign currency translation adjustment (1) 
 ) ) ) Unrealized gain (loss) from derivative financial instruments (1) 
 ) Reclassification of loss/(gain) from settlement of derivative financial instruments included in net (loss) income (1) 
 Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) 
 
 (1) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PLAYSTUDIOS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (unaudited, in thousands) 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Exercise of stock options Restricted stock vesting, net of shares withheld 
 ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchase of common stock Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Retained Earnings Treasury Stock Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Exercise of stock options Restricted stock vesting, net of shares withheld ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 8 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Accumulated Deficit Treasury Stock Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Exercise of stock options Restricted stock vesting, net of shares withheld ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Other comprehensive income Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Accumulated Deficit Treasury Stock Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) Exercise of stock options Restricted stock vesting, net of shares withheld ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
 9 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PLAYSTUDIOS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited, in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of loan costs Stock-based compensation expense Change in fair value of warrant liabilities ) ) Change in fair value of contingent consideration ) Asset impairments Deferred income tax expense ) ) Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities Receivables, net 
 ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets Income tax receivable ) ) Accounts payable accrued liabilities ) ) Other Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchase of property and equipment ) ) Additions to internal-use software ) ) Assets acquired from business combination ) Other ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from stock option exercises Payments for tax withholding of stock-based compensation ) ) Payment of minimum guarantee liabilities ) ) Repurchases of treasury stock ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 
 Supplemental cash flow disclosures: Interest paid Income taxes paid, net of refunds Non-cash investing and financing activities: Capitalization of stock-based compensation Additions to intangible assets related to licensing agreements Right-of-use assets acquired under operating leases 
 Assets acquired from business combination The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited, in thousands, unless otherwise noted) 
 
 Emerging Growth Company ("EGC") 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company qualified as an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and the Company has taken and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public 
 11 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

million and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The cash is classified within Other long-term assets. Such amounts plus Cash and cash equivalents on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets equal Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows as of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 
 12 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 playAWARDS Reportable segment net revenue AEBITDA playGAMES playAWARDS ) ) ) ) Reportable segment AEBITDA Other operating expense Corporate and other Restructuring expenses Other reconciling items ) Stock-based compensation Depreciation and amortization Non-operating income Change in fair value of warrant liabilities Interest income, net Other (expense) income, net ) ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) Net (loss) income ) ) 
 
 million at closing, and the Company agreed to pay additional consideration, contingent upon the satisfaction of certain product and financial milestones, up to a maximum amount of million. Subject to meeting certain financial minimum milestones, the Company will pay the sellers of the Pixode assets 
 13 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 period commencing on the re-launch date of the rebranded Pixode assets, payable at the end of each fiscal year. 
 The Company recorded the excess of the fair value of the consideration transferred in the acquisition over the fair value of net assets acquired as goodwill. The goodwill reflects our expectations of favorable future growth opportunities and anticipated synergies through the scale of our operations. The Company expects that substantially all of the goodwill will be deductible for federal income tax purposes. 
 Contingent consideration Total consideration transferred Identifiable assets acquired: 
 Developed technology (weighted-average useful life of years) 
 Property and equipment, net 
 Total identifiable net assets Goodwill 
 
 Intangibles, net 
 The Company s revenues and expenses recognized from related parties were immaterial during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 MGM Resorts International MGM 
 MGM is a stockholder and the President of MGM Resorts Operations also serves on the Company s Board of Directors. MGM owned approximately million and million shares of the Company's outstanding Class A common stock as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 In April 2011, the Company entered into a joint marketing agreement with MGM (as amended, the Marketing Agreement in exchange for assistance with marketing campaigns and the certain rights to utilize MGM s licensed marks and licensed copyrights for the development of certain of the Company s social casino games. The initial term of the Marketing Agreement was for from the go-live date of the first such game in July 2012, with automatic renewal provisions based on the games achieving specified performance criteria. The Marketing Agreement was recorded as an indefinite-lived intangible asset. 
 Microsoft Corporation ("Microsoft") 
 On June 7, 2024, and with the approval of the Company's board of directors, the Company repurchased million shares of Class A common stock held by Microsoft at a price of per share. The total amount paid by the Company for the repurchase of such shares was million and was funded with available cash. The repurchase of shares from Microsoft was supplemental to the Company s previously announced million stock repurchase program and did not impact the amount of permitted repurchases thereunder. 
 14 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Other receivables Allowance for uncollectible amounts 
 ) ) Total receivables, net 
 
 Trade receivables generally represent amounts due to the Company from social and mobile platform operators, including Apple, Google, and direct-to-consumer ("DTC") payment processors, including Xsolla. Trade receivables are recorded when the right to consideration becomes unconditional. 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 Google, LLC 
 Xsolla (USA), Inc. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any additional counterparties that exceeded 10 of the Company s net accounts receivable. 
 
 Income tax receivable Other current assets Total prepaid expenses other current assets 

Private Warrants Derivative financial instruments 
 Contingent consideration 
 Total financial liabilities 
 15 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Private Warrants Total financial liabilities 
 The fair value of our Level 3 contingent consideration liabilities relate to the Pixode Acquisition. This contingent consideration is primarily based on expected payments arising from a percentage of an adjusted net revenue for a three year period commencing on the re-launch date of the rebranded Pixode assets, payable at the end of each fiscal year. The value of these payments are subject to various market and operational risks. Significant unobservable inputs include a discount rate of approximately and the probability of revenue growth over the same three year period. See Note 4 Business Combinations for more information on the Pixode Acquisition. 
 
 Building and building improvements Computer equipment Leasehold improvements Purchased software Furniture and fixtures Construction in progress Total property and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 The aggregate depreciation expense for property and equipment, net is reflected in Depreciation and amortization in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, depreciation expense was million and million, respectively and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, depreciation expense was million and million, respectively. There were material impairment charges or material write-offs recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Europe, Middle East, and Africa 
 All other countries Total property and equipment, net 
 
 16 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 ) ) Acquired technology ) ) Customer relationships ) ) Trade names ) ) Internal-use software ) ) Other 
 ) ) ) ) Nonamortizable intangible assets: Marketing Agreement with a related party Total intangible assets ) ) 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, intangible asset and internal-use software amortization was million and million, respectively, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, i ntangible asset and internal-use software amortization was million and million , respectively. The aggregate amortization expense for amortizable intangible assets and internal-use software is reflected in Depreciation and amortization in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company changed the useful life of certain definite-lived intangible assets associated with its non-fungible token initiative, resulting in an accelerated amortization of million. The amount of accelerated amortization is reported as an asset impairment and reported within "Restructuring and related" in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recorded a non-cash impairment charge within "Restructuring and related" in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations of million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024 and in connection with the Plan, the Company modified its future investment in certain game titles resulting in either (i) a significant reduction in user acquisition expense, (ii) significant reduction in future development expenses, or (iii) termination of game titles. The Company expects to record an estimated impairment charge of million during the fourth quarter of 2024. Refer to Note 17 Commitments and Contingencies for more information regarding the Plan. 
 17 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 Additions from acquisitions Measurement period adjustments Balance as of September 30, 2024 

Accrued user acquisition Income taxes payable Warrant liabilities 
 Minimum guarantee liability 
 Other licensing agreements 
 Other accruals Total accrued liabilities 
 Warrant Liabilities 
 Upon the closing of the Acies Merger, there were approximately million publicly-traded redeemable warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock (the "Public Warrants") and million redeemable warrants to purchase shares of Class A common stock initially issued to Acies Acquisition, LLC (the "Sponsor") in a private placement (the "Private Warrants") by Acies. Each whole Public Warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase whole share of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of in cash per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, as of October 27, 2021. Pursuant to the Warrant Agreement, a holder of Public Warrants may exercise the Public Warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. The Public Warrants will expire years after the completion of the Acies Merger, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Private Warrants are identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Private Warrants were not transferable until after the completion of the Acies Merger, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Warrants are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial holder or any of its permitted transferees. If the Private Warrants are held by someone other than the initial holder or its permitted transferees, the Private Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and 
 18 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 per Public Warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption, if and only if the last sale price of the Company s Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share for any -trading days within a -trading day period ending business days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the holders of the Public Warrants. If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the exercise of Public Warrants. 
 At September 30, 2024, there were approximately million Public Warrants and million Private Warrants outstanding. Refer to Note 8 Fair Value Measurement for further information. The warrant liabilities are classified within Accrued and other current liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 million and million, respectively, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, operating lease expense was million and million, respectively. The Company does not have any finance leases. Total variable and short-term lease payments were immaterial for all periods presented. 
 On June 30, 2024, the Company renewed its lease of office space located in Tel Aviv, Israel. The original lease term was set to expire on December 31, 2024. The renewed lease term extends for an additional through December 31, 2027. As a result of the lease renewal, the Company recognized an additional right-of-use asset and lease liability of million. 
 Operating lease liabilities, current Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Operating lease liabilities, total Weighted average remaining lease term, years Weighted average discount rate 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Less: imputed interest ) Lease liabilities, total 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company did not have material additional operating leases that have not yet commenced. 
 
 19 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 revolving credit facility in an aggregate principal amount of million. Borrowings under the Credit Agreement may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed by the Company, and are available for working capital, general corporate purposes and permitted acquisitions. 
 Commitment fees and interest rates are determined on the basis of either a Eurodollar rate or an Alternate Base Rate plus an applicable margin. The applicable margins are initially , in the case of Eurodollar loans, and , in the case of Alternate Base Rate loans. The applicable margin is subject to adjustment based upon the Company's Total Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the Credit Agreement). Eurodollar rates and the Alternate Base Rate are subject to floors of and , respectively. The Credit Agreement contains various affirmative and negative financial and operational covenants applicable to the Company and its subsidiaries. 
 The Credit Agreement includes customary reporting requirements, conditions precedent to borrowing and affirmative, negative and financial covenants. Specific financial covenants include the following, commencing with the quarter ended September 30, 2021: 
 Total Net Leverage Ratio of :1.00 (subject to increase to :1.00 following consummation of certain material acquisitions) 
 Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio of :1.00. 
 On August 16, 2023, the Company, a subsidiary of the Company, the Lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, entered into an Amendment No. 3 to Credit Agreement (the Amendment No. 3 ), among other things, exclude from the Restricted Payments covenant certain repurchases of Equity Interests of the Company deemed to occur upon the exercise, settlement or vesting of stock options, warrants or other equity-based awards if and to the extent such Equity Interests represent a portion of the exercise price of, or satisfy any tax withholding obligations with respect to, such options, warrants or other equity-based awards. 
 On June 7, 2024, the Company, a subsidiary of the Company, the Lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, entered into an Amendment No. 4 to Credit Agreement (the Amendment No. 4 to, among other things, (i) modify the definition of Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio to exclude from the calculation of Restricted Payments amounts paid for the repurchase, prior to June 30, 2024, of approximately million shares of Class A common stock of the Company, and (ii) modify the definition of Consolidated Fixed Charges to take into account any tax refunds received in the applicable measurement period. 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company, a subsidiary of the Company, the Lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, entered into the Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement (the Amendment No. 5 to, among other things, exclude from the covenant set forth in Section 6.01 of the Credit Agreement regarding the incurrence of Indebtedness (as defined therein) the contingent consideration obligations payable pursuant to the Pixode acquisition. 
 The Company capitalized a total of million in debt issuance costs related to the Credit Agreement and subsequent amendments. As of September 30, 2024, the Company does not have any balances outstanding under the Credit Agreement. 
 20 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Advertising (point in time) Other revenue (point in time or over time) Total net revenue 
 
 All other countries Total net revenue 
 Contract Balances 
 contract assets recorded in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The deferred revenue balance related to the purchase of virtual currency was immaterial as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Trade receivables are described in Note 6 Receivables, net 
 
 million and an income tax benefit of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and the Company recorded an income tax expense of million and an income tax benefit of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our effective tax rate was for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to ) for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our effective tax rate was ) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The effective rate of differs from the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the valuation allowance recorded against US deferred tax assets, foreign branch income, nondeductible stock compensation, and discrete tax expense related to uncertain tax benefits on research and development credits. 
 
 Minimum guarantee liability - noncurrent 
 Total minimum guarantee obligations Weighted-average remaining contractual term (in years) 
 21 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total 
 N3TWORK, Inc. 
 On November 22, 2021, the Company entered into agreements with N3TWORK Inc. and The Tetris Company, LLC pursuant to which the Company acquired the rights to develop and operate Tetris -branded mobile games for an initial term through August 2024. The Company paid N3TWORK Inc. million at closing and agreed to pay up to an additional million subject to satisfaction of certain conditions (the "Contingent Payments"). 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company settled and paid million of million and paid million of million of the Contingent Payments due to certain conditions of the Contingent Payments being satisfied. The Company accrued an additional million in "Accrued and other current liabilities" within the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets due to other conditions of the Contingent Payments being met. The Company recorded an increase in "Intangible assets and internal-use software, net" within the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets related to the partial settlement of Contingent Payments. 
 The remaining amount of Contingent Payments as of September 30, 2024 was approximately million. 
 Pixode 
 In connection with the Pixode Acquisition, in addition to the million paid at closing, and the Company agreed to pay a percentage of an adjusted net revenue for a period commencing on the re-launch date of the rebranded Pixode assets, payable at the end of each fiscal year, contingent upon the satisfaction of certain product and financial milestones, up to a maximum amount of million. The fair value of the contingent consideration is reassessed at each reporting date, with changes recognized in earnings. The fair value of the contingent consideration as of September 30, 2024 was million. Refer to Note 8 Fair Value Measurement for more information. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 The Company is party to ordinary and routine litigation incidental to its business. On a case-by-case basis, the Company engages inside and outside counsel to assess the probability of potential liability resulting from such litigation. After making such assessments, the Company makes an accrual for the estimated loss only when the loss is reasonably probable and an amount can be reasonably estimated. The Company does not expect the outcome of any pending litigation to have a material effect on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, or Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 The Company is a party to a litigation matter brought by TeamSava d.o.o. Beograd, or TeamSava, and other related parties. The plaintiffs filed a Statement of Claim in May 2021 in Tel Aviv District Court in Israel, alleging claims, among other things, that we breached the terms of a commercial contract relating to services provided by TeamSava and related parties in connection with the sourcing and administrative management of personnel in Serbia who provided game development services exclusively for us. The litigation sought damages of million New Israeli Shekels (NIS) (or approximately million based on prevailing exchange rates as of March 31, 2024). On November 30, 2023, we entered into a settlement agreement to resolve and settle all claims brought by the plaintiffs against the Company, its Israeli subsidiary and its employees and former employees, and all claims brought by the Company's affiliates against the plaintiffs. The settlement is contingent upon the confirmation by the respective courts in Israel and Serbia that all related lawsuits have been dismissed. As of September 30, 2024, only lawsuit in Serbia remained to be dismissed with prejudice. The Company expects to finalize the settlement before December 31, 2024, but cannot make any assurances that it will be completed by that date or that none of the parties withdraw from the settlement. 
 22 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 on August 12, 2021, and on February 25, 2022, following (i) the Company s release of financial results for the second quarter of 2021, ended on June 30, 2021, and (ii) the filing of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 and issuance of a press release summarizing financial results for the fourth quarter and year ended December 31, 2021, respectively. The Felipe Complaint seeks an award of damages for an unspecified amount. The Company believes that the claims are without merit and the Company intends to vigorously defend against them; however, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in the defense of this litigation. The Company is not able to reasonably estimate the probability or amount of loss and therefore has not made any accruals. 
 On March 8, 2023, Angel Deann Pilati, a purported adult resident citizen of Franklin County, Alabama, filed a civil lawsuit against PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC in the Circuit Court of Franklin County Alabama, alleging that PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC makes available online games and applications across multiple platforms that are games of chance and thus illegal gambling under Alabama law and seeking to recover, under Alabama s loss recovery act, all sums paid by Alabama residents to PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC in its online gambling games during the period beginning one year before the filing of the complaint until the case is resolved. On August 23, 2023, the plaintiff amended the complaint to exclude recovery for Alabama residents who lost or more during the statute of limitations period. The plaintiff claims to seek this recovery "to go to the benefit of the families" of players who paid money to play the games. The Company believes the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against them; however, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in the defense of this litigation. The Company is not able to reasonably estimate the probability or amount of loss relating to this litigation and therefore has not made any accruals. 
 On November 13, 2023, Sandra Tucker Duckworth, a purported citizen of Tennessee, filed a civil lawsuit against PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC in the Circuit Court for the 14th Judicial District of Tennessee alleging that PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC makes available online games of chance that constitute illegal gambling under Tennessee law and seeking to recover, under Tennessee's loss recovery act, all sums paid by Tennessee residents to PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC in its online gambling games during the period beginning one year before the filing of the lawsuit until the case is resolved, excluding recovery of money lost by a Tennessee resident who lost or more during the statute of limitations period. The plaintiff claims to seek this recovery for the benefit of each individual player's spouse, or if not spouse, child or children, and if not child or children, the next of kin. The Company believes the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against them; however, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in the defense of this litigation. The Company is not able to reasonably estimate the probability or amount of loss relating to this litigation and therefore has not made any accruals. 
 On February 20, 2024, Tyler Kuhk, a purported citizen of Washington, filed a class action lawsuit against PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC in the Superior Court of the State of Washington for the County of King, alleging that PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC makes available online games of chance that constitute illegal gambling under Washington law, that PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC engaged in unfair and deceptive practices by advertising to and soliciting the general public in Washington state to play its unlawful online casino games of chance, and that PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC was unjustly enriched by this conduct. The plaintiff seeks to recover all sums paid by Washington residents to PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC in its online gambling games during an unspecified period of time under Washington s Recovery of money lost gambling statute, for treble damages under Washington s Consumer Protection Act, and for disgorgement and restitution of any money PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC has retained through unlawful and/or wrongful conduct alleged in the lawsuit. The Company believes the claims are without merit and intends to vigorously defend against them; however, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in the defense of this litigation. The Company is not able to reasonably estimate the probability or amount of loss relating to this litigation and therefore has not made any accruals. 
 On August 22, 2024, James Scott Tipmore, a purported citizen of Kentucky, filed a civil lawsuit against PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC in the United States District Court for the Western District of Kentucky, alleging that PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC makes available online games of chance that constitute illegal gambling under Kentucky law and 
 23 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 demands for arbitration during 2023 claiming that the games operated by PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC constitute illegal gambling under the laws of various states. As of September 30, 2024, of the demands for arbitration remained active. These demands generally attempt to recover amounts spent by third parties on the Company s games by relying on state gambling loss recovery statutes and/or by seeking to have the applicable Terms of Service declared invalid. The Company believes that the claims are without merit and the Company intends to vigorously defend against them; however, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in the arbitration proceedings. The Company is not able to reasonably estimate the probability or amount of loss and therefore has not made any accruals. 
 On May 24, 2024, the Company received multiple substantively identical pre-arbitration notices from a single law firm purporting to represent players, alleging the games operated by the Company violate state gambling statutes, along with various other claims. The Company believes that the claims are without merit and the Company intends to vigorously defend against them; however, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in the defense of these demands. The Company is not able to reasonably estimate the probability or amount of loss and therefore has not made any accruals. 
 On September 27, 2024, the Company received multiple substantively identical pre-arbitration notices from a single law firm purporting to represent players, alleging the games operated by the Company violate state gambling statutes, along with various other claims. The Company believes that the claims are without merit and the Company intends to vigorously defend against them; however, there can be no assurance that the Company will be successful in the defense of these demands. The Company is not able to reasonably estimate the probability or amount of loss and therefore has not made any accruals. 
 Other 
 On October 29, 2024, the Company initiated an internal reorganization plan (the Plan which is intended to enhance efficiency and reduce operating expenses. The Plan includes a reduction of the Company s current total global workforce by approximately percent. The Company expects to substantially complete the personnel reduction by the end of the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, but the timing of certain reductions will vary based on job function and location, including local legal requirements. 
 The Company estimates that it will incur approximately million to million in charges in connection with the Plan, which will be substantially incurred in the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024. These charges primarily relate to employee transition, severance payments, employee benefits, stock-based compensation, and impairment of capitalized software and fixed assets. The estimates of the charges and expenditures that the Company expects to incur in connection with the Plan, and the timing thereof, are subject to a number of assumptions, including local law requirements in various jurisdictions, and actual amounts may differ materially from estimates. In addition, the Company may incur other charges or cash expenditures not currently contemplated due to unanticipated events that may occur in connection with the implementation of the Plan. 
 
 vote for each share of Class A common stock held and each holder of Class B common stock is entitled to votes for each share of Class B common stock held. After the full preferential amounts due to preferred stockholders have been paid or set aside, the remaining assets of the Company available for distribution to its stockholders, if any, are distributed to the holders of common stock ratably in proportion to the number of shares of common stock then held by each such holder. None of the Company s common stock is entitled to preemptive rights or subject to redemption. With the exception of the conversion of the Class B common stock into Class A common stock as described below, the Company s common stock is not convertible into any other shares of the Company s capital stock. 
 The shares of Class B common stock are subject to a sunset provision if any member of the Founder Group transfers shares of Class B common stock outside the Founder Group (except for certain permitted transfers). In the event of such non-permitted transfers, any share transferred will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock. In addition, the 
 24 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 of the number of shares of Class B common stock collectively held by the Founder Group as of the closing of the Acies Merger, or (iii) on the anniversary of the Founder s death or disability, unless such date is extended by a majority of independent directors of the Company. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss 
 ) Net losses recognized in other comprehensive income before reclassifications ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 Foreign Currency Derivative Contracts 
 Currency Translation Adjustment Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) Net gains recognized in other comprehensive income before reclassifications 
 Foreign currency translation ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 Treasury Stock 
 Class A common stock repurchased through the Stock Repurchase Program 
 Class A common stock repurchased outside of the Stock Repurchase Program 
 Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On November 10, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the Company to purchase up to million of the Company s Class A common stock over a period of months. On November 2, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors extended such period for an additional months from November 10, 2022 to November 10, 2023. On November 1, 2023, the Company's Board of Directors extended the stock repurchase program through November 10, 2024 and increased the remaining amount authorized to million. On November 1, 2024, the Company's Board of Directors extended the repurchase program through November 1, 2025. Subject to applicable rules and regulations, the shares may be purchased from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. Such purchases will be at times and in amounts as the Company deems appropriate, based on factors such as market conditions, legal requirements and other business considerations. 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company acquired million additional shares of its Class A common stock under this program at an aggregate value of million and an average price of per share. Repurchased shares were held in treasury. The remaining availability under the stock repurchase program was million after the subsequent purchases. 
 25 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 General and administrative Research and development Stock-based compensation expense Capitalized stock-based compensation 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately million and million in unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to restricted stock units and performance stock units that are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average expected vesting period of years and years, respectively. The Company granted million and million restricted stock units during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company granted performance stock units during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and million performance stock units during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 ) Potential dilutive effect of derivative instruments ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders diluted ) ) Denominator Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic Potential dilutive effect of stock options 
 Potential dilutive effect of restricted stock units 
 Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - diluted Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders per share Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 
 26 

TABLE OF CONTENTS ) Potential dilutive effect of derivative instruments ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders diluted ) ) Denominator Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - basic Potential dilutive effect of stock options 
 Potential dilutive effect of restricted stock units 
 Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding - diluted Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders per share Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 
 For the periods presented above, the net loss per share amounts are the same for Class A and Class B common stock because the holders of each class are entitled to equal per share dividends or distributions in liquidation in accordance with the Certificate of Incorporation. The undistributed losses for each period are allocated based on the contractual participation rights of the Class A and Class B common stock as if the losses for the period had been distributed. As the liquidation and dividend rights are identical, the undistributed losses are allocated on a proportionate basis. 
 Restricted stock units Performance stock units 
 Public Warrants Private Warrants Earnout Shares 
 27 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information which our management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our condensed consolidated results of operations and financial condition. The discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. This discussion contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those described in the Risk Factors section of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Actual results may differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to we , us , our , and the Company are intended to mean the business and operations of PLAYSTUDIOS, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 Our actual results and the timing of certain events may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, particularly in the section titled Risk Factors set forth in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. All forward-looking statements in this report are based on information available to us as of the date hereof, and we assume no obligation to update any such forward-looking statements to reflect future events or circumstances, except as required by law. 
 Overview 
 We are a developer and publisher of free-to-play casual games for mobile and social platforms. Over our twelve-year history, we developed a portfolio of free-to-play social casino games that are considered to be among the most innovative and unique in the genre. In 2021 we added our Tetris -branded mobile game and in late 2022 we acquired Brainium, a developer and publisher of free-to-play casual games. Our games include the award-winning POP! Slots , myVEGAS Slots , my KONAMI Slots, MGM Slots Live, myVEGAS Blackjack, myVEGAS Bingo, Tetris , Tetris Block Puzzle, Solitaire, Spider Solitaire, Jumbline 2, Sudoku, and Mahjong. Our games are based on original content as well as third-party licensed brands and are downloadable and playable for free on multiple social and mobile-based platforms, including the Apple App Store, Google Play Store, Amazon Appstore, and Facebook. 
 Each of our legacy social casino games and our Tetris -branded mobile games are powered by our proprietary playAWARDS program and incorporates loyalty points that are earned by players as they engage with our games. The rewards are provided by our collection of rewards partners, with the majority of rewards partners providing their rewards at no cost to us, in exchange for product integration, marketing support, and participation in our loyalty program. The program is enabled by our playAWARDS platform which consists of a robust suite of tools that enable our rewards partners to manage their rewards in real time, measure the value of our players engagement, and gain insight into the effectiveness and value they derive from the program. Through our self-service platform, rewards partners can launch new rewards, make changes to existing rewards, and in real time see how players are engaging with their brands. The platform tools also provide rewards partners with the ability to measure the off-line value our players generate as consumers and patrons of their real-world establishments. 
 Our playAWARDS platform embodies all of the features, tools, and capabilities needed to deliver loyalty programs tailored for the games industry. Our consumer-facing brand for our loyalty program is myVIP. The myVIP program is an aspirational benefits framework, with in-game mechanics and rewards features, along with a player development and hosting program. The program dynamically ranks and assigns players to tiers based on their accumulation of tier points, which are a proxy for their overall engagement with our games. The tier points are separate from and are not interchangeable with the loyalty points earned in the playAWARDS program. Qualified players are provided access to enhanced benefits that increase with each tier. Higher tiers provide access to a myVIP player portal where players can view and purchase special chip bundles, redeem loyalty points for a curated set of rewards, and communicate directly with a dedicated personal host. The VIP player portal, concierge, and host programs enhance the in-game and real-world reward experience with both in-game and in-person, invitation-only special events. We believe that the myVIP program drives increased player engagement and retention, and therefore extends each game's life cycle and revenue potential. 
 We generate revenue from the sale of in-game virtual currency, which players can choose to purchase at any time to enhance their playing experience. Once purchased, our virtual currency cannot be withdrawn from the game, transferred from one game to another or from one player to another, or be redeemed for monetary value. Players who install our games receive free virtual currency upon the initial launch of the game, and they may also collect virtual currency free of charge at periodic intervals or through targeted marketing promotions. Players may exhaust the free virtual currency and may choose to purchase additional virtual currency. Additionally, players can send free gifts of virtual currency to their friends on Facebook. Our revenue from virtual currency has been generated world wide, but is largely concentrated in North America. 
 We also generate revenue from in-game advertising. Advertisements can be in the form of an impression, click-throughs, banner ads, or offers, where players are rewarded with virtual currency or loyalty points for watching a short video. While we 
 28 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 historically have derived most of our revenue from the sale of in-game virtual currency, we introduced in-game advertising as a limited pilot program and expanded it throughout 2021 and 2022. In addition, our Tetris -branded mobile game and our Brainium games generate most of their revenue through in-game advertising. 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 There are a number of factors that affect the performance of our business, and the comparability of our results from period to period, including: 
 Third-Party Platform Agreements Historically we derived substantially all of our revenue from in-game purchases of virtual currency that are processed by platform providers such as the Apple App Store, Google Store, Amazon Appstore, and on Facebook. The platform providers charge us a transaction fee to process payments from our players for their purchase of in-game virtual currency. These platform fees are generally set at 30 of the in-game purchase. Each platform provider has broad discretion to set its platform fees and to change and interpret its terms of service and other policies with respect to us and other developers in its sole discretion, and those changes may be unfavorable to us. 
 Player Acquisition Establishing and maintaining a loyal network of players and paying players is vital for our success. As such, we spend a significant amount on advertising and other forms of player acquisition, such as traditional marketing and advertising, email and push notifications, and cross promoting between our games in order to grow our player base. These expenditures are generally related to new content launches, game enhancements, and ongoing programs to drive new player acquisition and the reactivation of lapsed player engagement. Our player acquisition strategy is centered on a payback period methodology, and we strive to optimize spend between the acquisition of new players and the reactivation of inactive players. 
 Player Monetization Our revenue to date has been primarily driven through the sale of virtual currency. Paying players purchase virtual currency in our games because of the perceived value, which is dependent on the relative ease of obtaining equivalent virtual currency by simply playing our game. The perceived value of our virtual currency can be impacted by various actions that we take in our games including offering discounts for virtual currency or giving away virtual currency in promotions. Managing game economies is difficult and relies on our assumptions and judgment. If we fail to manage our virtual economies properly or fail to promptly and successfully respond to any such disruption, our reputation may suffer and our players may be less likely to play our games and to purchase virtual currency from us in the future, which would cause our business, financial condition, and results of operations to suffer. 
 Investment in Game Development In order to maintain interest from existing players and add new players and achieve our desired revenue growth, we must continually improve the content, offers, and features in our existing games and the release of new games. As a result, we invest a significant amount of our technological and creative resources to ensure that we support an appropriate cadence of innovative content that our players will find appealing. These expenditures generally occur in advance of the release of new content or the launch of a new game, and the resulting revenue may not exceed the development costs, or the game or feature may be abandoned in its entirety. 
 Investment in our playAWARDS and myVIP programs In order to drive player engagement and retention we invest a significant amount of resources to enhance the playAWARDS and myVIP programs. We continually evaluate these programs through an iterative feedback process with our players and rewards partners and update them so that both our players and rewards partners are able to optimize their personalized experience. As a result, we continuously incur expenses to enhance and update these programs. However, the results may not generate revenue and the enhancements may require additional significant modifications or be abandoned in their entirety. 
 Real-World Rewards We currently offer real-world rewards relating to, among other things, dining, live entertainment shows, and hotel rooms, and we plan to continue to expand and diversify our rewards loyalty program in order to maintain and enhance the perceived value offering to our players. Our players willingness to make in-game purchases is directly impacted by our ability to provide desirable rewards. The real-world rewards we offer to 
 29 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 our players are provided at no cost to us by our rewards partners, and there is no obligation for us to pay or otherwise compensate either our rewards partners or players for any player redemptions under our rewards partner agreements. 
 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 We manage our business by regularly reviewing several key operating metrics to track historical performance, identify trends in player activity, and set strategic goals for the future. Our key performance metrics are impacted by several factors that could cause them to fluctuate on a quarterly basis, such as platform providers policies, seasonality, player connectivity, and the addition of new content to games. We believe these measures are useful to investors for the same reasons. In addition, we also present certain non-GAAP performance measures. These performance measures are presented as supplemental disclosure and should not be considered superior to or as a substitute for the consolidated financial statements prepared under U.S. GAAP. The non-GAAP measures presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read together with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the respective related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The key performance indicators and non-GAAP measures presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may differ from similarly titled measures presented by other companies and are not a substitute for financial statements prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 Key Performance Indicators - playGAMES 
 Daily Active Users DAU 
 DAU is defined as the number of individuals who played a game on a particular day. For Tetris and our free-to-play social casino games, we track DAU by the player ID, which is assigned for each game installed by an individual. As such, an individual who plays two of these games on the same day is counted as two DAU while an individual who plays the same game on two different devices is counted as one DAU. For our Brainium suite of casual games, we track DAU by app instance ID, which is assigned to each installation of a game on a particular device. As such, an individual who plays two different Brainium games on the same day is counted as two DAU and an individual who plays the same Brainium game on two different devices is also counted as two DAU. The term "Average DAU" is defined as the average of the DAU, determined as described above, for each day during the period presented. We use DAU and Average DAU as measures of audience engagement to help us understand the size of the active player base engaged with our games on a daily basis. 
 Monthly Active Users MAU 
 MAU is defined as the number of individuals who played a game in a particular month. As with DAU, an individual who plays two different non-Brainium games in the same month is counted as two MAU while an individual who plays the same non-Brainium game on two different devices is counted as one MAU, and an individual who plays two different Brainium games on the same day is counted as two MAU while an individual who plays the same Brainium game on two different devices is also counted as two MAU. The term "Average MAU" is defined as the average of the MAU, determined as described above, for each calendar month during the period presented. We use MAU and Average MAU as measures of audience engagement to help us understand the size of the active player base engaged with our games on a monthly basis. 
 Daily Paying Users DPU 
 DPU is defined as the number of individuals who made a purchase in a game during a particular day. As with DAU and MAU, we track DPU based on account activity. As such, an individual who makes a purchase in two different games in a particular day is counted as two DPU while an individual who makes purchases in the same game on two different devices is counted as one DPU. The term "Average DPU" is defined as the average of the DPU, determined as described above, for each day during the period presented. We use DPU and Average DPU to help us understand the size of our active player base that makes in-game purchases. This focus directs our strategic goals in setting player acquisition and pricing strategy. 
 Daily Payer Conversion 
 Daily Payer Conversion is defined as DPU as a percentage of DAU on a particular day. Daily Payer Conversion is also sometimes referred to as "Percentage of Paying Users" or "PPU". The term "Average Daily Payer Conversion" is defined as the Average DPU divided by Average DAU for a given period. We use Daily Payer Conversion and Average Daily Payer Conversion to help us understand the monetization of our active players. 
 30 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Average Daily Revenue Per DAU ARPDAU 
 ARPDAU is defined for a given period as the average daily revenue per Average DAU and is calculated as game and advertising revenue for the period, divided by the number of days in the period, divided by the Average DAU during the period. We use ARPDAU as a measure of overall monetization of our active players. 
 Key Performance Indicators - playAWARDS 
 Available Rewards 
 Available Rewards is defined as the monthly average number of unique rewards available in our applications rewards stores. A reward appearing in more than one application s reward store is counted only once. A reward is counted only once irrespective of the inventory available through that reward. For example, one reward for a free night in a hotel room with ten rooms available for such free night is counted as one reward. Available Rewards only include real-world partner rewards and exclude PLAYSTUDIOS digital rewards. We use Available Rewards as a measure of the value and potential impact of the program for an interested player. It is assumed that the greater the variety and breadth of rewards offered, the more likely players will be to ascribe value to the program. 
 Purchases 
 Purchases is defined as the total number of rewards purchased for the period identified in which a player exchanges loyalty points for a reward. Purchases are net of refunds. Purchases only include purchases of real-world partner rewards and exclude any PLAYSTUDIOS digital rewards. Purchases are redeemed by the player directly with the rewards partner within the specified terms and conditions of the reward. The Company does not receive any compensation or revenue from Purchases. We use Purchases as a measure of audience interest and engagement with our playAWARDS platform. 
 Retail Value of Purchases 
 Retail Value of Purchases is defined as the cumulative retail value of all rewards listed as Purchases for the period identified. The retail value of each reward listed as Purchases is the retail value as determined by the partner upon creation of the reward. In the case where the retail value of a reward adjusts depending on time of redemption, the average retail value is used. Retail Value of Purchases only include the retail value of real-world partner rewards and exclude the cost of any PLAYSTUDIOS branded merchandise. We use Retail Value of Purchases to help us understand the real-world value of the rewards that are purchased by our players. 
 
 31 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 versus the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Net revenue 71,229 75,858 (4,629) (6.1) 221,647 233,774 (12,127) (5.2) Operating expenses 76,007 79,579 (3,572) (4.5) 232,091 241,548 (9,457) (3.9) Operating loss (4,778) (3,721) (1,057) 28.4 (10,444) (7,774) (2,670) 34.3 Net (loss) income 
 (3,097) 3,800 (6,897) (181.5) (6,275) 471 (6,746) (1432.3) Net (loss) income margin 
 (4.3) 5.0 (9.3)pp 
 (186.0) (2.8) 0.2 (3.0) (1500.0) pp = percentage points 
 Net Revenue by Segment 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Net revenue playGAMES 71,226 75,857 (4,631) (6.1) 221,642 229,602 (7,960) (3.5) playAWARDS 3 1 2 200.0 5 4,172 (4,167) (99.9) Net revenue 71,229 75,858 (4,629) (6.1) 221,647 233,774 (12,127) (5.2) 
 Revenue information by geography is summarized as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change United States 60,088 64,414 (4,326) (6.7) 186,946 200,566 (13,620) (6.8) All other countries 
 11,141 11,444 (303) (2.6) 34,701 33,208 1,493 4.5 Net revenue 71,229 75,858 (4,629) (6.1) 221,647 233,774 (12,127) (5.2) 
 32 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 playGAMES 
 The following table shows net revenues and key performance indicators for our playGAMES division (in thousands, except percentages and ARPDAU): Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Virtual currency 57,564 61,558 (3,994) (6.5) 174,288 187,565 (13,277) (7.1) Advertising 13,613 14,190 (577) (4.1) 47,061 41,608 5,453 13.1 Other revenue 49 109 (60) (55.0) 293 429 (136) (31.7) Net revenue 71,226 75,857 (4,631) (6.1) 221,642 229,602 (7,960) (3.5) Average DAU 2,961 3,520 (559) (15.9) 3,225 3,579 (354) (9.9) Average MAU 12,658 13,712 (1,054) (7.7) 13,669 13,557 112 0.8 Average DPU 23 26 (3) (11.5) 25 27 (2) (7.4) Average Daily Payer Conversion 0.8 0.8 pp 0.8 0.8 pp ARPDAU (in dollars) 0.26 0.23 0.03 13.0 0.25 0.24 0.01 4.2 pp = percentage points 
 Net revenue decreased 4.6 million, or (6.1) , to 71.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 75.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to a 4.0 million decrease in virtual currency revenue primarily driven by decreases in DPU. 
 Net revenue decreased 8.0 million, or (3.5) , to 221.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 229.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due to a 13.3 million decrease in virtual currency revenue primarily driven by decreases in DPU. The decrease was offset by growth in advertising revenue. 
 playAWARDS 
 The following table shows net revenues and key performance indicators for our playAWARDS division (in thousands, except for available rewards): Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Net revenue 3 1 2 200.0 5 4,172 (4,167) (99.9) Available Rewards (in units) 547 598 (51) (8.5) 543 578 (35) (6.1) Purchases (in units) 451 433 18 4.2 1,472 1,338 134 10.0 Retail Value of Purchases 24,980 24,165 815 3.4 96,977 78,145 18,832 24.1 
 Net revenue remained flat during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in prior year. The key performance indicators presented above are used by management to assess the playAWARDS segment's operating performance, however are not indicative revenue metrics. 
 Net revenue decreased by 4.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in prior year, due to the non-renewal of a licensing arrangement with a customer. The key performance indicators presented above are used by management to assess the playAWARDS segment's operating performance, however are not indicative revenue metrics. 
 33 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Operating Expenses 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated operating expenses for each applicable period (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, of Revenue 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Operating expenses: Cost of revenue 17,832 19,862 (2,030) (10.2) 25.0 26.2 Selling and marketing 15,116 18,786 (3,670) (19.5) 21.2 24.8 Research and development 16,654 17,367 (713) (4.1) 23.4 22.9 General and administrative 11,581 10,747 834 7.8 16.3 14.2 Depreciation and amortization 11,593 11,537 56 0.5 16.3 15.2 Restructuring expenses 3,231 1,280 1,951 152.4 4.5 1.7 Total operating expenses 76,007 79,579 (3,572) (4.5) 106.7 104.9 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, of Revenue 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Operating expenses: Cost of revenue 54,851 58,276 (3,425) (5.9) 24.7 24.9 Selling and marketing 50,756 55,283 (4,527) (8.2) 22.9 23.6 Research and development 51,418 53,503 (2,085) (3.9) 23.2 22.9 General and administrative 35,005 33,688 1,317 3.9 15.8 14.4 Depreciation and amortization 34,813 33,686 1,127 3.3 15.7 14.4 Restructuring expenses 5,248 7,112 (1,864) (26.2) 2.4 3.0 Total operating expenses 232,091 241,548 (9,457) (3.9) 104.7 103.3 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of revenue decreased by 2.0 million to 17.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 19.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily related to a decrease in virtual currency revenue. As a percentage of revenue, cost of revenue decreased from 26.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 25.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Cost of revenue decreased by 3.4 million to 54.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 58.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily related to a decrease in virtual currency revenue. As a percentage of revenue, cost of revenue decreased from 24.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 24.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Selling and Marketing 
 Selling and marketing expenses decreased by 3.7 million to 15.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 18.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to decreases in user acquisition expense of 5.3 million. This was offset by increases of other selling and marketing expenses of 1.6 million. As a percentage of revenue, selling and marketing expenses decreased from 24.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 21.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Selling and marketing expenses decreased by 4.5 million to 50.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 55.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to decreases in user acquisition expense of 7.0 million. This was offset by increases to marketing expenses of 1.2 million, IT software of 0.6 million, outside service costs of 0.5 million, and 0.2 million of other expenses. As a percentage of revenue, selling and marketing expenses decreased from 23.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to 22.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 34 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Research and Development 
 Research and development expenses decreased by 0.7 million to 16.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 17.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease of stock compensation of 0.5 million and a decrease of employee costs of 0.4 million. This was offset by an increase of 0.2 million of other research and development costs. 
 Research and development expenses decreased by 2.1 million to 51.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 53.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decreases of stock compensation of 1.3 million, employee costs of 0.8 million, and facilities expenses of 0.4 million. This was offset by an increase of other research and development costs of 0.4 million. 
 General and Administrative 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 0.8 million to 11.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 10.7 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily due to increases of stock compensation of 0.6 million and employee costs of 0.5 million. This was offset by a reduction of 0.3 million of other general and administrative costs. 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 1.3 million to 35.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 33.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily due to increases to employee costs of 1.1 million, IT expenses of 1.1 million, and stock compensation of 0.9 million. This was offset by decreases in insurance expense of 0.9 million and 0.9 million of other general and administrative costs. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses increased by 0.1 million to 11.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 11.5 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to increased amortization of intangible assets related to the acquisition of Pixode assets. 
 Depreciation and amortization expenses increased by 1.1 million to 34.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 33.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to the increased amortization of intangible assets related to the acquisition of Pixode assets, as well as increased amortization as a result of other license renewals. 
 Restructuring Expenses 
 Restructuring expenses increased by 2.0 million from the three months ended September 30, 2023 to the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was primarily due to an increase of 0.7 million for non-cash impairment charges, an increase of 0.7 million related to legal fees and other costs incurred in connection with litigation arising out of the Acies Merger transaction, and an increase of 0.6 million related to other restructuring costs. 
 Restructuring expenses decreased by 1.9 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The decrease was primarily due to decreases of 1.6 million related to management restructurings and severance, a decrease of 0.9 million related to fees for various merger and acquisition opportunities, a decrease of 0.3 million related to the Tender Offer, and a decrease of 0.2 million for non-cash impairment charges. This was offset by an increase of 1.1 million related to other restructuring costs. 
 35 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Other Income, Net 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated non-operating expense for each applicable period (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 276 4,216 (3,940) (93.5) Interest income, net 1,127 1,364 (237) (17.4) Other expense, net (256) (198) (58) 29.3 Total other income, net 1,147 5,382 (4,235) (78.7) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 929 1,381 (452) (32.7) Interest income, net 3,921 3,521 400 11.4 Other (expense) income, net (626) 906 (1,532) (169.1) Total other income, net 4,224 5,808 (1,584) (27.3) 
 The change in fair value of warrant liabilities is related to the warrants discussed in Note 12 Accrued and Other Liabilities to our condensed consolidated financial statements herein. Interest income, net is related to interest earned on cash and cash equivalents offset by fees and expenses associated with the Credit Agreement as discussed in Note 14 Long-Term Debt to our condensed consolidated financial statements herein. Other income primarily relates to gains or (losses) from equity investments and gains or (losses) from foreign currency transactions with our foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes resulted in a tax benefit of 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a tax benefit of 2.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our effective tax rate was 14.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to our statutory tax rate of 21 . Our effective tax rate was increased by the valuation allowance recorded against our US deferred tax assets, foreign branch income, and other nondeductible expenses including officer compensation. Our effective tax rate was decreased by nondeductible stock compensation, research and development credits that we can utilize on our federal and state tax returns, and tax expense related to uncertain tax benefits on research and development credits. 
 Provision for income taxes resulted in a tax expense of 0.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a tax benefit of 2.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Our effective tax rate was (0.9) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to our statutory tax rate of 21 . Our effective tax rate was increased by the valuation allowance recorded against our US deferred tax assets, the fair value adjustment to the warrant liability, and lower foreign tax rates in significant jurisdictions. Our effective tax rate was decreased by nondeductible stock compensation, foreign branch income, and other nondeductible expenses including officer compensation. 
 Comparison of our Segment Results of Operations 
 The following table presents adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization ("AEBITDA"). AEBITDA is our reportable segment GAAP measure, which we utilize as the primary profit measure for our reportable 
 36 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 segments. See Note 3 Segment Reporting in the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information. Consolidated AEBITDA is a non-GAAP measure, discussed within Non-GAAP Measures below. 
 Comparison of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 versus the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change AEBITDA playGAMES 23,233 21,640 1,593 7.4 playAWARDS (3,991) (4,180) 189 (4.5) Corporate and other (4,619) (3,935) (684) 17.4 Consolidated AEBITDA 
 14,623 13,525 1,098 8.1 Segment AEBITDA Margin: 
 playGAMES 
 32.6 28.5 4.1 14.4 playAWARDS 
 nm nm nm nm nm - not meaningful 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change AEBITDA playGAMES 68,604 65,842 2,762 4.2 playAWARDS (11,089) (6,517) (4,572) 70.2 Corporate and other (13,440) (11,761) (1,679) 14.3 Consolidated AEBITDA 
 44,075 47,564 (3,489) (7.3) Segment AEBITDA Margin: 
 playGAMES 
 31.0 28.7 2.3 8.0 playAWARDS 
 nm (156.2) nm nm nm - not meaningful 
 playGAMES 
 playGAMES AEBITDA was 23.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 21.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 1.6 million. playGAMES AEBITDA margin was 32.6 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 28.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The current period benefited from an increase in direct-to-consumer sales which incurs lower processing fees, driving a reduction in cost of sales, as well as a reduction of user acquisition costs. 
 playGAMES AEBITDA was 68.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 65.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 2.8 million. playGAMES AEBITDA margin was 31.0 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 28.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The current period benefited from an increase in advertising revenue, which does not incur platform fees, and an increase in direct-to-consumer sales which incurs lower processing fees, driving a reduction in cost of sales, and a reduction of user acquisition costs. 
 playAWARDS 
 playAWARDS AEBITDA was (4.0) million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to (4.2) million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in AEBITDA can be attributed to a decrease in employee costs associated with the myVIP program and the further advancement of the playAWARDS platform. 
 37 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 playAWARDS AEBITDA was (11.1) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to (6.5) million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in AEBITDA can be attributed to lower net revenue and an increase in employee costs associated with the myVIP program and the further advancement of the playAWARDS platform. 
 38 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Non-GAAP Measures 
 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA and Consolidated AEBITDA Margin 
 Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA, or Consolidated AEBITDA, as used herein, is a non-GAAP financial performance measure that is presented as a supplemental disclosure and is reconciled to net (loss) income and net (loss) income margin as the most directly comparable GAAP measures. We define Consolidated AEBITDA as net income before interest, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, restructuring and related costs (consisting primarily of severance and other restructuring related costs), stock-based compensation expense, changes in fair value of warrant liabilities, and other income and expense items (including special infrequent items, foreign currency gains and losses, and other non-cash items). We also use Consolidated AEBITDA Margin, another non-GAAP measure, which we calculate as the percentage of Consolidated AEBITDA to revenue. 
 We use Consolidated AEBITDA and Consolidated AEBITDA Margin to monitor and evaluate the performance of our business operations, facilitate internal comparisons of our operating performance, and to analyze and evaluate decisions regarding future budgets and initiatives. We believe that both measures are useful because they provide investors with information regarding our operating performance that is used by our management in its reporting and planning processes. Consolidated AEBITDA and Consolidated AEBITDA Margin as calculated herein may not be comparable to similarly titled measures and disclosures reported by other companies. 
 The following table sets forth the reconciliation of Consolidated AEBITDA and Consolidated AEBITDA Margin to net (loss) income and net (loss) income margin, the most directly comparable GAAP measure (in thousands, except percentages). 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 
 71,229 75,858 221,647 233,774 Net (loss) income (3,097) 3,800 (6,275) 471 Net (loss) income margin (4.3) 5.0 (2.8) 0.2 Adjustments: 
 Depreciation amortization 11,593 11,537 34,813 33,686 Income tax (expense) benefit 
 (534) (2,139) 55 (2,437) Stock-based compensation expense 4,584 4,344 14,308 14,391 Change in fair value of warrant liability (276) (4,216) (929) (1,381) Change in fair value of contingent consideration 
 (950) Restructuring and related (1) 
 3,231 1,280 5,248 7,112 Other, net (2) 
 (878) (1,081) (3,145) (3,328) Consolidated AEBITDA 
 14,623 13,525 44,075 47,564 Consolidated AEBITDA Margin 
 20.5 17.8 19.9 20.3 
 
 (1) Amounts reported during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 relate to non-cash impairment charges related to certain investments and fees related to evaluating various merger, acquisition and restructuring opportunities. Amounts reported during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 relate to internal reorganization costs, including severance-related costs, fees related to evaluating various merger and acquisition opportunities, and legal fees and other costs incurred in connection with litigation arising out of the Acies Merger transaction. 
 (2) Amounts reported in Other, net include interest expense, interest income, gains/losses from equity investments, foreign currency gains/losses, and non-cash gains/losses on the disposal of assets. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 105.2 million, which consisted of cash on hand and money market mutual funds. As of September 30, 2024 we had restricted cash of 0.6 million. Historically, we have funded our operations, including capital expenditures, primarily through cash flow from operating activities. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents, the cash generated from operations, and the borrowing capacity under our Credit 
 39 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Agreement as described below will be sufficient to fund our operations and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve (12) months. However, we intend to continue to make significant investments to support our business growth and may require additional funds to respond to business challenges, including the need to develop new games and features or enhance our existing games, improve our operating infrastructure, or acquire complementary businesses, personnel and technologies. Accordingly, we may need to engage in equity or debt financing to secure additional funds or we may decide to do so opportunistically. 
 Debt 
 For a description of the Credit Agreement, see Note 14 Long-Term Debt in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Liquidity and Capital Resources in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we do not have any outstanding amounts under the Credit Agreement. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following tables present a summary of our cash flows for the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 34,124 36,396 Net cash used in investing activities (22,102) (21,855) Net cash used in financing activities (38,623) (17,767) Effect of exchange rate on cash and cash equivalents (518) (967) Decrease in cash and cash equivalents (27,119) (4,193) 
 Operating Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, operating activities provided 34.1 million of net cash as compared to 36.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in cash provided from operating activities was primarily due to a decrease in net revenue. 
 Investing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, investing activities used 22.1 million of net cash as compared to 21.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in cash used in investing activities was due to the cash payment of 3.4 million for the Pixode Acquisition, offset by lower purchases of property and equipment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Financing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, financing activities used 38.6 million of net cash as compared to 17.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The change in cash used in financing activities was due to an additional 13.7 million of share repurchases, 4.8 million in increased minimum guarantee payments made, and 2.7 million of less proceeds received from stock option exercises. This was offset by 0.4 million less of payments for tax withholding of stock-based compensation. 
 Contractual Obligations, Commitments, and Contingencies 
 As of September 30, 2024, there had been no material changes to our aggregated indebtedness and other contractual obligations previously reported in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, except for the operating lease liability maturities described in Note 13 Leases . 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our management's discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the condensed consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported revenue generated and expenses incurred during the reporting periods. Our 
 40 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 estimates are based on our historical experience and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about items that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 Except as described in Note 2 Summary Of Significant Accounting Policies , there have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 12, 2024. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices, such as interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates. We are exposed to market risks in the ordinary course of our business. These risks primarily include interest rate risk, investment risk, and foreign currency risk as follows: 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Our exposures to market risk for changes in interest rates relate primarily to our Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement and our Revolver are floating rate facilities. Therefore, fluctuations in interest rates will impact the amount of interest expense we incur and have to pay. We did not have any borrowings outstanding under our Credit Agreement at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 We do not purchase or hold any derivative financial instruments for trading purposes. 
 Investment Risk 
 We had cash and cash equivalents totaling 105.2 million and 132.9 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Our investment policy and strategy primarily attempt to preserve capital and meet liquidity requirements without significantly increasing risk. Our cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of cash on hand and money market mutual funds. We have not entered into investments for trading or speculative purposes. Changes in rates would primarily impact interest income due to the relatively short-term nature of our investments. A hypothetical 100 basis point change in interest rates would have increased or decreased our interest income for a twelve-month period by an immaterial amount. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 Our functional currency is the U.S. Dollar and our revenues and expenses are primarily denominated in U.S. Dollars. Our indirect foreign currency transaction exposure results mainly from the sale of our virtual currency to players outside of the U.S. While players outside of the U.S. make purchases in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, we are paid by platform providers and record revenue in U.S. Dollars pursuant to the terms of the relevant contracts. While we have the ability to change the foreign currency pricing of our virtual currency, sudden and significant changes in the exchange rates of the Canadian and Australian Dollars and Pound Sterling to the U.S. Dollar could have a material impact on our results of operations. 
 However, a significant portion of our headcount related expenses, consisting principally of salaries and related personnel expenses, as well as leases and certain other operating expenses, are denominated in New Israeli Shekels, or NIS. We also have foreign currency risks related to our operating expenses denominated in currencies other than the U.S. Dollar, including the Hong Kong Dollar, Euro, Mexican Peso, Chilean Peso, Serbian Dinar, Singapore Dollar and Vietnamese Dong. Accordingly, changes in exchange rates in the future may negatively affect our future operating results as expressed in U.S. Dollars. 
 We have experienced and will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income as a result of transaction gains or losses related to remeasurement of our asset and liability balances that are denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of the entities in which they are recorded. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we held derivative contracts to purchase certain foreign currencies, including the NIS, at future dates. The notional value of amounts hedged was approximately 10.0 million, and all contracts are expected to mature during the upcoming 12 months. 
 41 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on such evaluation, the Company's CEO and CFO have concluded that, as of the period covered by this report, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures were effective, at the reasonable assurance level, in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act and were effective in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the Company's CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 42 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are a party to litigation and subject to claims incident to the ordinary course of business. Although the results of litigation and claims cannot be predicted with certainty, we currently believe that the final outcome of these matters will not have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. For information regarding legal proceedings and other claims in which we are involved, see Note 17 Commitments and Contingencies . 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 A description of certain factors that may affect our future results and risk factors is set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes to those factors previously disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 43 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The following table provides information about share repurchases made by us of our Class A common stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased 1 
 Average Price Paid per Share 2 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of a Publicly Announced Program Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Program 3 
 (In thousands) 
 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 156 2.14 46,000 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 396,112 1.58 46,000 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 342,835 1.56 341,210 45,468 
 
 1. These amounts include shares surrendered to satisfy tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of equity awards under our 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended, the Plan ). Under the Plan and applicable award agreements, the Company has the discretionary right to collect payment of mandatory tax withholding obligations by deducting from the shares otherwise deliverable to a participant upon vesting and settlement of an award under the Plan a number of shares having a fair market value equal or less than such participant s tax withholding obligations. All shares so deducted from shares that otherwise would be deliverable to participants under the Plan are considered repurchased pursuant to the terms of the Plan and applicable award agreements and not pursuant to any publicly announced share repurchase program. June amounts include only shares repurchased from Microsoft Corporation. See Note 5 Related-Party Transactions of the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information relating to the share repurchase. 
 2. Average price paid per share includes shares surrendered to satisfy tax withholding obligations, and excludes costs associated with the repurchases. Average price paid per share purchased as part of the publicly announced program was 1.56 from September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024. 
 3. The repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, pursuant to a stock repurchase program. On November 10, 2021, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase, within a 12 month period, up to 50.0 million of the Company s Class A common stock at such times and in such amounts as the Company s Board of Directors deems appropriate, based on factors such as market conditions, legal requirements, and other business considerations. The Company publicly announced the approval of such stock repurchase program on November 12, 2021. On November 2, 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved an extension of the time period for repurchases under the stock repurchase program for an additional 12 months from November 10, 2022 to November 10, 2023. On November 1, 2023, the Company's Board of Directors extended the stock repurchase program through November 10, 2024 and increased the remaining amount authorized to 50.0 million. The Company publicly announced such extension and increase on November 2, 2023. See Note 18 Stockholders Equity of the notes to condensed consolidated financial statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information relating to share repurchases. 
 44 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 None 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of PLAYSTUDIOS, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 25, 2021). 
 3.2 Bylaws of PLAYSTUDIOS, Inc., effective as of June 21, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 25, 2021). 
 3.3 Certificate of Amendment of Certificate of Incorporation of PLAYSTUDIOS, Inc. dated June 5, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 5, 2024). 
 10.2 Amendment No. 5 to Credit Agreement among PLAYSTUDIOS, Inc., PLAYSTUDIOS US, LLC, the Lenders party thereto, and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as Administrative Agent, dated July 1, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Current Report on Form 8-K filed July 8, 2024). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) and Rule 15d 14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer of Periodic Report Pursuant to Rule 13a 14(a) and Rule 15d 14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 Filed herewith The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document. 
 45 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 PLAYSTUDIOS, Inc. Date: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ Andrew Pascal Name: Andrew Pascal Title: Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ Scott Peterson Name: Scott Peterson Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 46 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 myps-q32024xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Andrew Pascal, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PLAYSTUDIOS, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 s Andrew Pascal Andrew Pascal Director, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 myps-q32024xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) 
 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Scott Peterson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PLAYSTUDIOS, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 s Scott Peterson Scott Peterson Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 myps-q32024xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 Certification of CEO and CFO Pursuant to 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of PLAYSTUDIOS, Inc. (the Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Andrew Pascal, as Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Scott Peterson, as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of their knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Andrew Pascal Name Andrew Pascal Title Director, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date November 5, 2024 
 s Scott Peterson Name Scott Peterson Title Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Date November 5, 2024 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to PLAYSTUDIOS, Inc. and will be retained by PLAYSTUDIOS, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 myps-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 myps-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 myps-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 myps-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 myps-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

