<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241206_10-Q_edgar_data_713425_0001628280-24-050155.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6606293</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>106493</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1177476</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2456449</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1465920</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1268302</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-050155.hdr.sgml : 20241206
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241206110300
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-050155
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20241031
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241206
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241206

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LOGILITY SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS, INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000713425
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				581098795
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			GA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0430

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-12456
		FILM NUMBER:		241531048

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		470 E PACES FERRY RD NE
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30305
		BUSINESS PHONE:		4042614381

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		470 EAST PACES FERRY ROAD NE
		CITY:			ATLANTA
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30305

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	AMERICAN SOFTWARE INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-050155.txt : 20241206

10-Q
 1
 amswa-20241031.htm
 10-Q

amswa-20241031 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _________________ 
 FORM 
 _________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _________ to _________ 
 Commission File Number: 
 _________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification Number) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 

_________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, emerging growth company and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the exchange act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Classes Outstanding at December 3, 2024 Common Stock, .10 par value Shares 

Table of Contents 

 LOGILITY SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS , INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Form 10-Q 
 Quarter ended October 31, 2024 
 Index 
 Page No Part I Financial Information 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Six Months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity for the Three and Six Months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Unaudited 
 7 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 23 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 36 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 37 
 Part II Other Information 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 38 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 38 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 38 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 38 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 38 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 38 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 38 
 Signatures 
 40 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Logility Supply Chain Solutions, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share data) As of As of October 31, 2024 April 30, 2024 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Investments Trade accounts receivable, less allowance for doubtful accounts of at October 31, 2024 and at April 30, 2024: 
 Billed Unbilled Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of at October 31, 2024 and at April 30, 2024 
 Goodwill Other intangibles, net of accumulated amortization of at October 31, 2024 and at April 30, 2024 
 Deferred tax assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and related costs Dividends payable Other current liabilities Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity: Common stock: Common stock, par value. Authorized shares: shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2024 and shares issued and outstanding at April 30, 2024 
 Class B, par value. Authorized shares: shares issued and outstanding at October 31, 2024 and authorized shares: shares issued and outstanding at April 30, 2024; convertible into Common stock on a -for-1 basis 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained deficit ) ) Treasury stock, shares at October 31, 2024 and shares at April 30, 2024, at cost 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Commitments and contingencies 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements unaudited. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Logility Supply Chain Solutions, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Subscription fees License Professional services and other Maintenance Total revenues Cost of revenues: Subscription fees License Professional services and other Maintenance Total cost of revenues Gross margin Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Amortization of acquisition-related intangibles Total operating expenses Operating income Other income (loss): Interest income Other, net ) ) Earnings before income taxes Income tax expense Net earnings from continuing operations Discontinued operations (Note F) Earnings from operations of discontinued operations Gain on disposal of discontinued operations Income tax expense of discontinued operations Earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes Net earnings Net (loss) earnings attributable to common shareholders ) Earnings per common share from continuing operations (a): Basic Diluted Earnings per common share from discontinued operations (a): Basic Diluted (Loss) earnings per common share attributable to common shareholders (a): Basic ) Diluted ) Cash dividends declared per common share Shares used in the calculation of earnings per common share: Basic Diluted 
 ______________ 
 (a) and for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, and and for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. See Note D to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements unaudited. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

Logility Supply Chain Solutions, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional paid-in capital Retained deficit Treasury stock Total shareholders equity For the Three Months Ended October 31, 2023 
 Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at July 31, 2023 ) ) Stock-based compensation Purchases of common stock ) ) Net earnings Dividends declared ) ) Balance at October 31, 2023 
 ) ) For the Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 
 Balance at July 31, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock for equity incentive awards ) Conversion of B shares to common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net earnings Dividends declared ) ) Balance at October 31, 2024 
 ) ) Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional paid-in capital Retained deficit Treasury stock Total shareholders equity For the Six Months Ended October 31, 2023 
 Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at April 30, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock for equity incentive awards Stock-based compensation Purchases of common stock ) ) Net earnings Dividends declared ) ) Balance at October 31, 2023 ) ) For the Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 Balance at April 30, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock for equity incentive awards ) Conversion of B shares to common stock ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Net earnings Dividends declared ) ) Balance at October 31, 2024 
 ) ) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Logility Supply Chain Solutions, Inc. and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Adjustments to reconcile net earnings to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expense Net (gain) loss on investments ) Deferred income taxes ) Gain on sale of discontinued operations ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Purchases of trading securities ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of trading securities Accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable and other liabilities ) ) Deferred revenue ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities of continuing operations ) Net cash provided by operating activities of discontinued operations Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment, net of disposals ) ) Purchase of business, net of cash acquired ) Net cash used in investing activities of continuing operations ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities of discontinued operations Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from exercise of stock options Purchases of common stock ) Dividends paid ) ) Net cash used in financing activities of continuing operations ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Income taxes, net of refunds Supplemental disclosures of noncash operating, investing and financing activities: Accrual of dividends payable Conversion of B shares to common stock 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements unaudited. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

LOGILITY SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Unaudited 
 October 31, 2024 
 
 A. 
 
 equity interest in our information technology staffing firm, The Proven Method ("TPM") for approximately million in cash. For further information regarding the transaction, see Note F to the accompanying condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 Reclassification of Class B Common Stock 
 On August 20, 2024, the Company consummated the previously announced reclassification (the Reclassification of the Company s common stock to eliminate its Class B Common Stock. In connection with the Reclassification, the Company issued shares of Class A Common Stock to James C. Edenfield, the beneficial owner of all of the issued and outstanding shares of the Class B Shares (the Class B Shareholder ), pursuant to that certain Reclassification Agreement, dated April 10, 2024 (the Reclassification Agreement ), by and between the Company and the Class B Shareholder. Pursuant to the Reclassification Agreement, the Company amended and restated its Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Second Amended and Restated Articles ), which the Company filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Georgia on August 21, 2024 (the Effective Time to give effect to the Reclassification and the other amendments approved by the Registrant s shareholders at the Company s annual meeting of shareholders held on August 20, 2024. Following the Effective Time, each share of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time was reclassified, exchanged and converted into shares of the Company s Common Stock (formerly known, after giving effect to the Second Amended and Restated Articles, as Class A Common Stock and, referred to herein as "Common Stock" or "Class A Common Stock"). The shares issued to the Class B Shareholder were issued in reliance upon an exemption from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, which exempts transactions by an issuer not involving any public offering. 
 In accordance with ASC 260, Earnings Per Share , net (loss) earnings per share attributable to common stockholders was reduced by the excess of the fair value of the common shares issued over the carrying amount of the Class B shares 
 7 

Table of Contents 

B. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

. Revenue related to maintenance is generally paid in advance and recognized ratably over the term of the agreement since the Company is standing ready to provide a series of maintenance services that are substantially the same each period over the term; therefore, time is the best measure of progress. Support services for subscriptions are included in the subscription fees and are recognized as a component of such fees. 
 Indirect Channel Revenue. We record revenue from sales made through the indirect sales channels on a gross basis, because we control the goods or services and act as the principal in the transaction. In reaching this determination, we evaluated sales through our indirect channel on a case-by-case basis and considered a number of factors including indicators of control such as the party having the primary responsibility to provide specified goods or services and the party having discretion in establishing prices. 
 Sales Taxes. We account for sales taxes collected from clients on a net basis. 
 Contract Balances. Timing of invoicing to clients may differ from timing of revenue recognition and these timing differences result in unbilled accounts receivables or contract liabilities (deferred revenue) on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited). Fees for our software licenses are generally due within 30 days of contract execution. We have an established history of collecting under the terms of our software license contracts without providing refunds or concessions to our clients. SaaS solutions and maintenance are typically billed in advance on a monthly, quarterly, or annual basis. Services are typically billed as performed. In instances where the timing of revenue recognition differs from the timing of invoicing, we have determined that our contracts generally do not include significant financing component. The primary purpose of our invoicing terms is to provide clients with predictable ways to purchase our software and services, not to provide or receive financing. Additionally, we are applying the practical expedient to exclude any financing component from consideration for any contracts with payment terms of one year or less since we rarely offer terms extending beyond one year. The consideration in our client contracts is fixed. 
 We have an unconditional right to consideration for all goods and services transferred to our clients. That unconditional right to consideration is reflected in billed and unbilled accounts receivable in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) in accordance with Topic 606. 
 Deferred revenue consists of amounts collected prior to having completed the performance of maintenance, SaaS, hosting, and managed services. We typically invoice clients for cloud subscription and support fees in advance on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis, with payment due at the start of the cloud subscription or support term. During the six months ended October 31, 2024, we recognized million of revenue that was included in the deferred revenue balance as of April 30, 2024. 

Remaining Performance Obligations. A performance obligation is a promise in a contract to transfer a distinct good or service to the client and is the unit of account under Topic 606. The transaction price is allocated to each distinct performance obligation and recognized as revenue when, or as, the performance obligation is satisfied by transferring the promised good or service to the client. The Company identifies and tracks the performance obligations at contract inception so that the Company can monitor and account for the performance obligations over the life of the contract. Remaining performance obligations represent the transaction price of orders for which products have not been delivered or services have not been performed. As of October 31, 2024, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was approximately million. The Company expects to recognize revenue on approximately of the remaining performance obligations over the next months, with the remainder recognized thereafter. 
 Disaggregated Revenue. The Company disaggregates revenue from contracts with clients by geography, as it believes it best depicts how the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty of revenue and cash flows are affected by economic factors. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

International 
 Contract Costs. The Company capitalizes the incremental costs of obtaining a contract with a client if the Company expects to recover those costs. The incremental costs of obtaining a contract are those that the Company incurs to obtain a contract with a client that it would not have incurred if the contract had not been obtained (for example, a sales commission). The Company capitalizes the costs incurred to fulfill a contract only if those costs meet all of the following criteria: 
 The costs relate directly to a contract or to an anticipated contract that the Company can specifically identify. 
 The costs generate or enhance resources of the Company that will be used in satisfying (or in continuing to satisfy) performance obligations in the future. 
 The costs are expected to be recovered. 
 Certain sales commissions incurred by the Company were determined to be incremental costs to obtain the related contracts, which are deferred and amortized ratably over the economic benefit period. These deferred commission costs are classified as current or non-current based on the timing of when the Company expects to recognize the expense. The current and non-current portions of deferred commissions are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets, respectively, in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited). Total deferred commissions at October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024 were million and million, respectively. Amortization of sales commissions was million and million for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 and million and million for the three and six months ended 2023, respectively, which is included in "Sales and marketing" expense in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. impairment losses were recognized during the periods. 
 
 C. 
 per share of our Common Stock. The cash dividend became payable on November 29, 2024 to our shareholders of record at the close of business on November 15, 2024. 
 
 D. 
 per share. 
 
 Diluted (loss) earnings per share is calculated similarly to basic (loss) earnings per share, except that the calculation is adjusted to give effect to dilutive elements including stock options and restricted stock units ("RSUs") issuable under the Company's stock incentive plans. Diluted (loss) earnings per share excludes all dilutive potential shares of common stock if their effect is anti-dilutive. For the Company s diluted (loss) earnings per share calculation for common shares, the Company uses the if-converted method. This calculation assumes that all Class B common shares are converted into Class A common shares and, as a result, assumes there are no holders of Class B common shares to participate in undistributed earnings. 
 
 Prior to the Reclassification, the Company used the two-class method for the Company s diluted earnings per share calculation for Class B shares. This calculation does not assume that all Class B common shares are converted into Class A common shares. In addition, this method assumes the dilutive effect of Class A stock options and RSUs were converted to Class A shares and the undistributed earnings are allocated evenly to both Class A and B shares including Class A shares issued pursuant to those converted stock options. This allocation is based on management s judgment after considering the dividend 
 10 

Table of Contents 

million difference between the fair value of the common shares issued and the carrying value of the Class B shares surrendered was included as a reduction to the numerator in calculating the net (loss) earnings attributable to common stockholders. 

11 

Table of Contents 

Undistributed (loss) ) ) ) ) Total ) ) Distributed earnings Undistributed (loss) ) ) ) ) Total Consideration transferred in excess of Class B shares cost basis pursuant to the Reclassification Agreement ) ) ) ) Net (loss) earnings attributable to common stockholders ) ) Basic weighted average common shares Three Months Ended October 31, 2023 Six Months Ended October 31, 2023 Class A Common Shares Class B Common Shares Class A Common Shares Class B Common Shares Distributed earnings Undistributed losses ) ) ) ) Total from continuing operations Total from discontinued operations Total Distributed earnings Undistributed losses ) ) ) ) Total from continuing operations Total from discontinued operations Net earnings attributable to common stockholders Basic weighted average common shares outstanding ) Common Stock Equivalents ) ) Class B Common Share Conversion ) Diluted EPS for Class A Common Shares ) ) 
 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Common Stock Equivalents Class B Common Share Conversion Diluted EPS for Class A Common Shares 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2023 
 Undistributed Distributed Earnings to Class A Common Shares Class A Common Shares EPS Per Basic Common Stock Equivalents Class B Common Share Conversion Diluted EPS for Class A Common Shares 
 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2023 
 Undistributed Distributed Earnings to Class A Common Shares Class A Common Shares EPS Per Basic Common Stock Equivalents Class B Common Share Conversion Diluted EPS for Class A Common Shares 

13 

Table of Contents 
 ) Reallocation of undistributed earnings/losses from Class A Common Shares to Class B Common Shares Diluted EPS for Class B Common Shares ) ) 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 
 Undistributed Distributed Earnings to Class B Common Shares Class B Common Shares EPS Per Basic Reallocation of undistributed earnings/losses from Class A Common Shares to Class B Common Shares Diluted EPS for Class B Common Shares 
 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2023 
 Undistributed Distributed Earnings to Class B Common Shares Class B Common Shares EPS Per Basic Reallocation of undistributed earnings/losses from Class A Common Shares to Class B Common Shares Diluted EPS for Class B Common Shares 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2023 
 Undistributed Distributed Earnings to Class B Common Shares Class B Common Shares EPS Per Basic Reallocation of undistributed earnings/losses from Class A Common Shares to Class B Common Shares Diluted EPS for Class B Common Shares 
 14 

Table of Contents 

For the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 we excluded options to purcha se and Common Shares, and RSUs, respectively, and for the three and six months ended October 31, 2023 we excluded options to purcha s e and Common Shares, respectively. We excluded these options because the exercise prices of those options were greater than the average market price of the Common Shares during the applicable period. As of October 31, 2024, we had a total of options outstanding and as of October 31, 2023, we had a total of options outstanding. As of October 31, 2024, we had a total of RSUs outstanding and as of October 31, 2023, we had a total of RSUs outstanding. 
 
 E. 
 Effective September 5, 2023, the Company entered into a Stock Purchase Agreement Garvis Purchase Agreement with privately-held Garvis AI Limited, a private limited company organized and registered under the laws of England and Wales Garvis ). Pursuant to the Garvis Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired of the total issued and outstanding shares of capital stock of Garvis, a visionary SaaS startup that can combine a large language model-based AI interface (e.g. ChatGPT) with AI-native demand forecasting. 
 Garvis designed an AI-first forecasting solution, now called Demand AI+, from the ground up. When combined with Generative AI, DemandAI+ creates a modern, more inclusive, and intuitive planning paradigm that quickly digitizes supply chain relationships and exposes that data to any stakeholder across the organization. By simply asking questions planners, executives, and non-planners alike get answers to unanticipated queries in real-time, providing transparency for more informed decisions that saves precious planning time. Demand AI+, built for the cloud, will be embedded into the Logility Digital Supply Chain Platform. The combined solutions will enable a new supply chain planning paradigm with DemandAI+ that moves beyond conventional methods to plan demand and inventory at the speed of the market. 
 Under the terms of the Garvis Purchase Agreement, the Company acquired the capital stock for cash consideration paid, net of cash acquired, of approximately million, subject to certain post-closing adjustments. The Company incurred acquisition costs of during the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 and during the three and six months ended October 31, 2023, respectively. The operating results of Garvis are not material for proforma disclosure. The Company allocated million of the total purchase price to goodwill, which has been assigned to the Supply Chain Management segment and is not deductible for income tax purposes. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Accounts receivable, net Current assets Property and equipment, net Goodwill Non-compete years Current technology years Total assets acquired Current liabilities ) Long-term liabilities ) Total liabilities assumed ) Net assets acquired 
 Current technology and non-compete agreements are being amortized on a straight-line basis over the remaining estimated economic life of the assets, including the period being reported. 

F. 
 equity interest in its information technology staffing firm, TPM to Marathon TS, Inc., an IT professional services firm for approximately million in cash, of which is held in escrow. The amounts held in escrow are limited to claims arising out of or relating to any pre-closing taxes. Any escrow amounts that are not subject to then outstanding indemnification claims shall be released to the Company in equal increments on the 24 and 36 month anniversary of the transaction closing date and are included in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) as of October 31, 2024 and April 30, 2024. There have not been any submitted, or expected, indemnification claims against these escrowed funds. This transaction enables us to focus on our core supply chain planning business allowing Logility to continue to expand its AI-first supply chain management platform. 
 In accordance with applicable accounting guidance for the disposal of long-lived assets, the results of TPM are presented as discontinued operations and, as such, have been excluded from both continuing operations and segment results in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited), Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) and in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. TPM was previously reported in the former IT Consulting segment, which consisted entirely of TPM. 
 Cost of revenue Total operating expenses Gain on disposal of discontinued operations Earnings before income taxes Income tax expense Earnings from discontinued operations, net of taxes 
 16 

Table of Contents 

G. 

RSUs Total awards granted 
 
 The fair value of each option award is estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model and the fair value of each RSU award is estimated on the date of grant using the fair value method. The forfeiture rates are estimated using historical data. We recorded total compensation cost related to stock options of approximately million and million, and income tax expense of approximately and from option expirations during the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company recorded compensation cost related to RSUs of approximately million and million during the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We recorded total compensation cost related to stock options of approximately million and million, and income tax expense of approximately and from option expirations during the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company recorded compensation cost related to RSUs of approximately million and million during the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, respectively. We record stock-based compensation expense on a straight-line basis over the vesting period directly to additional paid-in capital. 
 During the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, we issued and shares of Class A common stock, respectively, resulting from the exercise of stock options. During the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, we issued and shares of Class A common stock, respectively, resulting from the vesting of RSUs. The total intrinsic value of options exercised during the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 based on market value at the exercise dates was approximately and , respectively. The total intrinsic value of RSUs released during the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 based on market value at the exercise dates was approximately million and , respectively. As of October 31, 2024, unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock option and RSU awards approximated million and million, respectively which we expect to recognize over a weighted average period of years. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

H. 
 U.S. Treasury securities Total 
 April 30, 2024 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Balance Cash equivalents U.S. Treasury securities Total 

I. 
 million shares of our Class A common stock. We made these repurchases through open market purchases at prevailing market prices. We have completed our repurchase of million shares of Class A common stock at a cost of approximately million, which had impact on fiscal 2025. As of October 31, 2024, under all repurchase plans previously authorized, including this most recent plan, we have repurchased a total of shares of common stock at a cost of approximately million. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

J. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

K. 
 segments, assess performance and allocate resources in a manner that is consistent with the changing market dynamics that we have experienced. The operating segments are: (1) Supply Chain Management SCM and (2) Other. 
 The SCM segment leverages a single platform spanning supply chain process areas, including product, demand, inventory, supply, deploy, integrated business planning and supply chain data management. The Other segment consists of (i) legacy enterprise resource planning software ("ERP"), which provides purchasing and materials management, client order processing, financial, e-commerce and traditional manufacturing solutions, and (ii) unallocated corporate overhead expenses. 
 During the first quarter of fiscal 2025, the Company changed the structure of its internal organization to accelerate the execution of its strategy, including strengthening the Company s ability to deliver strong financial performance, drive growth in its SCM service offerings, meet changing customer demands in supply chain networks, achieve cost savings and enable strategic innovation across the Company s SCM businesses. The result of this change was that the operating results related to the Company's former subsidiary New Generation Computing's legacy enterprise resource planning business was repositioned out of the SCM segment and into the Other segment. Certain prior year amounts have been recast to conform to fiscal 2025 presentation. Furthermore, this change had no effect on our previously reported consolidated financial position or results of operations. 
 All of our revenue is derived from external clients. We do not have any inter-segment revenue. Our income taxes and dividends are paid at a consolidated level. Consequently, it is not practical to show these items by operating segment. 
 Other Operating income (loss): Supply Chain Management Other ) ) ) ) Capital expenditures: Supply Chain Management Other Depreciation and amortization: Supply Chain Management Other Earnings (loss) before income taxes: Supply Chain Management Other ) ) ) ) 
 20 

Table of Contents 

L. 
 of Trade accounts receivable as of October 31, 2024. No single client accounted for more than 10 of Trade accounts receivable as of April 30, 2024. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

M. 
 
 N. 
 per share of our common stock. The cash dividend is payable on February 21, 2025 to shareholders of record at the close of business on February 7, 2025. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements relating to our future financial performance, business strategy, financing plans and other future events that involve uncertainties and risks. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as anticipate, intend, plan, continue, could, grow, may, potential, predict, strive will, seek, estimate, believe, expect, and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. Any forward-looking statements we make herein are pursuant to the safe harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning future: 
 results of operations; 
 liquidity, cash flow and capital expenditures; 
 demand for and pricing of our products and services; 
 viability and effectiveness of strategic alliances; 
 industry and market conditions; 
 acquisition activities and the effect of completed acquisitions; and 
 general economic conditions. 
 Although we believe that the goals, plans, expectations, and prospects that our forward-looking statements reflect are reasonable in view of the information currently available to us, those statements are not guarantees of performance. There are many factors that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those anticipated by forward-looking statements made herein. These factors include, but are not limited to, continuing U.S. and global economic uncertainty, the timing and degree of business recovery, the irregular pattern of our revenue, dependence on particular market segments or clients, competitive pressures, delays, product liability and warranty claims and other risks associated with new product development, undetected software errors, market acceptance of our products, technological complexity, undetected software errors; potential product liability or warranty claims; risks associated with new product development; the challenges and risks associated with integration of acquired product lines, companies and services, uncertainty about the viability and effectiveness of strategic alliances; as well as a number of other risk factors that could affect our future performance. All forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report are based upon information available to us as of the filing date of this Quarterly Report. We undertake no obligation to update any of these forward-looking statements for any reason. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance, or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by these statements. We discuss certain factors in greater detail in Business Overview below. 
 
 ECONOMIC OVERVIEW 
 In October 2024, the International Monetary Fund IMF provided an update to the World Economic Outlook for 2024. The update noted that, Global growth is expected to remain stable yet underwhelming. However, notable revisions have taken place beneath the surface since April 2024, with upgrades to the forecast for the United States offsetting downgrades to those for other advanced economies, in particular, the largest European countries. Likewise, in emerging market and developing economies, disruptions to production and shipping of commodities especially oil conflicts, civil unrest, and extreme weather events have led to downward revisions to the outlook for the Middle East and Central Asia and that for sub-Saharan Africa. These have been compensated for by upgrades to the forecast for emerging Asia, where surging demand for semiconductors and electronics, driven by significant investments in artificial intelligence, has bolstered growth, a trend supported by substantial public investment in China and India. Five years from now, global growth should reach 3.1 percent a mediocre performance compared with the prepandemic average. 
 As global disinflation continues, services price inflation remains elevated in many regions, pointing to the importance of understanding sectoral dynamics and of calibrating monetary policy accordingly, as discussed in Chapter 2. With cyclical imbalances in the global economy waning, near-term policy priorities should be carefully calibrated to ensure a smooth landing. At the same time, structural reforms are necessary to lift medium-term growth prospects, while support for the most vulnerable should be maintained. Chapter 3 discusses strategies to enhance the social acceptability of these reforms a crucial prerequisite for successful implementation." 
 For fiscal 2025, we believe that the important nature of our software, combined with a challenging global macro-economic environment from increased global disruptions on companies supply chains will require them to improve productivity and profitability by upgrading their technology systems, which may result in an improved selling environment. Although this improvement could slow or regress at any time, due in part to the effects of a possible recession and trade 
 23 

Table of Contents 

conflicts on global capital markets, we believe that our organizational and financial structure will enable us to take advantage of any sustained economic rebound. That said, the current business climate within the United States and geographic regions in which we operate may affect clients and prospects' decisions regarding timing of strategic capital expenditures by taking longer periods to evaluate discretionary software purchases. 
 Corporate capital spending trends and commitments are the primary determinants of the size of the market for business software. Corporate capital spending is, in turn, a function of general economic conditions in the United States and abroad and in particular may be affected by conditions in U.S. and global credit markets. In recent years, the weakness in the overall global economy and the U.S. economy has resulted in reduced expenditures in the business software market. 
 
 COMPANY OVERVIEW 
 Logility Supply Chain Solutions, Inc. (formerly known as American Software, Inc. until October 1, 2024 and referred to herein as "Logility Supply Chain Solutions" or the "Company"), was incorporated in Georgia in 1970. The Company is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia with another U.S. office in Miami; and international offices in Belgium, the United Kingdom, India, Germany, New Zealand and Australia. 
 We provide our software and services solutions through two major operating segments: (1) Supply Chain Management and (2) Other. The SCM software business is our core market. We continue to provide limited services to our legacy ERP clients included in the Other segment. 
 Logility Supply Chain Solutions through its wholly-owned subsidiary and operating entity Logility, Inc ("Logility"), delivers prescriptive demand, inventory, manufacturing, and supply planning tools helping to provide executives the confidence and control to increase margins and service levels, while delivering sustainable supply chains. Designed for speed and agility, Logility's SaaS cloud-based platform provides an innovative blend of artificial intelligence (AI), machine learning, and predictive analytics to help deliver integrated planning and operations across the end-to-end supply chain. Our prescriptive approach drives team alignment for enterprises with prioritized outcomes that assure demonstrable value. 
 Fueled by supply chain master data, allowing for the automation of critical business processes through the application of artificial intelligence and machine learning algorithms to a variety of internal and external data streams, the comprehensive Logility portfolio delivered in the cloud includes advanced analytics, supply chain visibility, demand, inventory and replenishment planning, Sales and Operations Planning, Integrated Business Planning, supply and inventory optimization, manufacturing planning and scheduling, network design and optimization, retail merchandise and assortment planning and allocation, product lifecycle management, sourcing management, vendor quality and compliance, and product traceability. 
 We believe enterprises are facing unprecedented rates of change and disruption across their operations with a significant transformation in supply chain planning due to advancements in technology, generational shifts of planners, and the significant speed of market changes and disruptions. With increasing consumer expectations for convenience and personalization, fast and free delivery and product freshness forcing enterprises to adapt or be left behind. Given constraints arising from a shortage of skilled supply chain talent and a desire to keep costs at a minimum, we expect enterprises to embrace digital transformation initiatives to meet these challenges. Our solution reduces the business cycle time required from product concept to client availability. Our platform allows our clients to create a digital model of their physical supply chain networks that improves the speed and agility of their operations by implementing automated planning processes. These processes regularly analyze business and market signals to better inform product design and development, increase forecast accuracy, optimize inventory across the supply chain, improve sourcing of sustainable and ethically produced products, and contribute to high client satisfaction. 
 Our platform is highly regarded by clients and industry analysts alike. Logility, is positioned by Gartner as a Leader in the 2024 Gartner Magic Quadrant for Supply Chain Planning Solutions . The evaluation was based on the Company s overall Completeness of Vision and Ability to Execute. Quadrant Knowledge Solutions also positioned Logility as a leader in their SPARK Matrix report for Global Supply Chain Inventory Optimization 2024 . We believe our platform is rated highly due to our flexible advanced analytics, underlying SaaS architecture, ease of integration with third-party systems, lower total cost of ownership relative to competitors and the broad scope of supply chain planning functions supported. 
 
 Logility is also a leader in multiple IDC MarketScape reports including; the September 2022 report IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Holistic Supply Chain Planning 2022 Vendor Assessment ; the September 2022 report IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Supply Chain Demand Planning 2022 Vendor Assessment ; the September 2022 report IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Supply Chain Sales and Operations Planning 2022 Vendor Assessment ; and the September 2022 report IDC MarketScape: Worldwide Supply Chain Inventory Optimization 2022 Vendor Assessment . Logility was also named as a Major Player in the September 2022 IDC MarketScape : Worldwide Holistic Supply Planning 2022 Vendor Assessment . 
 We serve approximately 550 clients located in approximately 80 countries, largely concentrated within key vertical markets including apparel and other soft goods, food and beverage, consumer packaged goods, consumer durable goods, 
 24 

Table of Contents 

wholesale distribution, specialty chemical and other process manufacturing. Our solutions are marketed and sold through a direct sales team as well as an indirect global value-added reseller VAR distribution network. Our solutions may be deployed in the cloud or with existing on-premise clients who may require additional components. We further support our clients with an array of consulting, implementation, operational and training services as well as technical support and hosting. 
 We derive revenue from four sources: subscriptions, licenses, professional and other services, and maintenance. We generally determine SaaS subscription and software license fees based on the breadth of functionality and number of users and/or divisions. Professional services and other revenues consist primarily of fees from software implementation, training, and consulting services. We bill for professional services primarily under time and materials arrangements and recognize revenue as we perform services. Subscription agreements typically are for a three-to five-year term, are noncancelable and are billed in advance on a monthly, quarterly or annual basis. Maintenance agreements are typically for a one-to three-year term and are billed in advance, generally on an annual basis. Subscription and maintenance revenue is generally recognized ratably over the term of the arrangement. Deferred revenues represent advance payments or fees for subscriptions, software licenses, services and maintenance billed in advance of the time we recognize the related revenue. 
 We currently view the following factors as the primary opportunities and risks associated with our business: 
 Acquisition Opportunities. There are opportunities for selective acquisitions or investments to expand our sales distribution channels and/or broaden our product offering by providing additional solutions for our target markets. 
 Dependence on Capital Spending Patterns. There is risk associated with our dependence on the capital spending patterns of U.S. and international businesses, which in turn are functions of economic trends and conditions over which we have no control. 
 Acquisition Risks. There are risks associated with acquisitions of complementary companies, products and technologies, including the risks that we will not achieve the financial and strategic goals that we contemplate at the time of the transaction. More specifically, in any acquisition, we will face risks and challenges associated with the uncertain value of the acquired business or assets, the difficulty of assimilating operations and personnel, integrating acquired technologies and products and maintaining the loyalty of the clients of the acquired business. 
 Competitive Technologies. There is a risk that our competitors may develop technologies that are substantially equivalent or superior to our technology. 
 Competition in General. There are risks inherent in the market for business application software and related services, which has been and continues to be intensely competitive; for example, some of our competitors may become more aggressive with their prices and/or payment terms, which may adversely affect our profit margins. 
 A discussion of a number of additional risk factors associated with our business is included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended April 30, 2024 (the "Annual Report"). Additional information and other factors that could affect future financial results may be included, from time to time, in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information with respect to recent accounting pronouncements, if any, and the impact of these pronouncements on our condensed consolidated financial statements, if any, see Note A in the Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. 
 
 COMPARISON OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Three-Month Comparisons. The following table sets forth certain revenue and expense items as a percentage of total revenue and the percentage changes in dollars for such items for the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Three Months Ended October 31, Percentage of Total Revenue Pct. Change in Dollars 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 
 Revenue: Subscription fees 57 52 9 License 1 1 (68) Professional services and other 14 16 (10) Maintenance 28 31 (13) Total revenue 100 100 (2) Cost of revenue: Subscription fees 19 18 2 License (98) Professional services and other 11 11 (5) Maintenance 5 7 (20) Total cost of revenue 35 36 (6) Gross margin 65 64 1 Research and development 17 17 2 Sales and marketing 20 21 (4) General and administrative 24 21 8 Total operating expenses 61 59 2 Operating income 4 5 (16) Other income (loss): Other, net 5 (2) nm Earnings before income taxes 9 3 240 Income tax expense 2 nm Net earnings from continuing operations 7 3 180 Earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 7 nm Net earnings 7 10 (26) 
 ____________ 
 Amounts in table adjusted for rounding 
 nm - not meaningful 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Six-Month Comparisons. The following table sets forth certain revenue and expense items as a percentage of total revenue and the percentage changes in dollars for such items for the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023: 
 Six Months Ended October 31, Percentage of Total Revenue Pct. Change in Dollars 2024 2023 2024 vs. 2023 
 Revenue: Subscription fees 57 53 8 License 1 (39) Professional services and other 15 15 (3) Maintenance 28 32 (12) Total revenue 100 100 Cost of revenue: Subscription fees 18 17 6 License (72) Professional services and other 11 11 (9) Maintenance 5 7 (22) Total cost of revenue 34 36 (5) Gross margin 66 64 2 Research and development 17 17 2 Sales and marketing 21 21 (3) General and administrative 23 21 5 Total operating expenses 61 59 2 Operating income 5 5 10 Other income: Other, net 4 3 77 Earnings before income taxes 9 8 32 Income tax expense 3 1 102 Net earnings from continuing operations 6 7 17 Earnings from discontinued operations, net of income taxes 4 nm Net earnings 6 10 (26) ____________ 
 Amounts in table adjusted for rounding 
 nm - not meaningful 
 
 COMPARISON OF RESULTS OF OPERATIONS FOR THE THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED OCTOBER 31, 2024 AND 2023 
 REVENUE 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 
 of Total Revenue 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 (in thousands) Subscription fees 14,522 13,358 9 57 52 License 73 229 (68) 1 1 Professional services and other 3,617 4,003 (10) 14 16 Maintenance 7,074 8,100 (13) 28 31 Total revenue 25,286 25,690 (2) 100 100 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Six Months Ended October 31, of Total Revenue 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 (in thousands) Subscription fees 29,313 27,121 8 57 53 License 314 518 (39) 1 Professional services and other 7,487 7,689 (3) 15 15 Maintenance 14,364 16,263 (12) 28 32 Total revenue 51,478 51,591 100 100 
 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024, revenue decreased by 2 when compared to the same period last year, which was attributable primarily to a 68 decrease in license fees, a 13 decrease in maintenance revenue, a 10 decrease in professional services and other revenue, partially offset by a 9 increase in subscription revenue. 
 For the six months ended October 31, 2024, revenue remained flat when compared to the same period last year, primarily due to an 8 increase in subscription revenue, offset by a 39 decrease in license fees, a 12 decrease in maintenance revenue and a 3 decrease in professional services and other revenue. 
 Due to intense competition in our industry, we sometimes discount SaaS and license fees from our published list price. Numerous factors contribute to the amount of the discount provided, such as previous client purchases, the number of client sites utilizing the software, the number of components purchased and the number of users, as well as the overall size of the contract. While all these factors may affect the discount amount of a particular contract, the overall percentage discount has not materially changed in the recent reported fiscal periods. 
 The change in our revenue from period to period is primarily due to the volume of products and related services sold in any period and the number of products or modules purchased with each sale. 
 International revenue is generally denominated in U.S dollars and approximately 22 of total revenue for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to 22 and 21 for the three and six months ended October 31, 2023, respectively. Our revenue, particularly our international revenue, may fluctuate substantially from period to period, primarily because we derive most of our license and subscription fee revenue from a relatively small number of clients in a given period. 
 Subscription Fees 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Supply Chain Management 14,488 13,316 9 Other 34 42 (19) Total subscription fees revenue 14,522 13,358 9 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Supply Chain Management 29,248 27,018 8 Other 65 103 (37) Total subscription fees revenue 29,313 27,121 8 
 For the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, subscription fees revenue increased 9 and 8 , respectively when compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to an increase in the number of contracts, including contracts with 
 28 

Table of Contents 

a higher cloud services annual contract value, as well as an increase in multi-year contracts. For the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, our SCM segment constituted nearly 100 of total subscription fee revenue. 
 The direct sales channel provided 100 of subscription revenues for both the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, due to expanding user licenses and products. 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 our gross margins after removing commission expense on direct sales were approximately 94 and 93 , respectively. For the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023 our gross margins after removing commission expense on direct sales were approximately 94 and 91 , respectively. Gross margins are directly related to the mix of sales commission rates based on each individual salesperson s quotas and related achievement. 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, our gross margins after removing commission expense on indirect sales were approximately 67 and 51 , respectively. For the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, our gross margins after removing commission expense on indirect sales were approximately 62 and 54 , respectively. The indirect channel gross margins increased for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the same periods in the prior year due to the mix of VAR commission rates. These gross margin calculations include only commission expense for comparative purposes and do not include other costs of license fees such as amortization of capitalized software. 
 
 License Revenue 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Supply Chain Management 73 229 (68) Other Total license revenue 73 229 (68) 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Supply Chain Management 298 502 (41) Other 16 16 Total license revenue 314 518 (39) 
 For the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, license fee revenue decreased 68 and 39 , respectively when compared to the same periods in the prior year, which is attributable to the timing of purchases and the trend of on-premise clients moving to SaaS. The majority of our current license fee revenue is generated from additional users and expanded scope from our existing on-premise clients, as the market and we have moved away from on-premise licensed software. For both the three months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, our SCM segment constituted 100 of total license fee revenue. For the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, our SCM segment constituted 95 and 97 , respectively, of total license fee revenue. 
 Professional Services and Other Revenue 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Supply Chain Management 3,301 3,653 (10) Other 316 350 (10) Total professional services and other revenue 3,617 4,003 (10) 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Supply Chain Management 6,836 6,954 (2) Other 651 735 (11) Total professional services and other revenue 7,487 7,689 (3) 
 For the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, professional services and other revenue decreased by 10 and 3 , respectively, when compared to the same periods in the prior year, primarily due to lower professional services and other revenue derived from our SCM segment. For the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, our SCM segment s revenue decreased 10 and 2 , respectively when compared to the same periods in the prior year, primarily due to decreased bookings in recent quarters resulting in decreased project work and outsourcing of some services to systems integrators. For the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, our Other segment s revenue decreased 10 and 11 , respectively when compared to the same periods in the prior year, primarily due to the timing of project work with existing clients. We have observed that there is a tendency for services and other revenue to lag changes in license and subscription revenue by one to three quarters, as new licenses and subscriptions in one quarter often involve implementation and consulting services in subsequent quarters, for which we recognize revenue only as we perform those services. 
 
 Maintenance Revenue 
 Three Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Supply Chain Management 6,646 7,628 (13) Other 428 472 (9) Total maintenance revenue 7,074 8,100 (13) Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Supply Chain Management 13,495 15,318 (12) Other 869 945 (8) Total maintenance revenue 14,364 16,263 (12) 
 For the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, maintenance revenue decreased 13 and 12 , respectively, when compared to the same periods in the prior year, mainly due to our SCM segment. Our SCM maintenance revenue decreased 13 and 12 , respectively for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, when compared to the same periods last year due to normal client attrition, partially due to the divestiture of the Transportation group in November 2023 and clients converting from on-premise support to our SaaS cloud platform. The SCM segment accounted for 94 of total maintenance revenue for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. Our Other segment revenue decreased 9 and 8 , respectively for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 when compared to the same periods last year, due to a decline in sales of on-premise licenses and lower renewals on maintenance contracts due to clients converting from on-premise support to our SaaS cloud platform, leading to a decrease in maintenance revenue. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

GROSS MARGIN 
 The following table provides both dollar amounts (in thousands) and percentage measures of gross margin: 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Gross margin on subscription fees 9,844 68 8,751 66 19,941 68 18,297 67 Gross margin on license fees 71 97 136 59 268 85 353 68 Gross margin on professional services and other 900 25 1,147 29 2,074 28 1,773 23 Gross margin on maintenance 5,694 80 6,367 79 11,694 81 12,835 79 Total gross margin 16,509 65 16,401 64 33,977 66 33,258 64 
 For both the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, our total gross margin percentage increased by 1 , when compared to the same periods in the prior year, primarily due to higher margins on license fees. 
 Gross Margin on Subscription Fees 
 For the three months ended October 31, 2024, our gross margin percentage on subscription fees revenue slightly increased from 66 to 68 , when compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to increased subscription revenue, as well as decreases in amortization of capitalized software and commission expense due to the sales mix between our direct and indirect channels. 
 For the six months ended October 31, 2024, our gross margin percentage on subscription fees revenue slightly increased from 67 to 68 , when compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to increased subscription revenue. 
 Gross Margin on License Fees 
 License fee gross margin percentage for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 increased 38 and 17 , respectively, when compared to the same periods in the prior year, primarily due to changes in the sales mix between our direct and indirect sales channels. 
 Gross Margin on Professional Services and Other 
 Our gross margin percentage on professional services and other revenue decreased from 29 to 25 for the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to a decrease in revenues and staff utilization. Our gross margin percentage on professional services and other revenue increased from 23 to 28 for the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year, primarily due to cost containment. 
 Our gross margin percentage on professional services and other revenue in our SCM segment decreased from 25 to 21 for the three months ended October 31, 2024. Our gross margin percentage on professional services and other revenue in our SCM segment increased from 18 to 24 for the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. Our SCM segment constitutes 91 of the Company s professional services and other revenue for both the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 and 91 and 90 for the three and six months ended October 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Our Other segment professional services gross margin decreased from 70 to 64 for the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. Our Other segment professional services gross margin decreased from 70 to 65 for the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year. 
 Professional services and other gross margin is directly related to the level of services and other revenue. The primary component of cost of services and other revenue is services staffing and staff utilization, which is relatively inelastic in the short term. 
 
 Gross Margin on Maintenance 
 Maintenance gross margin percentage for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 increased 1 and 2 , respectively, when compared to the same periods in the prior year. The increase is primarily due to a decrease in personnel costs. The primary cost component is maintenance staffing, which is relatively inelastic in the short term. 
 
 EXPENSES 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 of Total Revenue 2024 2023 of Total Revenue 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) (in thousands) Research and development 4,347 4,269 17 17 8,711 8,518 17 17 Sales and marketing 5,085 5,313 20 21 10,721 11,044 21 21 General and administrative 5,850 5,461 23 21 11,283 10,922 22 21 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 191 129 1 1 382 153 1 Other income (loss) 1,180 (577) 5 (2) 2,314 1,309 4 3 Income tax expense 478 31 2 1,403 695 3 1 
 Research and Development 
 Research and development costs include personnel costs, third-party contractors, travel expense, rent, software expense and other non-capitalized software development costs. A breakdown of the research and development costs is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) (in thousands) Total research and development expense 4,347 4,269 2 8,711 8,518 2 Percentage of total revenue 17 17 17 17 Total amortization of capitalized computer software development costs 2 104 (98) 11 242 (95) 
 Included in cost of license fees and subscription fees. 
 
 For both the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, total product research and development costs increased by 2 when compared to the same period in the previous year. The increase is primarily due to an increase in personnel costs, an increase in the use of third-party contractors, an increase in recruiting fees and in increase in dues and subscriptions. For the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, amortization of capitalized software development costs decreased 98 and 95 , respectively, due to the fact that all projects have been fully amortized by October 31, 2024. 
 Sales and Marketing 
 For the three and six months ended October 31, 2024 sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue remained relatively flat at 20 and 21 , respectively, and for the three and six months ended October 31, 2023 sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenue remained flat at 21 , which is primarily due to cost containment. 
 General and Administrative 
 For the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, general and administrative expenses remained relatively flat at 23 and 22 , respectively. For the three and six months ended October 31, 2023, general and administrative expenses remained relatively flat at 21 . 
 At October 31, 2024, the total number of full-time personnel was 392, which includes 324 employees and 68 third-party contractors, compared to 423 full-time personnel, which includes 339 employees and 84 third-party contractors at October 31, 2023. 
 
 Operating Income (Loss) 
 32 

Table of Contents 

Three Months Ended October 31, Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) (in thousands) Supply Chain Management 6,143 5,597 10 12,731 11,768 8 Other (5,107) (4,368) 17 (9,851) (9,147) 8 Total operating income 1,036 1,229 (16) 2,880 2,621 10 
 Includes all corporate overhead and other common expenses. 
 Our SCM segment operating income increased by 10 and 8 , respectively, for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, when compared to the same periods in the prior year primarily due to an increase in subscription revenue and lower marketing and general and administrative expense. 
 Our Other segment operating loss increased by 17 and 8 , respectively, for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, when compared to the same periods in the prior year due primarily to decreases in subscription revenue, professional services revenue and maintenance revenue, along with higher general and administrative expenses. 
 Other Income (Loss) 
 Other income (loss) is comprised of net interest and dividend income, rental income, asset gains and losses, exchange rate gains and losses, and realized and unrealized gains and losses from investments. For the three months ended October 31, 2024, the increase in other income is mainly due to an increase in unrealized and realized gains on investments and interest income, partially offset by a decrease in dividend income, when compared to the same period in the prior year. We recorded unrealized gains of approximately 0.1 million and realized gains of approximately 0.1 million for the three months ended October 31, 2024 from our trading securities portfolio. 
 For the six months ended October 31, 2024, the increase in other income is mainly due to an increase in unrealized and realized gains on investments and interest income, partially offset by a decrease in dividend income, when compared to the same period in the prior year. We recorded unrealized losses of approximately 0.3 million and realized gains of approximately 0.7 million for the six months ended October 31, 2024 from our trading securities portfolio. 
 For the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023, our investments generated an annualized yield of approximately 4.36 and 4.28 , respectively. 
 Income Taxes 
 We recognize deferred tax assets and liabilities based on the future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their tax bases. We measure deferred tax assets and liabilities using statutory tax rates in effect in the year in which we expect the differences to reverse. We establish a deferred tax asset for the expected future benefit of net operating losses, credit carry-forwards and nonqualified stock options. Under the Income Tax Topic of ASC 740, Income Taxe s, we cannot recognize a deferred tax asset for the future benefit of our net operating losses, tax credits and temporary differences unless we can establish that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax asset would be realized. 
 During the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, we recorded income tax expense from continuing operations of 478,000 and 1.4 million, respectively, which included discrete stock compensation expense of 138,000 and 556,000, respectively, net of normal income tax expense from operations. During the three and six months ended October 31, 2023, we recorded income tax expense from continuing operations of 31,000 and 695,000, respectively. Before adjusting for these discrete tax expenses, our effective tax rate would have been 15.4 and 16.3 in the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, respectively, compared to our effective tax rate of 4.8 and 17.7 in the three and six months ended October 31, 2023. In addition, research and development credits and various permanent differences reduced our effective tax rate by 6.8 and 3.6 , respectively, in the six months ended October 31, 2024, compared to a reduction of 5.0 and 3.7 , respectively, in the six months ended October 31, 2023. 
 Operating Pattern 
 We experience an irregular pattern of quarterly operating results, caused primarily by fluctuations in both the number and size of software license and subscription contracts received and delivered from quarter-to-quarter and our ability to recognize revenue in that quarter in accordance with our revenue recognition policies. We expect this pattern to continue. 

33 

Table of Contents 

LIQUIDITY, CAPITAL RESOURCES AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 Historically, we have funded, and we continue to fund, our operations and capital expenditures primarily with cash generated from operating activities. The changes in net cash that our operating activities provide generally reflect the changes in net earnings and non-cash operating items plus the effect of changes in operating assets and liabilities, such as investment trading securities, trade accounts receivable, trade accounts payable, accrued expenses and deferred revenue. We have no debt obligations or off-balance sheet financing arrangements, and, therefore, we used no cash for debt service purposes. 
 The following table shows information about our cash flows and liquidity positions during the six months ended October 31, 2024 and 2023. You should read this table and the discussion that follows in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows contained in Item 1 in Part I of this Quarterly Report and in our Annual Report. 
 Six Months Ended October 31, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities of continuing operations (7,321) 6,436 Net cash provided by operating activities of discontinued operations 1,618 Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities (7,321) 8,054 Net cash used in investing activities of continuing operations (280) (25,522) Net cash provided by investing activities of discontinued operations 1,825 Net cash used in investing activities (280) (23,697) Net cash used in financing activities of continuing operations (7,322) (12,082) Net change in cash and cash equivalents (14,923) (27,725) 
 For the six months ended October 31, 2024, the net decrease in cash used in operating activities when compared to cash provided by operating activities in the same period last year was due primarily to the following: (1) an increase in the purchases of trading securities, (2) a relative decrease in deferred revenue when compared to the same period last year due to timing of revenue recognition, (3) an increase in deferred tax assets relative to a decrease in the prior year, (4) a decrease in net earnings and (5) an increase in net gain on investments compared to a loss in the prior year. 
 This net decrease in cash used in operating activities was partially offset by: (1) an increase in the proceeds from the maturity and sales of trading securities, (2) a larger decrease in client accounts receivable when compared to the same period last year due to the timing of closing client sales and related collections, (3) a decrease in gain on sale of discontinued operations, (4) a decrease in prepaid expenses and other assets when compared to the same period last year due to the timing of purchases, (5) a decrease in accounts payable and other liabilities compared to the same period last year due to timing of payments, (6) higher depreciation and amortization expense due to the Garvis acquisition and (7) higher stock based compensation. 
 The decrease in cash used in investing activities when compared to the same period in the prior year was mainly due to the Garvis acquisition in prior year and a decrease in purchases of property and equipment. 
 The decrease in cash used in financing activities when compared to the prior year was due primarily to decreases in the purchases of common stock and dividends paid, partially offset by a decrease in proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 
 The following table shows net changes in total cash, cash equivalents, and investments, which is one measure management uses to understand net total cash generated by our activities: 
 34 

Table of Contents 

As of October 31, 
 2024 2023 Cash and cash equivalents 44,589 62,971 Short-term investments 39,631 20,917 Total cash and short-term investments 84,220 83,888 Net increase (decrease) in total cash and investments during the six months ended October 31, 
 447 (29,622) 
 Our total activities provided more cash and investments during the six months ended October 31, 2024, when compared to October 31, 2023, in the course of normal business operations. 
 Days Sales Outstanding in accounts receivable was 61 days as of October 31, 2024, compared to 72 days as of October 31, 2023. This decrease is primarily due to the timing of billings and cash collections. Our current ratio was 2.2 to 1 on October 31, 2024 and 2.4 to 1 on October 31, 2023. 
 Our business in recent periods has generated positive cash flow from operations, excluding purchases and proceeds of sale of trading securities. For this reason, and because we had 84.2 million in cash and investments with no debt as of October 31, 2024, we believe that our sources of liquidity and capital resources will be sufficient to satisfy our presently anticipated requirements for continuing operations for a minimum of twelve months for working capital, capital expenditures and other corporate needs. However, at some future date, we may need to seek additional sources of capital to meet our requirements. If such need arises, we may be required to raise additional funds through equity or debt financing. We do not currently have a bank line of credit. We can provide no assurance that bank lines of credit or other financing will be available on terms acceptable to us. If available, such financing may result in dilution to our shareholders or higher interest expense. 
 On August 19, 2002, our Board of Directors approved a resolution authorizing the repurchase of up to an additional 2.0 million shares of our Class A common stock. We have completed our repurchase of 2.0 million shares of common stock at a cost of approximately 16.4 million. As of October 31, 2024, under all repurchase plans previously authorized, including this most recent plan, we have repurchased a total of 5,534,953 shares of common stock at a cost of approximately 35.8 million. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES AND ESTIMATES 
 For the six months ended October 31, 2024, there were no significant changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from those disclosed in the section Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Foreign Currency. In the three and six months ended October 31, 2024, we generated approximately 22 of our revenue outside the United States We typically make international sales through our VARs and employees located in foreign countries and denominate those sales in United States and New Zealand dollars, British pounds sterling or euros. However, expenses incurred in connection with these sales are typically denominated in the local currencies. We recorded exchange rate losses of approximately 22,000 for the three months ended October 31, 2024 compared to exchange rate losses of approximately 0.3 million for the same period in the prior year. We recorded exchange rate losses of approximately 0.1 million for the six months ended October 31, 2024 compared to exchange rate losses of approximately 0.3 million for the same period in the prior year. We estimate that a 10 movement in foreign currency rates would have had the effect of creating up to a 393,000 and 358,000 exchange rate gain or loss for the three and six months ended October 31, 2024. We have not engaged in any hedging activities. 
 Interest Rates and Other Market Risks . We have no debt, and therefore limit our discussion of interest rate risk to risk associated with our investment profile. We manage our interest rate risk by maintaining an investment portfolio of trading investments with high credit quality and relatively short average maturities. These instruments include, but are not limited to, money-market instruments, bank time deposits, and taxable and tax-advantaged variable rate and fixed rate obligations of corporations, municipalities, and national, state, and local government agencies. These instruments are denominated in U.S. dollars. The fair market value of these instruments as of October 31, 2024 was approximately 80.1 million compared to 79.5 million as of October 31, 2023. 
 We also hold cash balances in accounts with commercial banks in the United States and foreign countries. These cash balances represent operating balances only and are invested in short-term time deposits of the local bank. Such operating cash balances held at banks outside the United States are denominated in the local currency and are minor. 
 Many of our investments carry a degree of interest rate risk. When interest rates fall, our income from investments in variable-rate securities declines. When interest rates rise, the fair market value of our investments in fixed-rate securities declines. In addition, our investments in equity securities are subject to stock market volatility. Due in part to these factors, our future investment income may fall short of expectations or we may suffer losses in principal if forced to sell securities, which have seen a decline in market value due to changes in interest rates. We attempt to mitigate risk by holding fixed-rate securities to maturity, but, if our liquidity needs force us to sell fixed-rate securities prior to maturity, we may experience a loss of principal. 
 Inflation. Although we cannot accurately determine the amounts attributable thereto, we have been affected by inflation through increased costs of employee compensation and other operating expenses. To the extent permitted by the marketplace for our products and services, we attempt to recover increases in costs by periodically increasing prices. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management, under the supervision and with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that as of October 31, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 Remediation of Previously Disclosed Material Weakness in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 As previously disclosed in our Annual Report, management identified a material weakness as of the year ended April 30, 2024. The identified material weakness was related to certain process-level controls over the reconciliation of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued compensation and related costs and cost of revenues were not designed or operated effectively. These ineffective controls were attributable to insufficient risk assessment, policies and procedures and training that impaired our ability to timely investigate and resolve reconciling items. 
 
 Remediation of this material weakness was completed as of July 31, 2024 and included implementation of enhanced policies and procedures over reconciliations and related training, including a focus on risk assessment and expectations and procedures for investigating and resolving reconciling items on a timely basis. In addition, the Company increased its usage of its financial close management software in order to strengthen account reconciliation accuracy, tracking, and reporting. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended October 31, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. As noted above, the material weakness over certain process-level controls over the reconciliation of cash, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued compensation and related costs and cost of revenues reported has been fully remediated as of July 31, 2024. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We are not currently involved in legal proceedings requiring disclosure under this item. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this Quarterly Report, you should carefully consider the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Annual Report. There have been no material changes to the risk factors as previously disclosed in such Annual Report. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies 
 During the quarter ended October 31, 2024, none of our directors or officers (as defined in Section 16 of the Exchange Act) or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or a "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" (each defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit 2.1 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 5, 2023, among Logility, Inc., each of the shareholders of Garvis AI Limited and Piet Buyck, as Shareholder Representative (1) 
 Exhibit 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, and amendments thereto (2) . 
 Exhibit 3.2 Second Amended and Restated By-laws as of September 25, 2024 (3) Exhibits 31.1-31.2. Rule 13a-14(a) / 15d-14(a) Certifications 
 Exhibit 32.1 Section 906 Certifications 
 Exhibit 101.INS XBRL Instance Document. Exhibit 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. Exhibit 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. Exhibit 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. Exhibit 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. Exhibit 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 ______________ 
 (1) Incorporated by reference herein. Filed by the Company as Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 000-12456) as filed with the SEC on September 7, 2023. 
 (2) Incorporated by reference herein. Filed by the Company as Appendix B to its Proxy Statement filed on August 9, 2024 and amended as filed by the Company as Exhibit 3.2 to its Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2024. 
 38 

(3) Incorporated by reference herein. Filed by the Company as Exhibit 3.1 to its Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2024 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 LOGILITY SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS, INC. Date: December 6, 2024 
 By: /s/ H. Allan Dow H. Allan Dow Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) Date: December 6, 2024 
 By: /s/ Vincent C. Klinges Vincent C. Klinges Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Date: December 6, 2024 
 By: /s/ Bryan L. Sell Bryan L. Sell Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 40 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 amswa-20241031ex31.htm
 EX-3.1

Document 
 Exhibit 3.1 

SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION OF LOGILITY SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS, INC. 

LOGILITY SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS, INC., a Georgia corporation (the Corporation ), acting pursuant to Sections 14-2-602 and 14-2-1007 of the Georgia Business Corporation Code, does hereby submit the following Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation ), thereby amending and restating in their entirety the Corporation s existing Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation ), as amended. 
 
 FIRST These Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation were duly adopted in accordance with Sections 14-2-1003 and 14-2-1007 of the Georgia Business Corporation Code. 
 
 SECOND These Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation supersede the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Corporation and all amendments in their entirety. 
 THIRD These Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation contain amendments to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation requiring shareholder approval. 
 
 FOURTH These Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation were duly approved by the Corporation s shareholders in accordance with Section 14-2-1003 of the Georgia Business Corporation Code on August 20, 2024. 

FIFTH The Corporation s Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, as amended, will be amended and restated as set forth in Exhibit A . 

4857-2208-4531v19 

Exhibit A 
 
 SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED ARTICLES OF INCORPORATION 

ARTICLE I. NAME . 
 The name of the corporation is LOGILITY SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS, INC. (the Corporation ). 
 
 ARTICLE II. PURPOSE . 
 
 The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any form or type of business for any lawful purpose or purposes not specifically prohibited to corporations for profit under the laws of the State of Georgia and, to accomplish such purpose, it shall have all rights, powers, privileges and immunities which are now or hereafter may be allowed to corporations under the laws of the State of Georgia. 
 
 ARTICLE III. DURATION . 
 The Corporation shall have perpetual duration. 
 
 ARTICLE IV. ADDRESS REGISTERED AGENT . 
 
 The address of the Corporation s registered office in the State of Georgia is 900 Old Roswell Lake Pkwy, Suite 310, in the City of Roswell, County of Fulton, 30076. The name of the Corporation s registered agent at such address is Registered Agent Solutions, Inc. 
 
 ARTICLE V. CAPITAL STOCK . 
 (a) Authorized Classes of Stock . The aggregate number of shares of capital stock which the Corporation shall have the authority to issue shall be 50,000,000 shares, which shall consist entirely of shares of Common Stock (as defined below). 
 
 (b) Common Stock . 
 i. Reclassification of Class B Common Stock . Immediately upon the filing and effectiveness of these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Georgia (the Effective Time ), automatically and without further action on the part of the Corporation or the holders of capital stock of the Corporation, each share of Class B Common Stock, having a par value of Ten Cents 0.10) per share, of the Corporation (the Former Class B Common Stock ), issued and outstanding or held 

by the Corporation as treasury stock as of immediately prior to the Effective Time shall be reclassified and exchanged into 1.2 validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Class A Common Stock (the Reclassification Consideration ), having a par value of Ten Cents 0.10) per share of the Corporation (the Class A Common Stock ). The procedures for exchanging or transferring, as applicable, the certificated and book-entry shares of Former Class B Common Stock following the Effective Time and for receiving the Reclassification Consideration upon such exchange or transfer are set forth in that certain Reclassification Agreement by and among the Corporation and the persons named therein, dated April 10, 2024, as it may be amended from time to time. After giving effect to the foregoing reclassification of the Former Class B Common Stock into Class A Common Stock, the Class A Common Stock is hereby referred to as Common Stock . 
 ii. Voting Rights . Except as otherwise provided herein or by law, each holder of Common Stock shall have one vote in respect of each share of Common Stock held of record on each matter submitted to a vote of the shareholders of the Corporation. 
 iii. Liquidation . In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation or other similar event, the remaining assets of the Corporation available to shareholders shall be distributed equally per share to the holders of Common Stock. Neither the merger nor consolidation of the Corporation, nor the sale, lease or conveyance of all or part of its assets shall be deemed to be a liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of the Corporation within the meaning of this provision. 
 iv. Dividends . The holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive dividends as and when declared by the Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board out of funds legally available therefor. Holders of Common Stock shall be entitled to share equally, share for share, in dividends declared on Common Stock. 

ARTICLE VI. PREEMPTIVE RIGHTS . 
 Preemptive rights are hereby denied. No holder of any shares of this Corporation shall have the preemptive right to purchase, subscribe for, or otherwise acquire any shares of stock of the Corporation of any class now or hereafter authorized or any securities exchangeable for or convertible into such shares, or any warrants or other instruments evidencing rights or options to subscribe for purchase or otherwise acquire shares. 
 
 ARTICLE VII. BY-LAWS . 
 In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred by law, the Board is expressly authorized and empowered to adopt, amend, alter, or repeal the By-Laws of the Corporation without any action on the part of the shareholders. 

ARTICLE VIII. INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 The Corporation shall indemnify, and advance expenses to, to the fullest extent permitted by the Georgia Business Corporation Code, any person who was or is a party to or is threatened to be made a party to any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative by reason of the fact that the person is or was a director, officer, employee or agent of the Corporation, or is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as 

a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation, partnership, joint venture, trust or other enterprise. 

ARTICLE IX. DIRECTOR LIABILITY . 
 To the fullest extent that the Georgia Business Corporation Code as the same exists or may hereafter be permits the limitation or elimination of the liability of directors, no director of the Corporation shall be personally liable to the Corporation or its shareholders for monetary damages for any action taken, or for failure to take action. Neither the amendment or repeal of this Article IX nor the adoption of any provision of these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation inconsistent with this Article IX shall eliminate or adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation existing immediately prior to such amendment, repeal or adoption. 

ARTICLE X. ADOPTION . 
 
 These Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation were proposed by a majority vote of the Board, taken on the 29 th day of May 2024, and were duly approved and adopted by the shareholders of the Corporation in accordance with the provisions of Code Section 14-2-1003 on the 20th day of August, 2024, there being 31,459,01 1 shares of Ten Cents 0.10) par value Class A Common Stock of the Corporation outstanding and entitled to vote on that date, the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of the shares entitled to vote being required to adopt these articles. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, LOGILITY SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS, INC. has caused these Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation to be executed and its corporate seal to be affixed and has caused the foregoing to be attested, all by the duly authorized officers on this 6th day of October, 2024. 
 
 LOGILITY SUPPLY CHAIN SOLUTIONS, INC. 
 By s Vincent Klinges Vincent Klinges, Chief Financial Officer 
 
 ATTEST 
 By s James McGuone 
 James McGuone, Secretary 
 
 CORPORATE SEAL 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 amswa-20241031ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
 I, H. Allan Dow, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Logility Supply Chain Solutions, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date December 6, 2024 By s H. Allan Dow H. Allan Dow Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 amswa-20241031ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

RULE 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) CERTIFICATION 
 I, Vincent C. Klinges, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Logility Supply Chain Solutions, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting 
 Date December 6, 2024 By s Vincent C. Klinges Vincent C. Klinges Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 amswa-20241031ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

Certifications Pursuant to Section 906 of 
 The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) 
 The undersigned, as the Principal Executive Officer of Logility Supply Chain Solutions, Inc., certifies that, to the best of his knowledge and belief, this report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2024 (the Report ), which accompanies this certification, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Logility Supply Chain Solutions, Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated. The foregoing certification is made pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) and shall not be relied upon for any other purpose. 
 This 6th day of December, 2024 s H. Allan Dow H. Allan Dow Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) and Director 
 
 The undersigned, as the Principal Financial Officer of Logility Supply Chain Solutions, Inc., certifies that, to the best of his knowledge and belief, this report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended October 31, 2024 (the Report ), which accompanies this certification, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Logility Supply Chain Solutions, Inc. at the dates and for the periods indicated. The foregoing certification is made pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (18 U.S.C. Section 1350) and shall not be relied upon for any other purpose. 
 This 6th day of December, 2024 s Vincent C. Klinges Vincent C. Klinges Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Logility Supply Chain Solutions, Inc. and will be retained by Logility Supply Chain Solutions, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The information in this Exhibit 32.1 shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 amswa-20241031.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 amswa-20241031_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 amswa-20241031_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 amswa-20241031_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 amswa-20241031_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

