<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_898173_0000898173-24-000043.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6942031</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>88358</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1178842</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2286104</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1248149</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1961762</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000898173-24-000043.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108163104
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000898173-24-000043
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000898173
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-AUTO & HOME SUPPLY STORES [5531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				274358837
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21318
		FILM NUMBER:		241441130

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		233 S PATTERSON AVE
		CITY:			SPRINGFIELD
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			65802
		BUSINESS PHONE:		417-829-5878

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		233 S PATTERSON AVE
		CITY:			SPRINGFIELD
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			65802

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000898173-24-000043.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 orly-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 

 O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 (State or other jurisdiction of Commission file number (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) incorporation or organization) , (Address of principal executive offices, Zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Not applicable (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on which Registered 0.01 par value The Stock Market LLC (Nasdaq Global Select Market) Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Accelerated filer Emerging growth company Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b- 2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of the latest practicable date: Common stock, 0.01 par value - shares outstanding as of November 4, 2024. 

O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 2 ITEM 1 - FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 2 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 2 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 4 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 6 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 7 ITEM 2 - MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 18 ITEM 3 - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 24 ITEM 4 - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 25 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 26 ITEM 1 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 26 ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS 26 ITEM 2 - UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 26 ITEM 5 - OTHER INFORMATION 26 ITEM 6 - EXHIBITS 27 SIGNATURE PAGES 28 

 1 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In thousands, except share data) 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) (Note) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Amounts receivable from suppliers Inventory Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, at cost Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization Net property and equipment Operating lease, right-of-use assets Goodwill Other assets, net Total assets Liabilities and shareholders deficit Current liabilities: Accounts payable Self-insurance reserves Accrued payroll Accrued benefits and withholdings Income taxes payable Current portion of operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease liabilities, less current portion Deferred income taxes Other liabilities Shareholders equity (deficit): Common stock, par value: Authorized shares Issued and outstanding shares as of September 30, 2024, and as of December 31, 2023 Additional paid-in capital Retained deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total shareholders deficit ) ) Total liabilities and shareholders deficit Note: See accompanying Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 2 

O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited) (In thousands, except per share data) 

For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sales Cost of goods sold, including warehouse and distribution expenses Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Operating income Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Other, net ) Total other expense ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Earnings per share-basic: Earnings per share Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic Earnings per share-assuming dilution: Earnings per share Weighted-average common shares outstanding assuming dilution See accompanying Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (Unaudited) (In thousands) 

For the Three Months Ended For the Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Comprehensive income See accompanying Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 4 

O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) (Unaudited) (In thousands) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Accumulated Additional Other Common Stock Paid-In Retained Comprehensive Shares Par Value Capital Deficit Income (Loss) Total Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of common stock under employee benefit plans, net of forfeitures and shares withheld to cover taxes Net issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Share based compensation Share repurchases, including fees ) ) ) ) ) Excise tax on share repurchases ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Accumulated Additional Other Common Stock Paid-In Retained Comprehensive Shares Par Value Capital Deficit Income (Loss) Total Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of common stock under employee benefit plans, net of forfeitures and shares withheld to cover taxes Net issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Share-based compensation Share repurchases, including fees ) ) ) ) ) Excise tax on share repurchases ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) ) For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Accumulated Additional Other Common Stock Paid-In Retained Comprehensive Shares Par Value Capital Deficit Income Total Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Total other comprehensive loss ) ) Issuance of common stock under employee benefit plans, net of forfeitures and shares withheld to cover taxes Net issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Share based compensation Share repurchases, including fees ) ) ) ) ) Excise tax on share repurchases ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Accumulated Additional Other Common Stock Paid-In Retained Comprehensive Shares Par Value Capital Deficit Income Total Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Total other comprehensive income Issuance of common stock under employee benefit plans, net of forfeitures and shares withheld to cover taxes Net issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options Share-based compensation Share repurchases, including fees ) ) ) ) ) Excise tax on share repurchases ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) See accompanying Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 5 

O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) (In thousands) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment and intangibles Amortization of debt discount and issuance costs Deferred income taxes Share-based compensation programs Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventory ) ) Accounts payable Income taxes payable Other ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of property and equipment Investment in tax credit equity investments ) Other, including acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Proceeds from borrowings on revolving credit facility Payments on revolving credit facility ) ) Net (payments) proceeds of commercial paper ) Proceeds from the issuance of long-term debt Principal payments on long-term debt ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of common stock Other ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents at end of the period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Income taxes paid Interest paid, net of capitalized interest See accompanying Notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 

 6 

O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 of all outstanding shares of Vast Auto were acquired, with all consideration paid in cash at closing. The acquisition of Vast Auto represents O Reilly s entrance into the Canadian automotive aftermarket. At the time of the acquisition, Vast Auto operated distribution centers and satellite warehouses that support a network of company-owned stores and thousands of independent jobber and professional customers across Eastern Canada. The results of Vast Auto s operations have been included in the Company s condensed consolidated financial statements beginning from the date of acquisition. Pro forma results of operations related to the acquisition of Vast Auto are not presented as Vast Auto s results are not material to the Company s results of operations. The purchase price allocation process, which is still ongoing, consists of collecting data and information to enable the Company to value the assets acquired and liabilities assumed as a result of the business combination. The Company has substantially completed purchase price allocations related to working capital, including inventory, accounts receivable, accounts payable, and property, plant, and equipment. Potential identifiable intangible assets that continue to be evaluated include, but are not limited to, trade names and trademarks, non-compete agreements, and customer relationships. In addition, other assets, including internal use software, and other assumed liabilities may be identified, valued, and recorded. The Company has engaged a third-party valuation specialist to assist with the valuation of the intangible assets. This process is ongoing and the Company remains in the initial measurement period. The preliminary purchase price allocation remains provisional and will change as additional information is obtained and valuation work is completed during the initial measurement period. The Company s preliminary assessment resulted in the initial recognition of million of goodwill and intangible assets, which has been increased by million during the initial measurement period, including impacts from the recognition of applicable deferred taxes related to the acquisition, which is included in Goodwill on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024. Goodwill generated from this acquisition is not amortizable for tax purposes. unconsolidated tax credit fund entities that were considered to be VIEs and concluded it was not the primary beneficiary of any of the entities, as it did 

 7 

million as of September 30, 2024, and was included in Other assets, net on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis: The Company invests in various marketable securities with the intention of selling these securities to fulfill its future unsecured obligations under the Company s nonqualified deferred compensation plan. See Note 12 for further information concerning the Company s benefit plans. The Company s marketable securities were accounted for as trading securities and the carrying amount of its marketable securities were included in Other assets, net on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. The Company recorded an increase in fair value related to its marketable securities in the amount of million and a decrease in fair value related to its marketable securities in the amount of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which were included in Other income (expense) on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company recorded an increase in fair value related to its marketable securities in the amount of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which were included in Other income (expense) on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 

December 31, 2023 Quoted Prices in Active Markets Significant Other Significant for Identical Instruments Observable Inputs Unobservable Inputs (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Total Marketable securities Non-financial assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis: Certain long-lived non-financial assets and liabilities may be required to be measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in certain circumstances, including when there is evidence of impairment. These non-financial assets and liabilities may include assets acquired in a business combination or property and equipment that are determined to be impaired. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company did not have any non-financial assets or liabilities that had been measured at fair value subsequent to initial recognition. 

 8 

The carrying amount of the Company s unsecured revolving credit facility approximates fair value (Level 2), as borrowings under the facility bear variable interest at current market rates. The carrying amount of the Company s commercial paper program approximates fair value (Level 2), as borrowings under the program bear interest at market rates prevailing at the time of issuance. See Note 7 for further information concerning the Company s senior notes, unsecured revolving credit facility, and commercial paper program. The accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets include other financial instruments, including cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, amounts receivable from suppliers, and accounts payable. Due to the short-term nature of these financial instruments, the Company believes that the carrying values of these instruments approximate their fair values. Short-term operating lease cost Variable operating lease cost Sublease income ) ) ) ) Total lease cost The following table summarizes other lease-related information for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities . The Company does t have any assets pledged as security or other forms of guarantees for the committed payment to the third-party financial institutions. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company had obligations outstanding under these programs for invoices that were confirmed as valid to the third-party financial institutions in the amounts of billion and billion, respectively, which were included as a component of Accounts payable on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

 9 

as of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31, 2023 Senior Notes due 2026, effective interest rate of Senior Notes due 2026, effective interest rate of Senior Notes due 2027, effective interest rate of Senior Notes due 2028, effective interest rate of Senior Notes due 2029, effective interest rate of Senior Notes due 2030, effective interest rate of Senior Notes due 2031, effective interest rate of Senior Notes due 2032, effective interest rate of Senior Notes due 2034, effective interest rate of Total principal amount of debt Less: Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs Total long-term debt Unsecured revolving credit facility: The Company is party to a credit agreement dated , as amended as of March 6, 2023 (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement provides for a billion unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility arranged by JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., which is scheduled to mature in June of 2026. The Credit Agreement includes a million sub-limit for the issuance of letters of credit and a million sub-limit for swing line borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility. As described in the Credit Agreement governing the Revolving Credit Facility, the Company may, from time to time, subject to certain conditions, increase the aggregate commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility by up to million, provided that the aggregate amount of the commitments does not exceed billion at any time. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding letters of credit, primarily to support obligations related to workers compensation, general liability, and other insurance policies, under the Credit Agreement each in the amount of million, reducing the aggregate availability under the Credit Agreement by those amounts. Substantially all of these outstanding letters of credit have a term from the date of issuance. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding borrowings under its Revolving Credit Facility. Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility (other than swing line loans) bear interest, at the Company s option, at either an Alternate Base Rate or an Adjusted Term SOFR Rate (both as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus an applicable margin. Swing line loans made under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at an Alternate Base Rate plus the applicable margin for Alternate Base Rate loans. In addition, the Company pays a facility fee on the aggregate amount of the commitments under the Credit Agreement in an amount equal to a percentage of such commitments. The interest rate margins and facility fee are based upon the better of the ratings assigned to the Company s debt by Moody s Investor Service, Inc. and Standard Poor s Ratings Services, subject to limited exceptions. As of September 30, 2024, based upon the Company s current credit ratings, its margin for Alternate Base Rate loans was , its margin for Term Benchmark Revolving Loans was , and its facility fee was . The Credit Agreement contains certain covenants, including limitations on subsidiary indebtedness, a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of :1.00 and a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of :1.00. The consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio includes a calculation of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent, and non-cash share-based compensation expense to fixed charges. Fixed charges include interest expense, capitalized interest, and rent expense. The consolidated leverage ratio includes a calculation of adjusted debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent, and non-cash share-based compensation expense. Adjusted debt includes outstanding debt, outstanding stand-by letters of credit, and similar instruments, five-times rent expense and excludes any premium or discount recorded in conjunction with the issuance of long-term debt. In the event that the Company should default on any covenant (subject to customary grace periods, cure rights, and materiality thresholds) contained in the Credit Agreement, certain actions may be taken, including, but not limited to, possible termination of commitments, immediate payment of outstanding principal amounts plus accrued interest and other amounts payable under the Credit Agreement, and litigation from lenders. In addition to the letters of credit issued under the Credit Agreement described above, as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company had additional outstanding letters of credit, primarily to support obligations under workers compensation, general liability, 

 10 

million and million, respectively. Substantially all of these letters of credit have a term from the date of issuance and were not issued under the Company s Credit Agreement or another committed facility. Commercial paper program: On August 9, 2023, the Company established a commercial paper program (the Program pursuant to which it may issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes (the Notes under the exemption from registration contained in Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Amounts available under the Program may be borrowed, repaid, and re-borrowed from time to time, with the aggregate face or principal amount of the Notes outstanding under the Program at any time not to exceed billion. The Notes will have maturities of up to from the date of issue. The Notes rank at least pari passu with all of the Company s other unsecured and unsubordinated indebtedness. The Company plans to use its Revolving Credit Facility as a liquidity backstop for the repayment of Notes outstanding under the Program. The Notes issued under the Program were included in Long-term debt on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024, as the Company has the ability and intent to refinance these Notes on a long-term basis. Senior notes: On , the Company issued million aggregate principal amount of unsecured Senior Notes due 2034 Senior Notes due 2034 at a price to the public of of their face value with U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association U.S. Bank as trustee. Interest on the Senior Notes due 2034 is payable on August 19 and February 19 of each year, beginning on February 19, 2025, and is computed on the basis of a -day year. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has issued and outstanding a cumulative billion aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes, which are due between 2026 and 2034, with UMB Bank, N.A. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association as trustees. Interest on the senior notes, ranging from to , is payable semi-annually and is computed on the basis of a -day year. of the Company s subsidiaries is a guarantor under the senior notes. The Company s product warranty liabilities are included in Other current liabilities on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023; the following table identifies the changes in the Company s aggregate product warranty liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands): Warranty claims ) Warranty accruals Foreign currency translation ) Warranty liabilities, balance at September 30, 2024 billion, resulting in a cumulative authorization amount of billion. The additional authorizations are effective for , beginning on their respective announcement date. 

 11 

Average price per share Total investment As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million remaining under its share repurchase authorization. Excise tax on shares repurchased, assessed at one percent of the fair market value of shares repurchased, was million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Subsequent to the end of the third quarter and through November 8, 2024, the Company repurchased million additional shares of its common stock under its share repurchase program, at an average price of , for a total investment of million. The Company has repurchased a total of million shares of its common stock under its share repurchase program since the inception of the program in January of 2011 and through November 8, 2024, at an average price of , for a total aggregate investment of billion. Change in accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss, balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 

Foreign Total Accumulated Other Currency (1) Comprehensive Loss Accumulated other comprehensive income, balance at December 31, 2023 Change in accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss, balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 

Foreign Total Accumulated Other Currency (1) Comprehensive Income Accumulated other comprehensive income, balance at June 30, 2023 Change in accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income, balance at September 30, 2023 

Foreign Total Accumulated Other Currency (1) Comprehensive Income Accumulated other comprehensive income, balance at December 31, 2022 Change in accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated other comprehensive income, balance at September 30, 2023 
 (1) Foreign currency translation is not shown net of additional U.S. tax, as other basis differences of non-U.S. subsidiaries are intended to be permanently reinvested. 

 12 

Sales to professional service provider customers Other sales, sales adjustments, and sales from the acquired Vast Auto stores Total sales See Note 8 for information concerning the expected costs associated with the Company s assurance warranty obligations. See Note 2 for information concerning the recent acquisition of Vast Auto. and typically vest per year, over . The Company records compensation expense for the grant date fair value of the option awards evenly over the vesting period or minimum required service period. The table below identifies stock option activity under these plans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands, except per share data): Granted Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 The fair value of each stock option award is estimated on the date of the grant using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Black-Scholes model requires the use of assumptions, including the risk-free rate, expected life, expected volatility, and expected dividend yield. 
 Risk-free interest rate The United States Treasury rates in effect at the time the options are granted for the options expected life. Expected life Represents the period of time that options granted are expected to be outstanding. The Company uses historical experience to estimate the expected life of options granted. Expected volatility Measure of the amount, by which the Company s stock price is expected to fluctuate, based on a historical trend. Expected dividend yield The Company has not paid, nor does it have plans in the foreseeable future to pay, any dividends. 

 13 

Expected life Years Years Expected volatility Expected dividend yield The following table summarizes activity related to stock options awarded by the Company for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands, except per share data): Income tax benefit from compensation expense related to stock options The weighted-average grant-date fair value of options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was , compared to for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The remaining unrecognized compensation expense related to unvested stock option awards at September 30, 2024, was million, and the weighted-average period of time over which this cost will be recognized is years. Other share-based compensation plans: The Company sponsors other share-based compensation plans: an employee stock purchase plan and incentive plans that provide for the awarding of shares of restricted stock to certain key employees and directors. The Company s employee stock purchase plan (the ESPP permits eligible employees to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at of the fair market value. The fair value of shares issued under the ESPP is based on the average of the high and low market prices of the Company s common stock during the offering periods, and compensation expense is recognized based on the discount between the fair value and the employee purchase price for the shares sold to employees. Restricted stock awarded under the incentive plans to certain key employees and directors vests after or evenly over a period and is held in escrow until such vesting has occurred. The fair value of shares awarded under the incentive plans is based on the closing market price of the Company s common stock on the date of the award, and compensation expense is recorded evenly over the vesting period or the minimum required service period. The table below summarizes activity related to the Company s other share-based compensation plans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): Income tax benefit from compensation expense related to shares issued under the ESPP Compensation expense for restricted shares awarded Income tax benefit from compensation expense related to restricted awards Profit sharing and savings plan: The Company sponsors a contributory profit sharing and savings plan (the 401(k) Plan that covers substantially all employees who are at least 21 years of age. The Company makes matching contributions equal to of the first 2 of each employee s wages that are contributed and of the next 4 of each employee s wages that are contributed. The Company may also make additional discretionary profit sharing contributions to the 401(k) Plan on an annual basis as determined by the Board of Directors. The Company did not make any discretionary contributions to the 401(k) Plan during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. The Company expensed matching contributions under the 401(k) Plan in the amount of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which were primarily included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company expensed matching contributions under the 401(k) Plan in the amount of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which 

 14 

million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, which was included in Other liabilities on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company expensed contributions under the Deferred Compensation Plan in the amount of less than million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, which were included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company expensed matching contributions under the Deferred Compensation Plan in the amount of million and less than million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which were included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. Stock appreciation rights: The Company s incentive plans provide for the granting of stock appreciation rights, which expire after and vest per year, over , and are settled in cash. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, there were and stock appreciation rights outstanding, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were stock appreciation rights granted, stock appreciation rights exercised, and stock appreciation rights forfeited. The liability for compensation to be paid for redeemed stock appreciation rights was million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, which were included in Other liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recorded compensation expense for stock appreciation rights in the amount of million and compensation benefit for stock appreciation rights in the amount of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which were included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company recorded compensation expense for stock appreciation rights in the amount of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which were included in Selling, general and administrative expenses on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. million RETCs, with the final closing payment anticipated to occur by June of 2025. 

 15 

Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic Effect of stock options (1) Weighted-average common shares outstanding assuming dilution Earnings per share: Earnings per share-basic Earnings per share-assuming dilution Antidilutive potential common shares not included in the calculation of diluted earnings per share: Stock options (1) Weighted-average exercise price per share of antidilutive stock options (1) 
 (1) See Note 12 for further information concerning the terms of the Company s share-based compensation plans. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the computation of diluted earnings per share did not include certain securities. These securities represent underlying stock options not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share, because the inclusion of such equity awards would have been antidilutive. See Note 9 for information concerning the Company s subsequent share repurchases. 

 16 

17 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Unless otherwise indicated, we, us, our, and similar terms, as well as references to the Company or O Reilly, refer to O Reilly Automotive, Inc. and its subsidiaries. In Management s Discussion and Analysis, we provide a historical and prospective narrative of our general financial condition, results of operations, liquidity, and certain other factors that may affect our future results, including 
 an overview of the key drivers and other influences on the automotive aftermarket industry; our results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023; our liquidity and capital resources; our critical accounting estimates; and recent accounting pronouncements that may affect our Company. The review of Management s Discussion and Analysis should be made in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements, related notes and other financial information, forward-looking statements, and other risk factors included elsewhere in this quarterly report. FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS We claim the protection of the safe-harbor for forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. You can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as estimate, may, could, will, believe, expect, would, consider, should, anticipate, project, plan, intend, or similar words. In addition, statements contained within this quarterly report that are not historical facts are forward-looking statements, such as statements discussing, among other things, expected growth, store development, integration and expansion strategy, business strategies, future revenues, and future performance. These forward-looking statements are based on estimates, projections, beliefs, and assumptions and are not guarantees of future events and results. Such statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including, but not limited to, the economy in general; inflation; consumer debt levels; product demand; a public health crisis; the market for auto parts; competition; weather; tariffs; availability of key products and supply chain disruptions; business interruptions, including terrorist activities, war and the threat of war; failure to protect our brand and reputation; challenges in international markets; volatility of the market price of our common stock; our increased debt levels; credit ratings on public debt; damage, failure, or interruption of information technology systems, including information security and cyber-attacks; historical growth rate sustainability; our ability to hire and retain qualified employees; risks associated with the performance of acquired businesses; and governmental regulations. Actual results may materially differ from anticipated results described or implied in these forward-looking statements. Please refer to the Risk Factors section of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and subsequent Securities and Exchange Commission filings, for additional factors that could materially affect our financial performance. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and we undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by applicable law. OVERVIEW We are a specialty retailer of automotive aftermarket parts, tools, supplies, equipment, and accessories in the United States, Puerto Rico, Mexico, and Canada. We are one of the largest U.S. automotive aftermarket specialty retailers, selling our products to both DIY customers and professional service providers our dual market strategy. Our goal is to achieve growth in sales and profitability by capitalizing on our competitive advantages, such as our dual market strategy, superior customer service provided by well-trained and technically proficient Team Members, and strategic distribution and hub store network that provides same day and over-night inventory access for our stores to offer a broad selection of product offerings. The successful execution of our growth strategy includes aggressively opening new stores, growing sales in existing stores, continually enhancing merchandising and store layouts, and implementing our Omnichannel initiatives. As of September 30, 2024, we operated 6,187 stores in 48 U.S. states and Puerto Rico, 78 stores in Mexico, and 26 stores in Canada. See Note 2 Business Combination to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information concerning the recent acquisition of Vast Auto. The extensive product line offered in our stores consists of new and remanufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories, a complete line of auto body paint and related materials, automotive tools, and professional service provider service equipment. Our extensive product line includes an assortment of products that are differentiated by quality and price for most of the product lines we offer. For many of our product offerings, this quality differentiation reflects good, better, and best alternatives. 

 18 

Our sales and total gross profit dollars are, generally, highest for the best quality category of products. Consumers willingness to select products at a higher point on the value spectrum is a driver of enhanced sales and profitability in our industry. We have ongoing initiatives focused on marketing and training to educate customers on the advantages of ongoing vehicle maintenance, as well as purchasing up on the value spectrum. Our stores also offer enhanced services and programs to our customers, including used oil, oil filter, and battery recycling; battery, wiper, and bulb replacement; battery diagnostic testing; electrical and module testing; check engine light code extraction; loaner tool program; drum and rotor resurfacing; custom hydraulic hoses; professional paint shop mixing and related materials; and machine shops. Our business is influenced by a number of general macroeconomic factors that impact both our industry and consumers, including, but not limited to, inflation, including rising consumer staples; fuel and energy costs; unemployment trends; interest rates; and other economic factors. Future changes, such as continued broad-based inflation and rapid fuel cost increases that exceed wage growth, may negatively impact our consumers level of disposable income, and we cannot predict the degree these changes, or other future changes, may have on our business or industry. We believe the key drivers of demand over the long-term for the products sold within the automotive aftermarket include the number of U.S. miles driven, number of U.S. registered vehicles, annual rate of light vehicle sales, and average vehicle age. Number of Miles Driven The number of total miles driven in the U.S. influences the demand for repair and maintenance products sold within the automotive aftermarket. In total, vehicles in the U.S. are driven approximately three trillion miles per year, resulting in ongoing wear and tear and a corresponding continued demand for the repair and maintenance products necessary to keep these vehicles in operation. According to the U.S. Department of Transportation, the number of total miles driven in the U.S. increased 0.9 and 2.1 in 2022 and 2023, respectively, and year-to-date through August of 2024, miles driven have increased 0.9 . Total miles driven can be impacted by macroeconomic factors, including rapid increases in fuel cost, but we are unable to predict the degree of impact these factors may have on miles driven in the future. Size and Age of the Vehicle Fleet The total number of vehicles on the road and the average age of the vehicle population heavily influence the demand for products sold within the automotive aftermarket industry. As reported by the Auto Care Association, the total number of registered vehicles increased 14.2 from 2013 to 2023, bringing the number of light vehicles on the road to 284 million by the end of 2023. For the year ended December 31, 2023, the seasonally adjusted annual rate of light vehicle sales in the U.S. SAAR was approximately 15.8 million vehicles, and for 2024, the SAAR is estimated to be approximately 15.8 million vehicles, contributing to the continued growth in the total number of registered vehicles on the road. From 2013 to 2023, vehicle scrappage rates have remained relatively stable, ranging from 4.1 to 5.7 annually. As a result, over the past decade, the average age of the U.S. vehicle population has increased, growing 10.6 , from 11.3 years in 2013 to 12.5 years in 2023. While the annual changes to the vehicle population resulting from new vehicle sales and the fluctuation in vehicle scrappage rates in any given year represent a small percentage of the total light vehicle population and have a muted impact on the total number and average age of vehicles on the road over the short term, we believe our business benefits from the current environment of elevated new and used vehicle prices, as consumers are more willing to continue to invest in their current vehicle. We believe the increase in average vehicle age over the long term can be attributed to better engineered and manufactured vehicles, which can be reliably driven at higher mileages due to better quality power trains, interiors and exteriors, coupled with consumers willingness to invest in maintaining these higher-mileage, better built vehicles. As the average age of vehicles on the road increases, a larger percentage of miles are being driven by vehicles that are outside of a manufacturer warranty. These out-of-warranty, older vehicles generate strong demand for automotive aftermarket products as they go through more routine maintenance cycles, have more frequent mechanical failures, and generally require more maintenance than newer vehicles. We believe consumers will continue to invest in these reliable, higher-quality, higher-mileage vehicles, and these investments, along with an increasing total light vehicle fleet, will support continued demand for automotive aftermarket products. Inflationary cost pressures impact our business; however, historically we have been successful, in many cases, in reducing the effects of merchandise cost increases, principally by taking advantage of supplier incentive programs, economies of scale resulting from increased volume of purchases and selective forward buying. To the extent our acquisition costs increase due to base commodity price increases or other input cost increases affecting the entire industry, we have typically been able to pass along these cost increases through higher selling prices for the affected products. As a result, we do not believe inflation has had a material adverse effect on our operations. To some extent, our business is seasonal, primarily as a result of the impact of weather conditions on customer buying patterns. While we have historically realized operating profits in each quarter of the year, our store sales and profits have historically been higher in the second and third quarters (April through September) than in the first and fourth quarters (October through March) of the year. 

 19 

We remain confident in our ability to gain market share in our existing markets and grow our business in new markets by focusing on our dual market strategy and the core O Reilly values of hard work and excellent customer service. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Sales: Sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased 161 million, or 4 , to 4.36 billion from 4.20 billion for the same period one year ago. Sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 633 million or 5 to 12.61 billion from 11.98 billion for the same period one year ago. Comparable store sales for stores open at least one year increased 1.5 and 8.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Comparable store sales for stores open at least one year increased 2.4 and 9.4 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Comparable store sales are calculated based on the change in sales for U.S. stores open at least one year and exclude sales of specialty machinery, sales to independent parts stores, and sales to Team Members, as well as sales from Leap Day in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Online sales for ship-to-home orders and pickup in-store orders for U.S. stores open at least one year are included in the comparable store sales calculation. We opened 47 and 111 net, new stores during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to opening 40 and 140 net, new stores during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Additionally, we began operating 23 stores in Canada from the Vast Auto acquisition during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We anticipate total new store growth to be 190 to 200 net, new store openings in 2024. We anticipate total new store growth to be 200 to 210 net, new store openings in 2025. The increase in sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily the result of the 1.5 increase in domestic comparable store sales, a 66 million increase in sales from new stores opened in 2023 and 2024 that are not considered comparable stores, and sales from the acquired Vast Auto stores. The increase in sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily the result of 2.4 increase in domestic comparable store sales, a 210 million increase in sales from new stores opened in 2023 and 2024 that are not considered comparable stores, sales from the acquired Vast Auto stores, and sales from one additional day due to Leap Day. Our comparable store sales increases for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, were driven by increases in average ticket values for both professional service provider and DIY customers and positive transaction counts from professional service provider customers, partially offset by negative transaction counts from DIY customers. Average ticket values benefited from inflationary increases in average selling prices, as compared to the same periods in 2023. Average ticket values also continue to be positively impacted by the increasing complexity and cost of replacement parts necessary to maintain the current population of better-engineered and more technically advanced vehicles. These better-engineered, more technically advanced vehicles require less frequent repairs, as the component parts are more durable and last for longer periods of time. The resulting decrease in repair frequency creates pressure on customer transaction counts; however, when repairs are needed, the cost of replacement parts is, on average, greater, which is a benefit to average ticket values. The decreases in DIY customer transaction counts were driven by pressured consumer spending on discretionary categories and broader industry pressure in certain repair related hard part categories. See Note 2 Business Combination to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information concerning the recent acquisition of Vast Auto. See Note 11 Revenue to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information concerning the Company s sales. Gross profit: Gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased 4 to 2.25 billion (or 51.6 of sales) from 2.16 billion (or 51.4 of sales) for the same period one year ago. Gross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 5 to 6.45 billion (or 51.2 of sales) from 6.14 billion (or 51.2 of sales) for the same period one year ago. The increase in gross profit dollars for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily the result of the increase in comparable store sales at existing stores and sales from new and acquired stores. The increase in gross profit dollars for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily the result of the increase in comparable store sales at existing stores, sales from new and acquired stores, and one additional day due to Leap Day. The increase in gross profit as a percentage of sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily due to improved acquisition costs, partially offset by a greater percentage of our total sales mix being generated from professional service provider customers, which carry a lower gross margin than DIY sales, and the inclusion of the lower gross margin sales from the acquired Vast Auto business. Gross profit as a percentage of sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was flat. Selling, general and administrative expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses SG A for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased 7 to 1.35 billion (or 31.0 of sales) from 1.26 billion (or 30.1 of sales) for the same period one year ago. SG A for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 7 to 3.94 billion (or 31.2 of sales) from 3.67 billion (or 30.6 of sales) for the same period one year ago. The increase in total SG A dollars for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily the result of additional Team Members and vehicles to support our increased sales and store count and SG A associated with the Vast Auto operations. The 

 20 

increase in total SG A dollars for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily the result of additional Team Members and vehicles to support our increased sales and store count, SG A associated with the Vast Auto acquisition and operations, and one additional day due to Leap Day. The increases in SG A as a percentage of sales for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, were principally due to depreciation costs for the accelerated refreshment of store related capital expenditures and information technology investments. Operating income: As a result of the impacts discussed above, operating income for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 897 million (or 20.5 of sales), which was flat compared to 897 million (or 21.3 of sales) for the same period one year ago. As a result of the impacts discussed above, operating income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 2 to 2.51 billion (or 19.9 of sales) from 2.47 billion (or 20.6 of sales) for the same period one year ago. Other income and expense: Total other expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 3 to 49 million (or 1.1 of sales) from 51 million (or 1.2 of sales) for the same period one year ago. Total other expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 14 to 153 million (or 1.2 of sales) from 134 million (or 1.1 of sales) for the same period one year ago. The decrease in total other expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was the result of an increase in the value of our trading securities, as compared to a decrease in the same period in 2023, partially offset by increased interest expense on higher average outstanding borrowings. The increase in total other expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was the result of increased interest expense on higher average outstanding borrowings. See Note 4 Fair Value Measurements to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information concerning the Company s trading securities. See Note 7 Financing to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information concerning the Company s borrowings. Income taxes: Our provision for income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 7 to 182 million (21.5 effective tax rate) from 197 million (23.2 effective tax rate) for the same period one year ago. Our provision for income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased 3 to 524 million (22.2 effective tax rate) from 539 million (23.1 effective tax rate) for the same period one year ago. The decreases in our provision for income taxes and our effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, were the result of higher excess tax benefits from share-based compensation in the current period, as compared to the same period one year ago. Net income: As a result of the impacts discussed above, net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased 2 to 665 million (or 15.2 of sales) from 650 million (or 15.5 of sales) for the same period one year ago. As results of the impacts discussed above, net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 2 to 1.84 billion (or 14.6 of sales) from 1.79 billion (or 15.0 of sales) for the same period one year ago. Earnings per share: Our diluted earnings per common share for the three months ended September 30, 2024, increased 6 to 11.41 on 58 million shares from 10.72 on 61 million shares for the same period one year ago. Our diluted earnings per common share for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 7 to 31.14 on 59 million shares from 29.20 on 61 million shares for the same period one year ago. LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Our long-term business strategy requires capital to maintain and enhance our existing stores, invest to open new stores, fund strategic acquisitions, expand distribution infrastructure, and develop enhanced information technology systems and tools and may include the opportunistic repurchase of shares of our common stock through our Board-approved share repurchase program. Our material cash requirements necessary to maintain the current operations of our long-term business strategy include, but are not limited to, inventory purchases; human capital obligations, including payroll and benefits; contractual obligations, including debt and interest obligations; capital expenditures; payment of income taxes; and other operational priorities. We expect to fund our short- and long-term cash and capital requirements with our primary sources of liquidity, which include funds generated from the normal course of our business operations, borrowings under our unsecured revolving credit facility and our commercial paper program, and senior note offerings. However, there can be no assurance that we will continue to generate cash flows or maintain liquidity at or above recent levels, as we are unable to predict decreased demand for our products or changes in customer buying patterns. Additionally, these factors could also impact our ability to meet the debt covenants of our credit agreement and, therefore, negatively impact the funds available under our unsecured revolving credit facility. 

 21 

Other than the commitment discussed in Note 13 Commitments to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, there have been no material changes to the contractual obligations, to which we are committed, since those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The following table identifies cash provided by/(used in) our operating, investing and financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, Liquidity: 2024 2023 Total cash provided by/(used in): Operating activities 2,425,089 2,517,655 Investing activities (883,608) (749,773) Financing activities (1,704,093) (1,794,694) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (907) 893 Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents (163,519) (25,919) Capital expenditures 732,916 753,958 Free cash flow (1) 1,657,129 1,731,695 
 (1) Calculated as net cash provided by operating activities, less capital expenditures, excess tax benefit from share-based compensation payments, and investment in tax credit equity investments for the period. See page 24 for the reconciliation of the calculation of free cash flow. Operating activities: The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, was primarily due to a smaller increase in income taxes payable, due to the timing of tax payments related to benefits from federal renewable energy tax credits, partially offset by an increase in operating income. Investing activities: The increase in net cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, was the result of the acquisition of Vast Auto, partially offset by a decrease in capital expenditures. The decrease in capital expenditures was primarily due to the timing of property acquisitions, closings, construction costs for new stores, partially offset by an increase in the number of owned new store openings in the current period, as compared to the same period in the prior year. Financing activities: The decrease in net cash used in financing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, was attributable to a lower level of repurchases of our common stock in the current period, the issuance of 500 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes in the current period, and the redemption of 300 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes in the same period in 2023, partially offset by a net paydown on the Company s commercial paper issuances in the current period versus net borrowings on the Company s commercial paper program during the same period in 2023. Debt instruments: See Note 7 Financing to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for information concerning the Company s credit agreement, unsecured revolving credit facility, outstanding letters of credit, commercial paper program, and unsecured senior notes. Debt covenants: The indentures governing our senior notes contain covenants that limit our ability and the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things, create certain liens on assets to secure certain debt and enter into certain sale and leaseback transactions, and limit our ability to merge or consolidate with another company or transfer all or substantially all of our property, in each case as set forth in the indentures. These covenants are, however, subject to a number of important limitations and exceptions. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the covenants applicable to our senior notes. The Credit Agreement contains certain covenants, including limitations on indebtedness, a minimum consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of 2.50:1.00 and a maximum consolidated leverage ratio of 3.50:1.00. The consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio includes a calculation of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent, and non-cash share-based compensation expense to fixed charges. Fixed charges include interest expense, capitalized interest, and rent expense. The consolidated leverage ratio includes a calculation of adjusted debt to earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent, and non-cash share-based compensation expense. Adjusted debt includes outstanding debt, outstanding stand-by letters of credit, and similar instruments, five-times rent expense and excludes any premium or discount recorded in conjunction with the issuance of long-term debt. In the event that we should default 

 22 

on any covenant contained within the Credit Agreement, certain actions may be taken, including, but not limited to, possible termination of commitments, immediate payment of outstanding principal amounts plus accrued interest and other amounts payable under the Credit Agreement, and litigation from our lenders. We had a consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio of 6.14 times and 6.56 times as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and a consolidated leverage ratio of 1.85 times and 1.83 times as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, remaining in compliance with all covenants related to the borrowing arrangements. The table below outlines the calculations of the consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio and consolidated leverage ratio covenants, as defined in the Credit Agreement governing the Revolving Credit Facility, for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands): 

For the Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 GAAP net income 2,388,054 2,322,649 Add: Interest expense 223,293 187,851 Rent expense (1) 444,166 417,988 Provision for income taxes 643,344 656,817 Depreciation expense 449,207 392,354 Amortization expense 2,595 4,114 Non-cash share-based compensation 27,163 29,493 Non-GAAP EBITDAR 4,177,822 4,011,266 Interest expense 223,293 187,851 Capitalized interest 12,975 6,025 Rent expense (1) 444,166 417,988 Total fixed charges 680,434 611,864 Consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio 6.14 6.56 GAAP debt 5,359,810 5,102,350 Add: Stand-by letters of credit 127,234 111,732 Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs 30,190 27,650 Five-times rent expense 2,220,830 2,089,940 Non-GAAP adjusted debt 7,738,064 7,331,672 Consolidated leverage ratio 1.85 1.83 
 (1) The table below outlines the calculation of Rent expense and reconciles Rent expense to Total lease cost, per Accounting Standard Codification 842 ASC 842 the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, for the twelve months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 

For the Twelve Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Total lease cost, per ASC 842 530,689 495,360 Less: Variable non-contract operating lease components, related to property taxes and insurance 86,523 77,372 Rent expense 444,166 417,988 

23 

The table below outlines the calculation of Free cash flow and reconciles Free cash flow to Net cash provided by operating activities, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash provided by operating activities 2,425,089 2,517,655 Less: Capital expenditures 732,916 753,958 Excess tax benefit from share-based compensation payments 35,044 27,852 Investment in tax credit equity investments 4,150 Free cash flow 1,657,129 1,731,695 Free cash flow, the consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio, and the consolidated leverage ratio discussed and presented in the tables above are not derived in accordance with United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP ). We do not, nor do we suggest investors should, consider such non-GAAP financial measures in isolation from, or as a substitute for, GAAP financial information. We believe that the presentation of our free cash flow, consolidated fixed charge coverage ratio, and consolidated leverage ratio provides meaningful supplemental information to both management and investors and reflects the required covenants under the Credit Agreement. We include these items in judging our performance and believe this non-GAAP information is useful to investors as well. Material limitations of these non-GAAP measures are that such measures do not reflect actual GAAP amounts. We compensate for such limitations by presenting, in the tables above, a reconciliation to the most directly comparable GAAP measures. Share repurchase program: See Note 9 Share Repurchase Program to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on our share repurchase program. CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES The preparation of our financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires the application of certain estimates and judgments by management. Management bases its assumptions, estimates, and adjustments on historical experience, current trends and other factors believed to be relevant at the time the condensed consolidated financial statements are prepared. There have been no material changes in the critical accounting estimates since those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. RECENT ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS See Note 16 Recent Accounting Pronouncements to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for information about recent accounting pronouncements. Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Interest rate risk: We are subject to interest rate risk to the extent we borrow against our unsecured revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility with variable interest rates based on either an Alternative Base Rate or Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, as defined in the credit agreement governing the Revolving Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024, we had no outstanding borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility. We are also subject to interest rate risk to the extent we issue short-term, unsecured commercial paper notes under our commercial paper program (the Program with variable interest rates. As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding borrowings under the Program in the amount of 40.0 million, at the weighted-average variable interest rate of 4.980 . At this borrowing level, a 10 increase in interest rates would have had an unfavorable annual impact on our pre-tax earnings and cash flows in the amount of 0.2 million. Cash equivalents risk: We invest certain of our excess cash balances in short-term, highly-liquid instruments with maturities of 90 days or less. We do not expect any material losses from our invested cash balances and we believe that our interest rate exposure is minimal. As of September 30, 2024, our cash and cash equivalents totaled 115.6 million. Foreign currency risk: Foreign currency exposures arising from transactions include firm commitments and anticipated transactions denominated in a currency other than our entities functional currencies. To minimize our risk, we generally enter into transactions denominated in the respective 

 24 

functional currencies. Our foreign currency exposure arises from Mexican peso-denominated and Canadian dollar-denominated revenues and profits and their respective translations into U.S. dollars. We view our investments in Mexican subsidiaries as long-term. The net asset exposure in the Mexican subsidiaries translated into U.S. dollars using the period-end exchange rates was 330.9 million at September 30, 2024. The period-end exchange rate of the Mexican peso, relative to the U.S. dollar, weakened by approximately 13.8 from December 31, 2023. The potential loss in value of our net assets in the Mexican subsidiaries resulting from a 10 change in quoted foreign currency exchange rates at September 30, 2024, would be approximately 30.1 million. Any changes in our net assets in the Mexican subsidiaries relating to foreign currency exchange rates would be reflected in the financial statements through the foreign currency translation component of accumulated other comprehensive income, unless the Mexican subsidiaries are sold or otherwise disposed. A 10 change in average exchange rates would not have had a material impact on our results of operations. We view our investments in Canadian subsidiaries as long-term. The net asset exposure in the Canadian subsidiaries translated into U.S. dollars using the period-end exchange rates was 175.6 million at September 30, 2024. The period-end exchange rate of the Canadian dollar, relative to the U.S. dollar, weakened by approximately 2.1 from December 31, 2023. The potential loss in value of our net assets in the Canadian subsidiaries resulting from a 10 change in quoted foreign currency exchange rates at September 30, 2024, would be approximately 16.0 million. Any changes in our net assets in the Canadian subsidiaries relating to foreign currency exchange rates would be reflected in the financial statements through the foreign currency translation component of accumulated other comprehensive income, unless the Canadian subsidiaries are sold or otherwise disposed. A 10 change in average exchange rates would not have had a material impact on our results of operations. Our market risks have not materially changed since those discussed in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Item 4. Controls and Procedures EVALUATION OF DISCLOSURE CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES As of the end of the period covered by this report, the management of the Company, under the supervision and with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) and as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended the Exchange Act ). Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report are functioning effectively to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. CHANGES IN INTERNAL CONTROLS There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

 25 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings The Company is currently involved in litigation incidental to the ordinary conduct of the Company s business. Based on existing facts and historical patterns, the Company accrues for litigation losses in instances where an adverse outcome is probable and the Company is able to reasonably estimate the probable loss in accordance with Accounting Standard Codification 450-20. The Company also accrues for an estimate of legal costs to be incurred for litigation matters. Although the Company cannot ascertain the amount of liability that it may incur from legal matters, it does not currently believe that, in the aggregate, these matters, taking into account applicable insurance and accruals, will have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows in a particular quarter or annual period. Item 1A. Risk Factors As of September 30, 2024, there have been no material changes to the risk factors set forth in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds The Company had no sales of unregistered securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The following table identifies all repurchases during the three months ended September 30, 2024, of any of the Company s securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser (in thousands, except per share data): 

Total Number of Maximum Dollar Value Total Average Shares Purchased as of Shares that May Yet Number of Price Paid Part of Publicly Be Purchased Under the Period Shares Purchased per Share Announced Programs Programs (1) July 1, 2024, to July 31, 2024 247 1,043.47 247 1,250,892 August 1, 2024, to August 31, 2024 130 1,123.29 130 1,104,360 September 1, 2024, to September 30, 2024 121 1,125.30 121 967,707 Total as of September 30, 2024 498 1,084.28 498 
 (1) The authorization under the share repurchase program that currently has capacity is scheduled to expire on November 16, 2026. No other share repurchase programs existed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. See Note 9 Share Repurchase Program to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on our share repurchases. Item 5. Other Information (c) Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plan Elections: of the Company s Directors or Officers adopted, modified, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading agreement or a n-Rule 10b5-1 trading agreement, as defined in Item 408(c) of Regulation S-K, during the Company s fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

 26 

Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Registrant, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 19, 2020, is incorporated herein by this reference. 3.2 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant, filed as Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated May 19, 2020, is incorporated herein by this reference. 4.1 Sixth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of August 19, 2024, by and between O Reilly Automotive, Inc. and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association, as Trustee, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 19, 2024, is incorporated herein by this reference. 4.2 Form of Note for 5.000 Senior Notes due 2034, included in Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K dated August 19, 2024, is incorporated herein by this reference. 31.1 Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 31.2 Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 32.1 Certificate of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, furnished herewith. 32.2 Certificate of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, furnished herewith. 101.INS iXBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.DEF iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 101.LAB iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File, formatted as Inline XBRL, contained in Exhibit 101 attachments. Furnished (and not filed) herewith pursuant to Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

 27 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC. November 8, 2024 /s/ Brad Beckham Date Brad Beckham Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 8, 2024 /s/ Jeremy A. Fletcher Date Jeremy A. Fletcher Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

 28 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 orly-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 - CEO Certification O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CERTIFICATIONS I, Brad Beckham, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of O Reilly Automotive, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ Brad Beckham Brad Beckham Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 orly-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 - CFO Certification O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CERTIFICATIONS I, Jeremy A. Fletcher, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of O Reilly Automotive, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 8, 2024 /s/ Jeremy A. Fletcher Jeremy A. Fletcher Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 orly-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 - CEO Certification O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Report of O Reilly Automotive, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Brad Beckham, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Brad Beckham Brad Beckham Chief Executive Officer 
 November 8, 2024 This certification is made solely for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and not for any other purpose. This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 orly-20240930xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 - CFO Certification O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES O REILLY AUTOMOTIVE, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Report of O Reilly Automotive, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeremy A. Fletcher, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jeremy A. Fletcher Jeremy A. Fletcher Chief Financial Officer 
 November 8, 2024 This certification is made solely for purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and not for any other purpose. This certification accompanies the Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 orly-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 orly-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 orly-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 orly-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 orly-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

