<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1728328_0001213900-24-098445.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4197855</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>94305</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1078525</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>757251</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1002152</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1179793</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098445.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114161529
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098445
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		70
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001728328
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39685
		FILM NUMBER:		241462508

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1445-885 WEST GEORGIA ST.
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 3E8
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(604) 669-7207

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1445-885 WEST GEORGIA ST.
		CITY:			VANCOUVER
		STATE:			A1
		ZIP:			V6C 3E8

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098445.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0219774-10q_inmed.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from __________ to
 __________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , . (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act): Yes No 

As of November 14, 2024, the registrant had 
common shares, without par value, outstanding. 

INDEX 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM
 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 1 

ITEM
 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 21 

ITEM
 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 30 

ITEM
 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 30 

PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM
 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 31 

ITEM
 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 31 

ITEM
 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 33 

ITEM
 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 33 

ITEM
 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE 
 33 

ITEM
 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 33 

ITEM
 6. EXHIBITS 
 33 

SIGNATURES 
 34 

i 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(this Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of United States Private Securities
Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and forward-looking information within the meaning of applicable Canadian securities law,
which are included but are not limited to statements with respect to the Company s anticipated results and progress of the Company s
operations, research and development in future periods, plans related to its business strategy, and other matters that may occur in the
future. These statements relate to analyses and other information that are based on forecasts of future results, estimates of amounts
not yet determinable and assumptions of management. We may, in some cases, use words such as anticipate , believe ,
 could , estimate , expect , intend , may , plan , predict ,
 project , will , would , and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes
to identify these forward-looking statements. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed
to be forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report include, but are not limited to, statements about: 

Our failure to satisfy any applicable listing standards, including
compliance with Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement for the continued listing on Nasdaq, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule
5550(a)(2), and the actual or threatened delisting of our securities by Nasdaq; 

The efficacy of the Company s Reverse Stock Split which was effected
by the Company on November 14, 2024, including its direct and indirect impact on the liquidity of the Company s common shares, no
par value, and the ability of the Common Shares to trade above 1.00 for ten consecutive trading days on Nasdaq; 

The Company s ability
 to stem operating losses and the Company s ability to obtain additional financing to fund its operations; 

The revenues of BayMedica,
 LLC BayMedica and the commercial viability of its product portfolio; 

The Company s ability
 to effectively research, develop, manufacture and commercialize pharmaceutical drug candidates that will treat diseases with high
 unmet medical needs; 

The continued optimization
 of key, proprietary manufacturing approaches and technologies; 

Our ability to commercialize
 and, where required, register products in the pharmaceutical R D programs Product Candidates and those targeted
 to the health and wellness sector Products in the United States and other jurisdictions; 

Our success in initiating
 discussions with potential partners for licensing various aspects of our Product Candidates; 

Our ability to successfully
 access existing manufacturing capacity via leases with third-parties or to transfer our manufacturing processes to contract manufacturing
 organizations; 

Our belief that our manufacturing
 approaches that we are developing are robust and effective and will result in commercially viable yields of cannabinoids and will
 be a significant improvement upon existing manufacturing platforms; 

Our ability to successfully
 scale up our IntegraSyn approach to cannabinoid manufacturing. InMed has created genetically engineered microbes that produce proprietary
 enzymes, which are then used to optimize subsequent biotransformation reactions or other cost-effective manufacturing approaches
 so that it will be commercial-scale ready after Phase 2 clinical trials are completed, after which time we may no longer need to
 source active pharmaceutical ingredients APIs from third-party API manufacturers; 

The success of the key
 next steps in our manufacturing approaches, including continuing efforts to diversify the number of products produced, scaling-up
 the processes to larger vessels and identifying external vendors to assist in the commercial scale-up of the process; 

Our ability to successfully
 make determinations as to which research and development programs to continue based on several strategic factors; 

Our ability to continue
 to outsource the majority of our research and development activities through scientific collaboration agreements and arrangements
 with various scientific collaborators, academic institutions and their personnel; 

The success of work to
 be conducted under the research and development collaboration between us and various contract development and manufacturing organizations
 CDMOs 

Our ability to develop
 our therapies through early human testing; 

Our ability to evaluate
 the financial returns on various commercialization approaches for our Product Candidates, such as a go-it-alone commercialization
 effort, out-licensing to third parties, or co-promotion agreements with strategic collaborators; 

Our ability to find a partnership
 early in the development process for our various programs; 

ii 

Our ability to explore
 our manufacturing technologies as processes which may confer certain benefits, including cost, yield, speed, or all the above, when
 pursuing specific types of molecules, and filing a provisional patent application for same; 

Plans regarding our next
 steps, options, and targeted benefits of our manufacturing technologies; 

Our Products being bio-identical
 to the naturally occurring molecules, and offering superior ease, control and quality of manufacturing when compared to alternative
 methods; 

U.S. Food and Drug Administration
 FDA regulatory acceptance of Product Candidates for potential use in the pharmaceutical industry; 

Our ability to successfully
 file, prosecute and defend patent applications; 

The potential for any of
 our patent applications to provide intellectual property protection for us; 

The termination or renegotiation
 of our supplier, technology and other material contracts, including the invoking of force majeure or termination clauses, and actual
 or threatened claims of our failure to comply with any obligations set forth under such contracts; 

The adequacy of, or gaps
 in, insurance coverage upon the occurrence of a catastrophic or other material adverse event, as well as our ability to (i) expand
 our insurance coverage to include the commercial sale of Products and Product Candidates and (ii) secure insurance coverage for shipping
 and storage of Product Candidates, and clinical trial insurance; 

Developing patentable New
 Chemical Entities NCE which, if issued, will confer market exclusivity to us for the potential development into pharmaceutical
 Product Candidates, license, partner or sell to interested external parties; 

Our ability to initiate
 discussions and conclude strategic partnerships to assist with development of certain programs; 

Our ability to position
 ourselves to achieve value-driving, near term milestones for our Product Candidates with limited investment; 

Our ability to effectively
 execute our business strategy; 

The sufficiency of our
 internal controls, including any exposure arising from the failure to (i) establish and maintain effective internal control over
 financial reporting in accordance with applicable regulatory requirements, and (ii) fully remediate any material weakness identified
 with respect to such internal controls; 

Epidemics, pandemics, global
 health crises, or other public health events and concerns, including any future resurgence of COVID-19, and the effectiveness of
 associated vaccinations and treatments; 

Consolidation of our competitors
 and suppliers; 

Effects of new products
 and new technology on the market, including with respect to automation and the use of artificial intelligence; 

The impact of geopolitical,
 global, regional or local economic and financial market risks and challenges, applicability of foreign laws, including foreign labor
 and employment laws, foreign tax and customs regimes, and foreign currency exchange rate risk; and 

Political disturbances,
 geopolitical instability and tensions, or terrorist attacks, and associated changes in global trade policies and economic sanctions,
 including, but not limited to, in connection with (i) the Russo-Ukrainian war and (ii) any impact, effect, damage, destruction and/or
 bodily harm directly or indirectly relating to the ongoing hostilities in the Middle East. 

This list is not exhaustive of the
factors that may affect our forward-looking statements. Some of the important risks and uncertainties that could affect forward-looking
statements are described further under IA. Risk Factors in our Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024, which
was filed with the SEC on September 30, 2024 (the 2024 Annual Report ), Item 1A. Risk Factors in this
Quarterly Report and Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
in this Quarterly Report. Although we have attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those described in forward-looking statements, there may be other factors that cause results not to be as anticipated, estimated
or intended. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual
results may vary materially from those anticipated, believed, estimated, or expected. We caution readers not to place undue reliance
on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made and are based only on the information available to us at
that time. Except as required by law, we disclaim any obligation to subsequently revise any forward-looking statements to reflect events
or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS. 

Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements of 

InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024
and 2023 

1 

InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

(Expressed in U.S. Dollars) 

September 30, 2024 

INDEX 
 
 Page 

Financial Statements (Unaudited) 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 
 4 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders 
 Equity 
 
 5 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 
 6 

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 7-20 

2 

InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

Expressed in U.S. Dollars 

September 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2024 

Unaudited 

ASSETS 

Current 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Accounts receivable (less provision for credit losses of nil and in September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively) 

Inventories, net 

Prepaids and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Non-Current 

Property, equipment and right-of-use ROU assets, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Current portion of lease obligations 

Total current liabilities 

Non-current 

Lease obligations, net of current portion 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 11) 

Shareholders Equity 

Common Shares, no par value, unlimited authorized shares: and , as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, issued and outstanding

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Accumulated other comprehensive income 

Total Shareholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity 

The accompanying notes form an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS UNAUDITED 

Expressed in U.S. Dollars 

For the Three Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Sales 

Cost of sales 

Gross profit 

Operating Expenses 

Research and development and patents 

General and administrative 

Amortization and depreciation 

Foreign Exchange (Gain) Loss 

Total operating expenses 

Other Income (Expense) 

Interest and other income 

Loss before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 

Net loss per share 

Basic and diluted 

Weighted average outstanding Common Shares 

Basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes form an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY
UNAUDITED 

For the Three Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Expressed in U.S. Dollars 

Common Shares 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Total 

# 

Balance July 1, 2024 

Private placement 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Share issuance costs 
 - 
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Exercise of pre-funded warrants 

-
 
 -
 
 -

Loss for the period 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Balance September 30, 2024 

Common Shares 
 Additional Paid-in Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 Total 

# 

Balance July 1, 2023 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Share-based compensation 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Balance September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes form an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS UNAUDITED 

For the Three Months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

Expressed in U.S. Dollars 

For the Three Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Cash provided by (used in): 

Operating Activities 

Net loss 

Items not requiring cash: 

Amortization and depreciation 

Share-based compensation 

Amortization of ROU assets 

Interest income received on short-term investments 

Unrealized foreign exchange loss 

Inventory write-down 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Inventories 

Prepaids and other currents assets 

Other non-current assets 
 -

Accounts receivable 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Deferred rent 
 -

Lease obligations 

Total cash used in operating activities 

Investing Activities 

Sale of short-term investments 

Purchase of short-term investments 

Total cash used in investing activities 
 -
 
 -

Financing Activities 

Proceeds from the private placement 
 
 -

Private placement issuance costs 
 
 -

Total cash provided by financing activities 
 
 -

Decrease in cash during the period 

Cash and cash equivalents beginning of the period 

Cash and cash equivalents end of the period 

SUPPLEMENTARY CASH FLOW INFORMATION: 

Cash Paid During the Period for: 

Income Taxes 
 -
 
 -

Interest 
 -
 
 -

SUPPLEMENTARY DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Recognition of ROU asset and corresponding operating lease liability 
 
 -

The accompanying notes form an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

6 

InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 

under the Business Corporations
Act of British Columbia. InMed is a clinical stage pharmaceutical company developing a pipeline of prescription-based products, including
rare cannabinoids and novel cannabinoid analogs, targeting the treatment of diseases with high unmet medical needs as well as developing
proprietary manufacturing technologies to produce rare cannabinoids for sale in the health and wellness industry. 

The Company s shares are listed
on the Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the trading symbol INM . InMed s office and principal place
of business is located at Suite 1445 885 West Georgia Street, Vancouver, B.C., Canada, V6C 1B4. 

Going Concern 

In accordance with the Financial Accounting
Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40), the Company has evaluated whether there are conditions and events, considered
in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after
the date that the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. 

Through September 30, 2024, the Company
has funded its operations primarily with proceeds from the sale of the Company s common shares, no par value per share (the Common
Shares ). The Company has incurred recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations since its inception, including net
losses of approximately and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. In addition, the
Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately million as of September 30, 2024. The Company expects to continue to
generate operating losses for the foreseeable future. 

As of the issuance date of these unaudited
condensed consolidated financial statements, the Company expects its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of million
as of September 30, 2024 will be sufficient to fund its operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through the end of the
first quarter of calendar 2025, depending on the level and timing of realizing BayMedica revenues from the sale of bulk rare cannabinoids
in the health wellness sector as well as the level and timing of Company operating expenses. The future viability
of the Company is dependent on its ability to raise additional capital to finance its operations. The Company has concluded that there
is substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the unaudited condensed consolidated
financial statements are issued. 

The Company expects to continue to
seek additional funding through equity financings, debt financings or other capital sources, including collaborations with other companies,
government contracts or other strategic transactions. The Company may not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all.
The terms of any financing may adversely affect the holdings or the rights of the Company s existing shareholders. 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Subtopic 205-40, management has determined that the Company s liquidity
condition raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, which is considered to be for a
period of one year from the issuance of these condensed consolidated financial statements. These unaudited condensed consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or the amounts of classification
of liabilities that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Such adjustments could be material. 

7 

and , respectively, of cash equivalents in a money market fund that is considered
Level 1 in the financial instruments hierarchy due to the readily available quoted prices in active markets for identical instruments. 

8 

million.
The Company does not believe it is exposed to significant credit risk on cash and cash equivalents. 

, , , and of total accounts receivable. As of June 30,
2024, we had five customers with an accounts receivable balance representing , , , and of total accounts
receivable. 

, , , and of revenue. For the three months ended September
30, 2023, the Company had three customers that accounted for , , and of revenue. 

as a valuation allowance to reduce weighted average cost to net realizable value. During the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded an inventory write-down due to net realizable value of and , respectively. 

years Lab equipment - years 

years 

9 

net of any accumulated impairment losses.
There was no impairment loss during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

10 

11 

Warrants 

12 

13 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Inventories 

Equipment 

Furnishings 

Property and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property, equipment and ROU assets, net 

Depreciation expense on computer equipment,
lab equipment and furnishing for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was and , respectively, and was recorded
in general and administrative expenses. Amortization expense related to the ROU assets for the three months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, was and , respectively, and was recorded in general and administrative expenses. 

Patents 

Intangible assets 

Less: accumulated amortization 

Intangible assets, net 

Acquired intellectual property is
recorded at cost and is amortized on a straight-line basis over years. Acquired patents consist of patents related to the development
of cannabinoid analogs. This intangible asset is being amortized over an estimated useful life of years. As at September 30, 2024,
the definite-lived intangible assets had a weighted average estimated remaining useful life of approximately years. 

14 

and respectively. 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Thereafter 

Total 

Accrued research and development expenses 

Inventory related accruals 

Employee compensation, benefits and related accruals 

Accrued general and administrative expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Common Shares for gross proceeds of approximately million. This amount has been offset by financing fees of approximately
 . 

15 

Warrants Granted 
 -
 
 -

Exercised 
 
 -

Expire/Cancelled 
 -
 
 -

Warrants Outstanding as at September 30, 2024 

Warrants Exercisable as at September 30, 2024 

As of September 30, 2024 and June 30,
2024, the warrants exercisable and outstanding have an intrinsic value of nil and , respectively, with a weighted average
remaining life of and , respectively. 

of the issued and outstanding Common
Shares at the date the options are granted (on a non-diluted and rolling basis); and (ii) the application of the Plan to all outstanding
stock options of the Company that were granted prior to March 24, 2017 under the terms of the Company s previous stock option plan.
On December 19, 2023, the Company s Board of Directors approved the reservation of an additional Common Shares
under the Plan. 

As of each of September 30, 2024 and
June 30, 2024, there were stock options immediately available for future allocation pursuant to applicable regulatory requirements.
The maximum number of options issuable under the terms of the Plan equates to of the then issued and outstanding shares. The
option price under each option shall not be less than the closing price on the day prior to the date of grant. All options vest upon terms
as set by the Board of Directors, either over time, up to 36 months, or upon the achievement of certain corporate milestones. 

The Company did not grant any stock
options during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

As of September 30, 2024 the Company
had vested and exercisable options with a weighted average exercise price of and unvested options with a weighted
average exercise price of 

Total expenses arising from share-based
payment transactions recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were and , respectively, of
which and , respectively, was allocated to general and administrative expenses, and , respectively, was
allocated to research and development expenses, and and , respectively, was allocated to Cost of Goods sold. 

Unrecognized compensation cost as
at September 30, 2024 (which related to unvested options) was , which will be recognized over a weighted-average vesting
period of approximately years. 

16 

Year 2 

Year 3 

Year 4 
 -

Year 5 
 -

More than five years 
 -

Total undiscounted lease liabilities (1) 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

Less: Current portion of lease liabilities 

Non-current portion of lease liabilities 

On July 29, 2024, the Company entered
into a lease agreement for new office space. This office occupies approximately square feet with a monthly basic rental rate and
operating charges of an estimated C for the term of the agreement. The Company used an incremental borrowing rate of 
and recognized a ROU asset and corresponding operating lease liability of . 

On October 5, 2023, BayMedica amended
its lease located at 458 Carlton Court, Suite C, South San Francisco, California, in order to extend its lease to May 14, 2027. The Company
is obligated to pay over the period unless terminated before the end of the period. The Company used an incremental
borrowing rate of and recognized a ROU asset and corresponding operating lease liability of . 

17 

million and million, respectively. Total assets as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, held in the BayMedica
Commercial segment were million and million, respectively. 

-

Cost of sales 
 -

-

Research and development patents 

General and Administrative 

Amortization and depreciation 

Foreign exchange gain (loss) 
 
 -

-

Interest and other income 
 
 -

-

Net Income (Loss) 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

, expected to occur in the following twelve-month period. 

Pursuant to the terms of a certain
Technology Assignment Agreement, dated as of May 31, 2017 (the Technology Agreement ), between the Company and the University
of British Columbia UBC ), the Company is committed to pay royalties to UBC on certain licensing and royalty revenues received
by the Company for biosynthesis of certain drug products that are covered by the Technology Agreement. To date, no payments have been
required to be made. 

Pursuant to the terms of a certain
Collaborative Research Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2018, between the Company and UBC, pursuant to which the Company owns all
rights, title and interests in and to any intellectual property, in addition to funding research at UBC, the Company is committed to
make a one-time payment upon filing of any PCT patent application arising from the research. To date, one such payment has been made
to UBC. 

Pursuant to the terms of a certain
Contribution Agreement, dated as of November 1, 2018, between the Company and National Research Council Canada, as represented by its
Industrial Research Assistance Program (NRC-IRAP), under certain circumstances contributions received, including the disposition of the
underlying intellectual property developed in part with NRC-IRAP contributions, may become repayable. As of September 30, 2024, there
have been no triggering events to cause a repayment. 

18 

and as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, that are
pledged as security for a corporate credit card. 

In addition to the foregoing, the
Company has entered into certain agreements in the ordinary course of operations that may include indemnification provisions, which are
common in such agreements. In some cases, the maximum amount of potential future indemnification is unlimited; however, the Company currently
holds commercial general liability insurance. This insurance may limit the Company s overall liability and may enable the Company
to recover a portion of any future amounts paid. Historically, the Company has not made any indemnification payments under such agreements,
and it believes that the fair value of these indemnification obligations is minimal. Accordingly, the Company has not recognized any
liabilities relating to these obligations for any period presented. 

Pursuant to that certain Technology
Licensing Agreement, dated as of March 11, 2021, between the Company and EyeCRO, the Company is committed to issue, subject to regulatory
approval, up to warrants to purchase Common Shares upon the achievement of certain milestones. The exercise price of the warrants
will be equal to the five-day VWAP of our Common Shares prior to each milestone achievement and the warrants will be exercisable for
a period of three years from the issuance date. On May 10, 2024, the Company delivered a 90-day notice of termination to EyeCRO LLC with
respect to the Technology Licensing Agreement, specifying an effective date of termination of August 8, 2024. 

BayMedica entered into a patent license
agreement Patent License Agreement with a third party (the Licensor on February 15, 2021. The Company
was required to begin making royalty payments to the Licensor based on net sales of licensed products in 2021 in order to maintain an
exclusive license. In December 2021, the Company amended the Patent License Agreement, which amendment included the deferral of the 2021
minimum payments to 2022. As of June 30, 2023, the Company had paid for the minimum payments due and payable under the Patent
License Agreement. On February 10, 2023, BayMedica received a letter from the Licensor alleging a breach of the Patent License Agreement
and asserting a right to monies due thereunder. On April 6, 2023, BayMedica sent a letter to the Licensor disputing the Licensor s
interpretation of the Patent License Agreement and asserted that the counterparty s only remedy under the Patent License Agreement
to be either (a) the conversion of an exclusive technology license into a non-exclusive license or (b) the termination of the Patent
License Agreement. 

19 

and , respectively, to the Company. These transactions
were in the normal course of operations and were measured at the exchange amount which represented the amount of consideration established
and agreed to by NRF. No legal services rendered by NRF were provided by Ms. Grove directly. 

pursuant to the terms of the Amended ATM Agreement. 

On November 14, 2024, the Company effected
a Reverse Stock Split of its Common Shares at a ratio of 20-to-1. Trading of the Common Shares on Nasdaq on a split-adjusted basis began
as of November 14, 2024. 

20 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL
CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

This discussion and analysis contains certain
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, and is subject
to the safe harbor created by those sections. For more information, see Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
When reviewing the discussion below, you should keep in mind the substantial risks and uncertainties that impact our business. In particular,
we strongly encourage you to review the risks and uncertainties described in Risk Factors in the 2024 Annual Report, the
 Risk Factors identified in Item 1A. of this Quarterly Report, and other filings we make from time to time with the SEC.
These risks and uncertainties could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected or implied by our forward-looking statements
contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These forward-looking statements are made as of the date of this Quarterly Report on
Form 10-Q, and we do not intend, and do not assume any obligation, to update these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. 

The following discussion and analysis should
be read in conjunction with our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended June 30, 2024, and the related notes thereto,
which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Additionally, the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction
with our audited consolidated financial statements included in this Annual Report. Throughout this discussion, unless the context specifies
or implies otherwise the terms InMed, Company, we, us, and our refer
to InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc. 

All dollar amounts stated herein are in
U.S. dollars unless specified otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a pharmaceutical company developing a pipeline
of proprietary small molecule drug candidates that are preferential signaling ligands of the endogenous CB1 and CB2 receptors as well
as other receptor targets linked to human disease. CB1 and CB2 receptors are each part of the endocannabinoid system that is found throughout
the human body and is responsible for many homeostatic functions. CB1 receptors are primarily located in the brain and central nervous
system, while CB2 receptors are involved in modulating neuroinflammation and immune responses. Our research efforts target the treatment
of diseases with high unmet medical needs. Together with BayMedica, we also have significant know-how in developing proprietary manufacturing
approaches to produce and sell bulk rare cannabinoids as ingredients for various market sectors. 

InMed has sought to focus on the research and
development of preferential signaling ligands of CB1 and CB2, and has produced a library of novel, proprietary drug candidates Product
Candidates ). These Product Candidates are patentable new chemical entities NCEs for pharmaceutical development,
aimed at targeting diverse clinical indications. Our current pharmaceutical pipeline consists of three programs, with drug candidates
targeting Alzheimer s disease, dry age-related macular degeneration, and Epidermolysis Bullosa. InMed s INM-901 is a proprietary
small molecule, disease modifying drug candidate being developed as a potential treatment for Alzheimer s disease. INM-901 has multiple
potential mechanisms of action as a preferential signaling agonist for both CB1 and CB2 receptors, as well as impacting the peroxisome
proliferator-activated receptor PPAR signaling pathway. Combined, these mechanisms of action may offer a unique treatment
approach targeting several biological pathways associated with Alzheimer s disease. Our ocular research, based on the proprietary
small molecule INM-089, indicates potentially promising neuroprotective effects in the back of the eye, which may lead to the preservation
of the retinal function. Neuroprotection in dry Aged-related Macular Degeneration dry AMD remains an unmet medical need
and a new treatment option may help solve this multifactorial disease. 

InMed has also completed a Phase 2 clinical trial
of INM-755 (cannabinol) cream studying its safety and efficacy in treating symptoms related to Epidermolysis Bullosa EB ).
Results from the Phase 2 clinical trial showed a positive indication of enhanced anti-itch activity for INM-755 cream versus the control
cream alone in an exploratory clinical evaluation. The Company is also pursuing strategic partnership opportunities for INM-755 in epidermolysis
bullosa and other itch-related skin conditions. 

Together with BayMedica, our manufacturing capabilities
include traditional approaches such as chemical synthesis and biosynthesis, as well as a proprietary, integrated manufacturing approach
called IntegraSyn. With multiple manufacturing approaches, InMed has sought to maintain enhanced flexibility to select the most cost-effective
method to deliver high quality, high purity Products and Product Candidates fit for their intended use. BayMedica s commercial business
specializes in the B2B commercialization of bulk rare, non-intoxicating cannabinoids as raw materials for the Health and Wellness sector
that are bioidentical to those found in nature. 

21 

Recent Developments 

NASDAQ Delisting Notice, Determination from
the Hearings Panel and Reverse Stock Split 

As previously reported by the Company, on March
19, 2024, the Company received written notification from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq that the Company has been granted
an additional 180-day compliance period, or until September 16, 2024 (the Extended Compliance Period ), to regain compliance
with Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement for the continued listing on Nasdaq, as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2)
(the Minimum Bid Price Rule ). Nasdaq s determination was based on the Company meeting the continued listing requirement
for market value of publicly held shares and all other applicable requirements for initial listing on Nasdaq, with the exception of the
bid price requirement, and the Company s written notice of its intention to consider all available options to regain compliance
during the Extended Compliance Period, including, if necessary, effecting a reverse stock split. The Company was unable to regain compliance
during the Extended Compliance Period and, on September 17, 2024, the Company received an additional notification from the Listing Qualifications
Department stating that due to the deficiency, the Company s securities would be delisted from Nasdaq on September 26, 2024, unless
the Company appealed Nasdaq s determination to a Hearings Panel (the Panel ). A hearing request would stay the suspension
of the Company s securities pending the Panel s discussion. On September 17, 2024, the Company submitted the hearing request
to appeal (the Appeal Request Nasdaq s determination before the Panel. On October 31, 2024, a hearing was held before
the Panel regarding the Company s request for (i) continued listing on Nasdaq and (ii) additional time to regain compliance
with the Minimum Bid Price Rule. On November 1, 2024, the Panel issued its determination (the Panel Determination Letter to the Company, granting the Company s request for the continued listing of the Common Shares on Nasdaq, but subject to the Company s
evidencing compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Rule for ten consecutive trading days as of December 2, 2024 (the Requisite Compliance
Date ), and of other conditions stipulated by the Panel Determination Letter. In order to regain compliance with the Minimum Bid
Price Rule before the Requisite Compliance Date, the Company effected the Reverse Stock Split of the Common Shares at a ratio of 20-to-1.
Trading of the Common Shares on Nasdaq on a split-adjusted basis began as of November 14, 2024. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split,
every twenty shares of Common Shares were combined into one Common Share, and the total number of Common Shares outstanding were reduced
from approximately 14,361,550 shares to approximately 718,032 shares. No fractional shares were issued if, as a result of the Reverse
Stock Split, a registered shareholder would otherwise become entitled to a fractional share. Instead, shareholders who otherwise were
entitled to receive fractional shares because they held a number of Common Shares not evenly divisible by the ratio of the Reverse Stock
Split were automatically entitled to receive an additional Common Share. In other words, any fractional share will be rounded up to the
nearest whole number. 

While the Company has effected the Reverse Stock Split, there can be
no assurances, however, that we will be successful in regaining compliance with the continued listing requirements, including the Minimum
Bid Price Rule, and maintaining the listing of our Common Shares on Nasdaq. Delisting from Nasdaq could materially and adversely affect
our ability to raise additional financing through the public or private sale of equity securities, would significantly affect the ability
of investors to trade our securities and would negatively affect the value and liquidity of our securities, including our Common Shares.
The actual or threatened delisting of our securities could also have other material and adverse consequences, including the potential
loss of confidence by employees and other stakeholders, the loss of institutional investor interest and fewer business development opportunities,
limited availability of market quotations for our securities, reduced liquidity with respect to our securities, a determination that our
Common Shares is penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our Common Shares to adhere to more stringent rules,
possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our Common Shares, and limited amount of
news and analyst coverage of the Company. To the extent that our Common Shares became eligible to trade on the OTC Bulletin Board, another
over-the-counter quotation system, or on the pink sheets, an investor may find it more difficult to dispose of their Common Shares or
obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our Common Shares. All Common Shares, stock options, warrants and per share information
for all periods presented in the have been adjusted retrospectively to reflect this Reverse Stock Split. 

Renewal of ATM Program 

As previously reported by the Company on the Company s
Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 28, 2024, on June 27, 2024, the Company entered into an amendment (the ATM Amendment to its At-the-Market Offering Agreement, dated April 7, 2022 (the Original ATM Agreement and together with the ATM Amendment,
the Amended ATM Agreement ), by and between the Company and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC (the Agent ), as
sales agent, pursuant to which the Company may offer and sell shares of our Common Shares, from time to time, in at the market 
offerings through the Agent. The Original ATM Agreement was previously filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on April 7, 2022
on the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K. The ATM Amendment amends the Original ATM Agreement to reflect, among other provisions,
updates to certain sales settlement provisions and reimbursement terms, and to supplement the representations being made by the Company
to the Agent. Our Common Shares sold under the Amended ATM Agreement will be offered and sold pursuant to the Company s shelf registration
statement on Form S-3, which was initially filed on February 4, 2022 and amended on February 9, 2022, and was declared effective by the
SEC on February 11, 2022. The foregoing description of the terms of the ATM Amendment does not purport to be complete and is qualified
in its entirety by reference to the full text of the ATM Amendment. 

Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Company
issued 1,021,305 Common Shares for gross proceeds of 365,473, pursuant to the terms of the Amended ATM Agreement. 

22 

Advancements to the INM-901 program 

July 30, 2024 we announced positive results
from initial data sets from a long-term (7 months of dosing) in vivo preclinical Alzheimer s Disease AD study of
INM-901 which confirms previously reported findings from a short-term (3 months of dosing) pilot study. All assessments of the INM-901-treated
AD groups showed a positive trend towards behavior similar to the untreated disease-free group, with most assessments demonstrating a
clear dose response. Furthermore, INM-901-treated AD groups achieved a statistically significant improvement in certain behavior criteria
in comparison to the placebo-treated AD groups. These results not only supported but, in several instances, improved upon the prior short-term
pilot study outcomes. 

August 20, 2024 we announced the confirmation
of INM-901 as an oral formulation that will be utilized in its development programs for Alzheimer s disease. Recent preclinical
studies have demonstrated that INM-901 can be administered orally and achieve therapeutic levels in the brain comparable to those obtained
through intraperitoneal IP injection, which is a common route of administration for preclinical investigation of neurodegenerative
diseases. The data indicates the INM-901 formulation can be administered orally and maintains a similar drug exposure levels as IP delivery
over a 24-hour period in the brain. This oral delivery method offers potential advantages such as reduction in treatment delivery costs
versus intravenous delivery of current disease modifying large molecule antibody therapies. 

Additional Preclinical Data for INM-901 s
Pharmacological Effects 

Components of Results of Operations 

Revenue 

Our revenue consists of manufacturing and distribution
sales of bulk rare cannabinoid Products, which are generally recognized at a point in time. The Company recognizes revenue when control
over the products have been transferred to the customer and the Company has a present right to payment. 

Cost of Sales 

Cost of sales consists primarily of the purchase
price of goods and cost of services rendered, freight costs, warehousing costs, and purchasing costs. Cost of sales also includes production
and labor costs for our manufacturing business. 

Operating Expenses 

Research and Development and Patent Expenses 

Research and development and patent expenses represent
costs incurred by us for the discovery, development, and manufacture of our Products and Product Candidates, and include: 

external research and development expenses incurred under agreements with contract research organizations CROs ), CDMOs and consultants; 

salaries, payroll taxes, employee benefits expenses for individuals involved in research and development efforts; 

research supplies; and 

legal and patent office fees related to patent and intellectual property matters. 

23 

We expense research and development costs as incurred.
We recognize expenses for certain development activities, such as preclinical studies and manufacturing, based on an evaluation of the
progress to completion of specific tasks using data or other information provided to us by our vendors. Payments for these activities
are based on the terms of the individual agreements, which may differ from the pattern of expenses incurred. Non-refundable advance payments
for goods or services to be received in the future for use in research and development activities are recorded as prepaid expenses. These
amounts are recognized as an expense as the goods are delivered or the related services are performed, or until it is no longer expected
that the goods will be delivered, or the services rendered. 

External costs represent a significant portion
of our research and development expenses, which we track on a program-by-program basis following the nomination of a development candidate.
Our internal research and development expenses consist primarily of personnel-related expenses, including salaries, benefits and stock-based
compensation expenses. We do not track our internal research and development expenses on a program-by-program basis as the resources are
deployed across multiple projects. 

The successful development of our Products and
Product Candidates is highly uncertain. At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate or know the nature, timing, and estimated costs of
the efforts that will be necessary to complete the remainder of the development of our Product Candidates or to develop and commercialize
additional Products. We are also unable to predict when, if ever, material net cash inflows will commence from our Product Candidates,
if approved. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with development, including the uncertainty related to: 

the timing and progress of preclinical and clinical development activities; 

the number and scope of preclinical and clinical programs we decide to pursue; 

our ability to raise additional funds necessary to complete preclinical and clinical development and commercialization of our Product Candidates, to further advance the development of our manufacturing technologies, and to develop and commercialize additional Products, if any; 

our ability to maintain our current research and development programs and to establish new ones; 

our ability to establish sales, licensing or collaboration arrangements; 

the progress of the development efforts of parties with whom we may enter into collaboration arrangements; 

the successful initiation and completion of clinical trials with safety, tolerability and efficacy profiles that are satisfactory to the FDA or any comparable foreign regulatory authority; 

the receipt and related terms of regulatory approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; 

the availability of materials for use in production of our Products and Product Candidates; 

our ability to secure manufacturing supply through relationships with third parties or establish and operate a manufacturing facility; 

our ability to consistently manufacture our Product Candidates in quantities sufficient for use in clinical trials; 

our ability to obtain and maintain intellectual property protection and regulatory exclusivity, both in the United States and internationally; 

our ability to maintain, enforce, defend and protect our rights in our intellectual property portfolio; 

24 

the commercialization of our Product Candidates, if and when approved, and of new Products; 

our ability to obtain and maintain third-party payor coverage and adequate reimbursement for our Product Candidates, if approved; 

the acceptance of our Product Candidates, if approved, by patients, the medical community and third-party payors; 

competition with other products; and 

a continued acceptable safety profile of our Product Candidates following receipt of any regulatory approvals. 

A change in the outcome of any of these variables
with respect to the development of any of our Products or Product Candidates would significantly change the costs and timing associated
with the development of those Products or Product Candidates. 

Research and development activities account for a significant portion
of our operating expenses. Research and development expenses decreased in our three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to our
three months ended September 30, 2023, largely due to high costs associated with our INM-755 program during the prior year. However, we
expect our research and development expenses to increase significantly in future periods as we continue to implement our business strategy,
which includes advancing our drug candidates and our manufacturing technologies into and through clinical development, expanding our research
and development efforts, including hiring additional personnel to support our research and development efforts, ultimately seeking regulatory
approvals for our drug candidates that successfully complete clinical trials, and further developing selected research and development
and commercial BayMedica activities. In addition, drug candidates in later stages of clinical development generally incur higher development
costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later-stage clinical trials.
Accordingly, although we expect our research and development expenses to increase as our drug candidates advance into later stages of
clinical development, we do not believe that it is possible, at this time, to accurately project total program-specific expenses through
to commercialization. There are numerous factors associated with the successful commercialization of any of our Product Candidates, including
future trial design and various regulatory requirements, many of which cannot be determined with accuracy at this time based on our stage
of development. 

General and Administrative Expenses 

General and administrative expenses consist of
personnel-related costs, including salaries, benefits and stock-based compensation expense, for our personnel in executive, finance and
accounting, human resources, business operations and other administrative functions, investor relations activities, legal fees related
to corporate matters, fees paid for accounting and tax services, consulting fees and facility-related costs. 

Amortization and Depreciation 

Intangible assets are comprised of intellectual
property that we acquired in 2014 and 2015 and trade secrets, product formulation knowledge, patents that we acquired in October 2021.
The acquired intellectual property and patents are amortized on a straight-line basis based on their estimated useful lives. Equipment
and leasehold improvements are depreciated using the straight-line method based on their estimated useful lives. 

Share-based Payments 

Share-based payments is the stock-based compensation
expense related to our granting of stock options to employees and others. The fair value, at the grant date, of equity-settled share awards
is charged to our loss over the period for which the benefits of employees and others providing similar services are expected to be received.
The vesting components of graded vesting employee awards are measured separately and expensed over the related tranche s vesting
period. The amount recognized as an expense is adjusted to reflect the number of share options expected to vest. The fair value of awards
is calculated using the Black-Scholes option pricing model, which considers the exercise price, current market price of the underlying
shares, expected life of the award, risk-free interest rate, expected volatility and the dividend yield. 

25 

Other Income 

Other income consists primarily of interest income
earned on our cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments. 

Results of Operations 

The Company has two operating and reportable segments based on the
management approach which designates the internal reporting used by the CODM, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and the senior
management team, for making decisions and assessing performance as the source of the Company s reportable segments. The CODM allocates
resources and assesses the performance of each operating segment based on potential licensing opportunities, historical and potential
future product sales, operating expenses, and operating income (loss) before interest and taxes. The Company has determined its reportable
segments to be InMed Pharma and BayMedica Commercial based on the information used by the CODM. 

Comparison of the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 for InMed Segment 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

(in thousands) 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development and patents 
 763 
 1,271 
 (508 
 (40 
 
 General and administrative 
 1,238 
 1,064 
 174 
 16 
 
 Amortization and depreciation 
 54 
 54 
 - 
 - 
 
 Foreign exchange (gain) loss 
 (19 
 48 
 (67 
 (140 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 2,036 
 2,437 
 (401 
 (16 
 
 Interest and other income 
 57 
 136 
 (79 
 (58 
 
 Net loss 
 (1,979 
 (2,301 
 322 
 (14 

Research and Development and Patents Expenses 

Research and development and patents expenses decreased by 508,000
in our InMed Pharma segment, or 40 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2023. The decrease in research and development and patents expenses was due primarily to a decrease in external contractors,
patent fees, and compensation. This was offset by an increase in research supplies. However, we expect our research and development expenses
to increase significantly in future periods as we move closer towards clinical trials which will result in higher costs related studies,
drug supplies, and increased regulatory requirements, as we continue to implement our business strategy. 

General and administrative expenses 

General and administrative expenses increased
by 174,000 in our InMed Pharma segment, or 16 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three
months ended September 30, 2023. The increase results primarily from a combination of changes including higher investor relation expenses,
personnel expenses, consulting fees, accounting fees, and legal. This was offset by a decrease in lower office and administrative expenses 

Foreign exchange loss 

The Company s functional currency is the
US dollar and our foreign exchange loss is predominantly due to transactions with foreign currency. Foreign exchange loss decreased by
 67,000 in our InMed Pharma segment, or 140 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months
ended September 30, 2023, as a consequence of holding non-US denominated assets and liabilities combined with fluctuations in foreign
exchange rates. 

26 

Comparison of the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 for the BayMedica Commercial Segment 

Three Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 

(in thousands) 

Sales 
 1,265 
 902 
 363 
 40 
 
 Cost of sales 
 771 
 881 
 (110 
 (12 
 
 Gross profit 
 494 
 21 
 473 
 2252 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development and patents 
 8 
 21 
 (13 
 (62 
 
 General and administrative 
 184 
 235 
 (51 
 (22 
 
 Amortization and depreciation 
 1 
 1 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 193 
 257 
 (64 
 (25 
 
 Tax expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net Income 
 301 
 (236 
 537 
 (228 

Sales 

Sales increased by 363,000 in our BayMedica
Commercial segment, or 40 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30,
2023. The increase in sales results from expanded marketing efforts and increased demand in certain cannabinoid products. BayMedica will
continue to evaluate opportunities for potential structured supply arrangements and collaborations for the commercial business. Sales
and marketing efforts will remain focused on products that contribute highest margins, where BayMedica continues to hold a strong competitive
position. 

Cost of Sales 

Cost of goods sold decreased by 110,000 in our
 BayMedica Commercial segment, or 12 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended
September 30, 2023. The decrease in cost of goods sold is primarily the result of decrease in write-down of inventories to net realizable
value. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Since
our inception, we have incurred significant operating losses, generated limited revenue from product sales, and no sales from any
other sources, and have negative cash flows from our operations. We have not yet commercialized any of our Product Candidates and we
do not expect to generate revenue from sales of any Product Candidates for several years, if at all. We have funded our operations
to date primarily with proceeds from the sale of our Common Shares. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents
and short-term investments of 5.6 million. 

The following table summarizes our cash flows
for each of the periods presented: 

(in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Net cash (used in) operating activities 
 (1,826 
 (2,174 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 838 
 - 
 
 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 
 (988 
 (2,174 

27 

Operating Activities 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we used cash in operating activities of 1.8 million, primarily resulting from our net loss of 1.7 million combined with 328,000 used
in changes in our non-cash working capital, partially offset by non-cash share-based compensation expenses and inventory write-down. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2023,
we used cash in operating activities of 2.2 million, primarily resulting from our net loss of 2.5 million combined with changes in our
working capital and non-cash expenses contributed to net cash used in operating activities. 

Investing Activities 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
cash used in investing activities of 0 resulted from the purchases and sale of short-term investments. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2023,
cash used in investing activities of 0. 

Financing Activities 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
cash provided by financing activities of 838,000 consisted of 1.0 million in gross proceeds derived from the ATM, offset by total transaction
costs of 192,000. 

During the three months ended September 30, 2023,
cash provided by financing activities consisted of 0. 

Funding Requirements 

We expect our expenses to increase substantially
in connection with our ongoing research and development activities, particularly as we continue the research and development of and the
clinical trials for our Product Candidates. In addition, we expect to incur additional costs associated with operating as a US-listed
public company and associated with any required investment into BayMedica s research and development efforts targeting cannabinoid
analogs. As a result, we expect to incur substantial operating losses and negative operating cash flows for the foreseeable future. 

In accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosure of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) , we have evaluated whether there are conditions and events, considered in
the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the
date that the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. 

Through September 30, 2024, we funded our operations
primarily with proceeds from the sale of our Common Shares. We have incurred recurring losses and negative cash flows from operations
since its inception, including net losses of 1.7 million and 2.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively.
In addition, we have an accumulated deficit of 110.8 million as of September 30, 2024. 

As of the issuance date of the consolidated annual
financial statements, the Company expects its cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of 5.6 million as of September 30, 2024
will be sufficient to fund its operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements through the end of the first quarter of calendar
2025, depending on the level and timing of realizing BayMedica revenues from the sale of bulk rare cannabinoids in the health and wellness
sector, as well as the level and timing of Company operating expenses. The future viability of the Company is dependent on its ability
to raise additional capital to finance its operations. The Company has concluded that there is substantial doubt about its ability to
continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements are issued. 

We expect to continue to seek additional funding
through equity financings, debt financings or other capital sources, including collaborations with other companies, government contracts
or other strategic transactions. We may not be able to obtain financing on acceptable terms, or at all. The terms of any financing may
adversely affect the holdings or the rights of our existing shareholders. 

28 

Our funding requirements and timing and amount
of our operating expenditures will depend largely on: 

the scope, progress, results and costs of discovery research, preclinical development, laboratory testing and clinical trials for our Product Candidates; 

the scope, progress, results and costs of development of our manufacturing technologies; 

the number of and development requirements for other Products and Product Candidates that we pursue; 

the costs, timing and outcome of regulatory review of our Product Candidates; 

our ability to enter into contract manufacturing arrangements for supply of materials and manufacture of our Products and Product Candidates and the terms of such arrangements; 

the impact of any acquired, or in-licensed, externally developed product(s) and/or technologies; 

our ability to establish and maintain strategic collaborations, licensing or other arrangements, including sales arrangements, and the financial terms of such arrangements; 

the sales, costs and timing of future commercialization activities, including product manufacturing, sales, marketing and distribution, for any of our Products and for Product Candidates for which we may receive marketing approval; 

the costs and timing of preparing, filing and prosecuting patent applications, maintaining and enforcing our intellectual property and proprietary rights and defending any intellectual property- related claims; 

expansion costs of our operational, financial and management systems and increases to our personnel, including personnel to support our clinical development, manufacturing and commercialization efforts and our operations as a dual listed company; 

the costs to obtain, maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; and 

the level and timing of realizing revenues from the BayMedica commercial operations. 

A change in the outcome of any of these, or other
variables with respect to the development of any of our Products and Product Candidates, could significantly change the costs and timing
associated with their development. We will need to continue to rely on additional financing to achieve our business objectives. 

In addition to the variables described above,
if and when any of our Product Candidates successfully complete development, we will incur substantial additional costs associated with
regulatory filings, marketing approval, post-marketing requirements, maintaining our intellectual property rights, and regulatory protection,
in addition to other commercial costs. We cannot reasonably estimate these costs at this time. 

Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial
revenues from either our Products or Product Candidates, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity or debt financings
and collaboration arrangements. We currently have no credit facility or committed sources of capital. To the extent that we raise additional
capital through the future sale of equity securities, the ownership interests of our shareholders will be diluted, and the terms of these
securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our existing common shareholders. If we raise
additional funds through the issuance of debt securities, these securities could contain covenants that would restrict our operations.
We may require additional capital beyond our currently anticipated amounts, and additional capital may not be available on reasonable
terms, or at all. If we raise additional funds through collaboration arrangements or other strategic transactions in the future, we may
have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, Products or Product Candidates, or grant licenses on terms
that may not be favorable to us. If we are unable to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings when needed, we may be required
to delay, limit, reduce or terminate development or future commercialization efforts or grant rights to develop and market Products or
Product Candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. 

29 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

During the periods presented, we did not have,
and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations promulgated by the SEC. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant
Judgments and Estimates 

Our significant accounting policies are described
in Note 2 of the Financial Statements. The estimates will require us to rely upon assumptions that were highly uncertain at the time the
accounting estimates are made, and changes in them are reasonably likely to occur from period to period. Changes in estimates used in
these and other items could have a material impact on our financial statements in the future. Our estimates will be based on our experience
and our interpretation of economic, political, regulatory, and other factors that affect our business prospects. Actual results may differ
significantly from our estimates. For detailed information regarding our critical accounting policies and estimates, see our financial
statements and notes thereto included in this Report and in our 2024 Annual Report. There have been no material changes to our critical
accounting policies and estimates from those disclosed in our 2024 Annual Report. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and, as such, are not required to provide the information under this Item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our
principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as
of September 30, 2024. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the
Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by
a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time
periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act
is accumulated and communicated to its management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating
the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as
of September 30, 2024, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure
controls and procedures were effective. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the three-month period
ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial
reporting. 

30 

PART II 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

We are not presently involved in any active legal
proceedings that we believe to be material to the Company. However, from time to time, we may be subject to various pending or threatened
legal actions, claims and proceedings, including those that arise in the ordinary course of our business (including, but not limited to,
the matters discussed in Note 11 of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report). 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

Reference is made to Part I, Item 1A, Risk
Factors included in the 2024 Annual Report for information concerning risk factors, which should be read in conjunction with the
factors set forth in Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements of this Report. There have been no
material changes with respect to the risk factors disclosed in our 2024 Annual Report, except as set forth below. You should carefully
consider such factors in the 2024 Annual Report, and below, which could materially affect our business, financial condition or future
results. The risks described in the 2024 Annual Report and below, are not exhaustive and therefore, there are additional risks facing
the Company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially
and adversely affect our business, financial condition and/or operating results. 

Any actual or threatened
delisting of our securities by Nasdaq could have a material and adverse effect on our business, operations and financial condition, and
could, among other things, limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading
restrictions. 

As
previously reported by the Company, on March 19, 2024, the Company received written notification from the Listing Qualifications Department
of Nasdaq that the Company has been granted an additional 180-day compliance period, or until September 16, 2024 (the Extended
Compliance Period ), to regain compliance with Nasdaq s minimum bid price requirement for the continued listing on Nasdaq,
as set forth in Nasdaq Listing Rule 5550(a)(2) (the Minimum Bid Price Rule ). Nasdaq s determination was based on the
Company meeting the continued listing requirement for market value of publicly held shares and all other applicable requirements for initial
listing on Nasdaq, with the exception of the bid price requirement, and the Company s written notice of its intention to consider
all available options to regain compliance during the Extended Compliance Period, including, if necessary, effecting a reverse stock split.
The Company was unable to regain compliance during the Extended Compliance Period and on September 17, 2024, the Company received an additional
notification from the Listing Qualifications Department stating that due to the deficiency, the Company s securities would be delisted
from Nasdaq on September 26, 2024, unless the Company appealed Nasdaq s determination to a Hearings Panel (the Panel ).
A hearing request would stay the suspension of the Company s securities pending the Panel s discussion. On September 17, 2024,
the Company submitted the hearing request to appeal (the Appeal Request Nasdaq s determination before the Panel. 

On November 14, 2024, the Company effected a reverse
stock split of the Common Shares at a ratio of 20-to-1 (the Reverse Stock Split ). Trading of the Common Shares on Nasdaq
on a split-adjusted basis began as of November 14, 2024. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every twenty shares of Common Shares
were combined into one Common Share, and the total number of Common Shares outstanding were reduced from approximately 14,361,550 Common
Shares to approximately 718,032 Common Shares. No fractional Common Shares were issued if, as a result of the Reverse Stock Split, a registered
shareholder would otherwise become entitled to a fractional share. Instead, shareholders who otherwise were entitled to receive fractional
Common Shares because they held a number of Common Shares not evenly divisible by the ratio of the Reverse Stock Split were automatically
entitled to receive an additional Common Share. In other words, any fractional share will be rounded up to the nearest whole number. 

31 

While
the Company has effected the Reverse Stock Split, there can be no assurances, however, that we will be successful in regaining compliance
with the continued listing requirements and maintaining the listing of our Common Shares on Nasdaq. Delisting from Nasdaq could materially
and adversely affect our ability to raise additional financing through the public or private sale of equity securities, would significantly
affect the ability of investors to trade our securities and would negatively affect the value and liquidity of our securities, including
our Common Shares. The actual or threatened delisting of our securities could also have other material and adverse consequences, including
the potential loss of confidence by employees and other stakeholders, the loss of institutional investor interest and fewer business development
opportunities, limited availability of market quotations for our securities, reduced liquidity with respect to our securities, a determination
that our Common Shares is penny stock, which will require brokers trading in shares of our Common Shares to adhere to more
stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our Common Shares, and
limited amount of news and analyst coverage of the Company. To the extent that our Common Shares became eligible to trade on the OTC Bulletin
Board, another over-the-counter quotation system, or on the pink sheets, an investor may find it more difficult to dispose of their Common
Shares or obtain accurate quotations as to the market value of our Common Shares. 

Furthermore,
the National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our Common Shares are currently listed
on Nasdaq, such securities will be deemed covered securities. Although the states will be preempted from regulating the sale of our securities,
the federal statute does allow states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud and, if there is a finding of fraudulent
activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. Additionally, if we were no longer
listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulations in each state in which we offer
our securities. 

The Reverse Stock Split may not increase
the price of our Common Shares and have the desired effect of maintaining compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Rule. 

While
the Company s Board of Directors expects that the Reverse Stock Split will sufficiently increase the market price of our Common
Shares so that we are able to regain and maintain compliance with the Minimum Bid Price Rule and the Nasdaq Listing Rules more generally,
the effect of the Reverse Stock Split upon the market price of our Common Shares cannot be predicted with any certainty, and the history
of similar reverse stock splits for companies in like circumstances is varied. The price per share of our Common Shares may not reflect
the exchange ratio implemented by the Company s Board of Directors and the price per share following the effective time of the reverse
stock split may not be maintained for any period of time following the Reverse Stock Split. Under applicable Nasdaq rules, to regain compliance
with the 1.00 minimum closing bid price requirement and maintain our listing on Nasdaq, the 1.00 closing bid price must be maintained
for a minimum of ten consecutive trading days. Accordingly, the Company cannot assure you that we will be able to maintain our Nasdaq
listing, even though the Reverse Stock Split has been made effected, or that the market price per share will exceed or remain in excess
of the 1.00 minimum bid price for a sustained period of time. 

We continue to monitor the
Company s Common Shares price, however, it is possible that the per share price of our Common Shares will not rise in proportion
to the reduction in the number of shares of our Common Shares outstanding resulting from the Reverse Stock Split, and the market price
per post-Reverse Stock Split share may not exceed or remain in excess of the 1.00 minimum bid price for a sustained period of time, and
the Reverse Stock Split may not result in a per share price that would attract brokers and investors who do not trade in lower priced
stocks. Notwithstanding the effectiveness of the Reverse Stock Split, the market price of our Common Shares may decrease due to factors
unrelated to the Reverse Stock Split, and the market price of our Common Shares may also be based on other factors which may be unrelated
to the number of Common Shares outstanding, including our future performance. If the trading price of our Common Shares declines, the
percentage decline as an absolute number and as a percentage of our overall market capitalization may be greater than would occur in the
absence of the Reverse Stock Split. 

The Reverse Stock Split may decrease the
liquidity of our Common Shares. 

The liquidity of our Common Shares may be harmed
by the Reverse Stock Split effected by the Company on November 14, 2024 given the reduced number of Common Shares that are outstanding
after the Reverse Stock Split, particularly if the Common Share price does not increase as a result of the Reverse Stock Split. In addition,
investors might consider the increased proportion of unissued authorized shares of Common Shares to issued shares to have an anti-takeover
effect under certain circumstances, because the proportion allows for dilutive issuances which could prevent certain shareholders from
changing the composition of the Board of Directors or render tender offers for a combination with another entity more difficult to successfully
complete. The Board of Directors does not intend for the Reverse Stock Split to have any anti-takeover effects. 

32 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS. 

None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES. 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURE. 

None 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION. 

Rule 10b5-1 Plan and Non-Rule 10b5-1 Trading
Arrangement Adoptions, Terminations, and Modifications 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
none of our directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) or a Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation
S-K. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. 

Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of this
report: 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith. 

33 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 , the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

INMED PHARMACEUTICALS INC. 

(Registrant) 

Dated: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Netta Jagpal 

Chief Financial Officer 

34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021977401ex31-1_inmed.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Eric A. Adams, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Eric A. Adams 

Name: 
 Eric A. Adams 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021977401ex31-2_inmed.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

I, Netta Jagpal, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Netta Jagpal 

Name: 
 Netta Jagpal 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021977401ex32-1_inmed.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Eric A. Adams, the President and Chief Executive Officer
of InMed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify that, to my knowledge: 

1. The
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of the Company fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Eric A. Adams 

Name: 
 Eric A. Adams 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021977401ex32-2_inmed.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification Pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Netta Jagpal, the Chief Financial Officer of InMed Pharmaceuticals
Inc. (the Company ), hereby certify that, to my knowledge: 

1. The
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of the Company fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Netta Jagpal 

Name: 
 Netta Jagpal 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 inm-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 inm-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 inm-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 inm-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 inm-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

