<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241104_10-Q_edgar_data_934612_0000934612-24-000015.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3170267</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>45947</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>706254</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>947589</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>739821</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>678374</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000934612-24-000015.hdr.sgml : 20241104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241104080438
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000934612-24-000015
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000934612
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RAILROADS, LINE-HAUL OPERATING [4011]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				271754839
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11535
		FILM NUMBER:		241420803

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2650 LOU MENK DR
		CITY:			FT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76131-2830
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8007952673

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2650 LOU MENK DRIVE
		CITY:			FORT WORTH
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			76131-2830

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19951122

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTE FE CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950913

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BNSF CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19941223

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000934612-24-000015.txt : 20241104

10-Q
 1
 bni-20240930.htm
 10-Q

bni-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ___________TO __________ 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 -2830 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None None None Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Limited Liability Company Membership Interest 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 
 Registrant meets the conditions set forth in General Instruction H (1) (a) and (b) of Form 10-Q and is therefore filing this Form 10-Q with the reduced disclosure format permitted by General Instruction H (2). 

Table of Contents 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION PAGE Item 1 . 
 Financial Statements 
 3 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Narrative Analysis of Results of Operations 
 14 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 17 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 18 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 18 
 Signatures 
 S- 1 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC and SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Operating expenses: Compensation and benefits Fuel Depreciation and amortization Purchased services Equipment rents Materials and other Total operating expenses Operating income Interest expense Other (income) expense, net ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC and SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income: Change in pension and retiree health and welfare benefits, net of tax ) ) ) ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) of equity method investees ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC and SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Materials and supplies Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Goodwill Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable and other current liabilities Long-term debt and finance leases due within one year Total current liabilities Long-term debt and finance leases Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Casualty and environmental liabilities Pension and retiree health and welfare liability Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 6) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC and SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes Other, net ) ) Changes in current assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net Materials and supplies ) Other current assets Accounts payable and other current liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing Activities Capital expenditures excluding equipment ) ) Acquisition of equipment ) ) Purchases of investments and investments in time deposits ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Payments on long-term debt and finance leases ) ) Cash distributions ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents: Beginning of period End of period Supplemental Cash Flow Information Interest paid, net of amounts capitalized Capital investments accrued but not yet paid Income taxes paid, net of refunds 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC and SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (In millions) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Member s Equity Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Balance as of December 31, 2022 Comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 Cash distributions ) ) Comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 Comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 

Balance as of December 31, 2023 Cash distributions ) ) Comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 Cash distributions ) ) Comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 Cash distributions ) ) Comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 See accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements . 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC and SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

1. 
 percent of the outstanding shares of Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation common stock that it did not already own. The acquisition was completed through the merger of a Berkshire wholly-owned merger subsidiary and Burlington Northern Santa Fe Corporation with the surviving entity renamed Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC. Earnings per share data is not presented because BNSF has only holder of its membership interests. 
 
 The results of operations for any interim period are not necessarily indicative of the results of operations to be expected for the entire year. In the opinion of management, the unaudited financial statements reflect all adjustments (consisting of only normal recurring adjustments, except as disclosed) necessary for the fair statement of BNSF s consolidated financial position as of September 30, 2024, and the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 

2. 
 Agricultural Products Industrial Products Coal Total freight revenues Non-rail logistics subsidiary Accessorial and other Total other revenues Total operating revenues 
 
 Contract assets and liabilities are immaterial. Receivables from contracts with customers is a component of accounts receivable, net on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, billion represented net receivables from contracts with customers. 
 
 Remaining performance obligations primarily consist of in-transit freight revenues, which will be recognized in the next reporting period. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, remaining performance obligations were million and million, respectively. 

3. 
 million and million, respectively, of such allowances had been recorded. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC and SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) - (Continued) 

 4. 

5. 
 billion of percent debentures due March 15, 2055. The net proceeds from the sale of the debentures will be used for general corporate purposes, which may include but are not limited to working capital, capital expenditures, repayment of outstanding indebtedness, and distributions. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, billion remained authorized by the Board of Directors to be issued through the debt shelf offering process. 
 
 The Registrant is required to maintain certain financial covenants in conjunction with million of certain issued and outstanding junior subordinated notes. As of September 30, 2024, the Registrant was in compliance with these financial covenants. 
 
 Fair Value of Debt Instruments 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the fair value of BNSF s debt, excluding finance leases, was billion and billion, respectively, while the book value as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was billion excluding finance leases. The fair value of BNSF s debt is primarily based on market value price models using observable market-based data for the same or similar issues, or on the estimated rates that would be offered to BNSF for debt of the same remaining maturities (Level 2 inputs). 

6. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC and SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) - (Continued) 

 Accruals / changes in estimates Payments ) ) Ending balance Current portion of ending balance 
 
 The amount recorded by the Company for the personal injury liability is based upon the best information currently available. Because of the uncertainty surrounding the ultimate outcome of personal injury claims, it is reasonably possible that future costs to resolve these claims may be different from the recorded amounts. The Company estimates that costs to resolve the liability may range from approximately million to million. 
 
 Although the final outcome of these personal injury matters cannot be predicted with certainty, it is the opinion of BNSF that none of these items, when finally resolved, will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or liquidity. However, the occurrence of a number of these items in the same period could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations in a particular quarter or fiscal year. 
 
 Environmental 
 
 BNSF is subject to extensive federal, state, and local environmental regulation. The Company s operating procedures include practices to protect the environment from the risks inherent in railroad operations, which frequently involve transporting chemicals and other hazardous materials. Additionally, many of BNSF s land holdings are or have been used for industrial or transportation-related purposes or leased to commercial or industrial companies whose activities may have resulted in discharges onto the property. Under federal (in particular, the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act) and state statutes, the Company may be held jointly and severally liable for cleanup and enforcement costs associated with a particular site without regard to fault or the legality of the original conduct. The Company participates in the study, cleanup, or both of environmental contamination at approximately sites. 
 
 Environmental costs may include, but are not limited to, site investigations, remediation, and restoration. The liability is recorded when the expected loss is both probable and reasonably estimable and is undiscounted due to uncertainty of the timing of future payments. Expense accruals and adjustments are classified as materials and other in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 BNSF estimates the cost of cleanup efforts at its known environmental sites based on experience gained from cleanup efforts at similar sites, estimated percentage to closure ratios, possible remediation work plans, estimates of the costs and likelihood of each possible outcome, historical payment patterns, and benchmark patterns developed from data accumulated from industry and public sources. The Company monitors actual experience against expectations and records adjustments as new events or changes in estimates develop. 
 
 Accruals / changes in estimates Payments ) ) Ending balance Current portion of ending balance 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC and SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) - (Continued) 

 million to million. 
 
 Although the final outcome of these environmental matters cannot be predicted with certainty, it is the opinion of BNSF that none of these items, when finally resolved, will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or liquidity. However, the occurrence of a number of these items in the same period could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations in a particular quarter or fiscal year. 
 
 Other Claims and Litigation 
 
 In addition to personal injury and environmental matters, BNSF is a party to a number of other legal actions and claims, governmental proceedings, and private civil suits arising in the ordinary course of business, including those related to disputes and complaints involving certain transportation rates and charges. Some of the legal proceedings include claims for compensatory damages and may, from time to time, include requests for punitive damages or treatment of the claim as a class action. Although the final outcome of these matters cannot be predicted with certainty, it is the opinion of BNSF that none of these items, when finally resolved, will have a material adverse effect on the Company s financial position or liquidity. However, the occurrence of a number of these items in the same period could have a material adverse effect on the results of operations in a particular quarter or fiscal year. 
 
 On April 7, 2015, the Swinomish Indian Tribal Community (the Tribe) filed a legal case against BNSF Railway alleging that it breached an easement over the Tribe's reservation. On June 17, 2024, a judgement was entered against BNSF Railway in the amount of million, which it has appealed. While the ultimate resolution of this matter is subject to further developments, the Company does not believe that the outcome will have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or liquidity. 
 
 BNSF Insurance Company 
 
 BNSF has a consolidated, wholly-owned subsidiary, Burlington Northern Santa Fe Insurance Company, Ltd. (BNSFIC), that offers insurance coverage for certain risks including FELA, railroad protective and force account insurance, and property and excess general liability which are subject to reinsurance. BNSFIC has entered into annual reinsurance treaty agreements with several other companies. The treaty agreements insure workers compensation, general liability, auto liability, and FELA risk. In accordance with the agreements, BNSFIC cedes a portion of its FELA exposure through the treaties and assumes a proportionate share of the entire risk. Each year, BNSFIC reviews the objectives and performance of the treaties to determine its continued participation. The treaty agreements provide for certain protections against the risk of treaty participants non-performance. On an ongoing basis, BNSF and/or the treaty manager reviews the creditworthiness of each of the participants. The Company does not believe its exposure to treaty participants non-performance is material at this time. BNSFIC typically invests in time deposits, money market accounts, and treasury bills. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was million and million, respectively, related to these third-party investments, which were classified as cash and cash equivalents on the Company s Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC and SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) - (Continued) 

 7. 
 
 of compensation for the last of salaried employment with the Company. In 2019, the Registrant amended the BNSF Retirement Plan and the BNSF Supplemental Retirement Plan. Non-union employees hired on or after April 1, 2019 are not eligible to participate in these retirement plans and instead receive an additional employer contribution as part of the qualified 401(k) plan based on the employees age and years of service. Current plan participants are being transitioned away from the retirement plans and upon transition are eligible for the additional employer contribution. 
 
 BNSF Railway also provides a funded, noncontributory qualified pension plan which covers certain union employees of the former The Atchison, Topeka and Santa Fe Railway Company (Union Plan). The benefits under this pension plan are based on elections made at the time the plan was implemented. 
 
 With respect to the funded plans, the Registrant's funding policy is to contribute annually not less than the regulatory minimum and not more than the maximum amount deductible for income tax purposes. The BNSF Retirement Plan, the BNSF Supplemental Retirement Plan, and the Union Plan are collectively referred to herein as the Pension Plans. 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of net (gain) loss ) ) ) ) Net (benefit) cost recognized ) ) ) ) 
 
 Service cost is included in compensation and benefits expense and the other components of net periodic benefit costs are included in other (income) expense, net in the Consolidated Statements of Income. 

8. 
 
 billion and billion to Berkshire, respectively. The Company made tax payments of million and million during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, while during both periods the Company received tax refunds from Berkshire. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had a tax payable to Berkshire of million and a payable to Berkshire of million, respectively. 
 
 North American railroads pay TTX Company (TTX) car hire to use TTX s freight equipment to serve their customers. BNSF owns percent of TTX while other North American railroads own the remaining interest. As the Company possesses the ability to exercise significant influence, but not control, over the operating and financial policies of TTX, BNSF applies the equity method of accounting to its investment. The investment in TTX is recorded in other assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets, and equity income or losses are recorded in materials and other in the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company s investment in TTX was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company incurred car hire expenditures with TTX of million and million for the three-months and million and million for the nine-months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC and SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) - (Continued) 

 9. 
 Other comprehensive income (loss), net before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI: Amortization of actuarial (gains) losses a 
 ) ) Tax expense (benefit) Balance as of September 30, 2023 Balance as of December 31, 2023 Other comprehensive income (loss), net before reclassifications Amounts reclassified from AOCI: Amortization of actuarial (gains) losses a 
 ) ) Tax expense (benefit) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 a This accumulated other comprehensive income component is included in the computation of net periodic pension and retiree health and welfare costs (see Note 7 for additional details on pension costs). 

13 

Table of Contents 

Item 2. Management s Narrative Analysis of Results of Operations 
 
 Management s narrative analysis relates to the results of operations of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and its subsidiaries. The principal operating subsidiary of BNSF is BNSF Railway through which BNSF derives substantially all of its revenues. The following narrative analysis should be read in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and the accompanying notes. 
 
 The following narrative analysis of results of operations includes a brief discussion of the factors that materially affected the Company s operating results in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and a comparative analysis of the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Revenues Summary 
 
 The following tables present BNSF s revenue information by business group: 
 Revenues (in millions) Cars / Units (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Consumer Products 6,213 5,744 4,044 3,459 Agricultural Products 4,247 3,988 927 846 Industrial Products 4,236 4,285 1,197 1,212 Coal 2,168 2,897 878 1,105 Total freight revenues 16,864 16,914 7,046 6,622 Other revenues 439 780 Total operating revenues 17,303 17,694 
 
 Average Revenue Per Car / Unit Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Consumer Products 1,536 1,661 Agricultural Products 4,581 4,714 Industrial Products 3,539 3,535 Coal 2,469 2,622 Total freight revenues 2,393 2,554 
 
 Fuel Surcharges 
 
 Freight revenues include both revenue for transportation services and fuel surcharges. Where BNSF s fuel surcharge program is applied, it is intended to recover BNSF s incremental fuel costs when fuel prices exceed a threshold fuel price. Fuel surcharges are calculated differently depending on the type of commodity transported. BNSF has two standard fuel surcharge programs Percent of Revenue and Mileage-Based. In addition, in certain commodities, fuel surcharge is calculated using a fuel price from a time period that can be up to 60 days earlier. In a period of volatile fuel prices or changing customer business mix, changes in fuel expense and fuel surcharge may differ significantly. 
 
 The following table presents fuel surcharge and fuel expense information (in millions): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Fuel expense a 
 2,475 2,660 Fuel surcharges 1,663 1,937 
 a Fuel expense includes locomotive and non-locomotive fuel. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Revenues 
 
 Revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 17.3 billion, a decrease of 391 million, or 2 percent, as compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily due to a 6 percent decrease in average revenue per car / unit resulting from lower fuel surcharge revenue and business mix changes, partially offset by a 6 percent increase in unit volume. Operating earnings in 2024 increased compared to 2023 as a result of volume growth, improved productivity, and lower operating costs, partially offset by increased litigation accruals. Revenue amounts also included the following changes between periods: 
 
 Consumer Products volumes increased due to higher intermodal shipments from west coast imports and volumes from a new intermodal customer. 
 
 Agricultural Products volumes increased primarily due to higher grain shipments , renewable fuels, and fertilizer shipments. 
 
 Industrial Products volumes decreased primarily due to lower aggregates, taconite, minerals, and waste shipments, partially offset by higher volumes in petroleum products. 
 
 Coal volumes decreased primarily due to lower natural gas prices, which displaces coal as a fuel used by utilities. 
 
 Other revenues decreased primarily due to the sale of the brokerage operations of the Registrant's subsidiary, BNSF Logistics, LLC, during the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Expenses 
 
 Operating expenses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 11.7 billion, a decrease of 517 million, or 4 percent, as compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023. A significant portion of this decrease is due to the following changes in expenses: 
 
 Purchased services expense decreased primarily due to lower purchased transportation driven by the sale of brokerage operations of BNSF Logistics, LLC and lower purchased services expense from MRL. See Note 4 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information related to the MRL transaction. 
 
 Fuel expense decreased primarily due to lower average fuel prices, partially offset by higher volumes. 
 
 Materials and other expense decreased primarily due to cost reductions across various spend categories and lower property taxes. Expenses in 2024 also included increased litigation costs related to the judgment in the ongoing legal case with the Swinomish Tribe, which the Company has appealed. See Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further information related to this legal case. 
 
 There were no significant changes in compensation and benefits, depreciation and amortization, or equipment rents expense as increases from higher volumes and inflation were more than offset by lower costs and improved productivity. 
 
 The effective tax rate was 24.7 percent and 23.4 percent for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

Forward-Looking Information 
 
 To the extent that statements relate to the Company s future economic performance or business outlook, projections or expectations of financial or operational results, or refer to matters that are not historical facts, such statements are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. 
 
 Forward-looking statements involve a number of risks and uncertainties, and actual performance or results may differ materially. For a discussion of material risks and uncertainties that the Company faces, see the discussion in "Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors" of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 Economic and industry conditions: material adverse changes in economic or industry conditions, both in the United States and globally; inflation; volatility in the capital or credit markets including changes affecting the timely availability and cost of capital; changes in customer demand; effects of adverse economic conditions affecting shippers or BNSF s supplier base; effects due to more stringent regulatory policies such as the regulation of greenhouse gas emissions that could reduce the demand for coal or governmental tariffs or subsidies that could affect the demand for products BNSF hauls; the impact of low natural gas or oil prices on energy-related commodities demand; changes in environmental laws and other laws and regulations that could affect the demand for drilling products and products produced by drilling; changes in prices of fuel and other key materials, the impact of high barriers to entry for prospective new suppliers, and disruptions in supply chains for these materials; competition and consolidation within the transportation industry; and changes in crew availability, labor and benefits costs and labor difficulties, including stoppages affecting either BNSF s operations or customers abilities to deliver goods to BNSF for shipment. 
 
 Legal, legislative and regulatory factors: developments and changes in laws and regulations, including those affecting train operations, the marketing of services or regulatory restrictions on equipment; the ultimate outcome of shipper and rate claims subject to adjudication; claims, investigations, or litigation alleging violations of the antitrust laws; increased economic regulation of the rail industry through legislative action and revised rules and standards applied by the STB in various areas including rates and services; developments in environmental investigations or proceedings with respect to rail operations or current or past ownership or control of real property or properties owned by others impacted by BNSF operations; losses resulting from claims and litigation relating to personal injuries, asbestos, and other occupational diseases; the release of hazardous materials, environmental contamination, and damage to property; regulation, restrictions or caps, or other controls on transportation of energy-related commodities or other operating restrictions that could affect operations or increase costs; the availability of adequate insurance to cover the risks associated with operations; and changes in tax rates and tax laws. 
 
 Operating factors: changes in operating conditions and costs; operational and other difficulties with positive train control technology, including increased compliance or operational costs or penalties; restrictions on development and expansion plans due to environmental concerns; disruptions to BNSF s or third-party service providers' technology networks including computer systems and software, such as cybersecurity intrusions, unauthorized access to or misappropriation of assets or sensitive information, corruption of data or operational disruptions; network congestion, including effects of greater than anticipated demand for transportation services and equipment; as well as pandemics or natural events such as severe weather, fires, floods, and earthquakes or man-made or other disruptions of BNSF s or other railroads operating systems, structures, or equipment including the effects of acts of war or terrorism on the Company s system or other railroads systems or other links in the transportation chain. 
 
 The Registrant cautions against placing undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which reflect its current beliefs and are based on information currently available to it as of the date a forward-looking statement is made. The Registrant undertakes no obligation to revise forward-looking statements to reflect future events, changes in circumstances, or changes in beliefs. In the event the Registrant does update any forward-looking statement, no inference should be made that the Registrant will make additional updates with respect to that statement, related matters, or any other forward-looking statements. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that BNSF s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by BNSF in the reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to BNSF s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Additionally, as of the end of the period covered by this report, BNSF s principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded that there have been no changes in BNSF s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during BNSF s third fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, BNSF s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC and SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Berkshire Hathaway Inc. holds 100 of the membership interest of Registrant. Accordingly, during the third fiscal quarter ended , none of the Registrant's directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (in each case, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K) for the purchase or sale of Registrant's securities. 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Incorporated by Reference 
 (if applicable) 
 Exhibit Number and Description Form File Date File No. Exhibit 3.1 
 Certificate of Formation dated November 2, 2009. 
 8-K 2/16/2010 001-11535 3.1 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Limited Liability Operating Agreement of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC, dated February 12, 2010, as amended by the Written Consent of the Sole Member, dated April 8, 2010, as further amended by the Written Consent of the Sole Member, dated January 1, 2021, and as further amended by the Written Consent of the Sole Member, dated September 30, 2023. 
 10-K 2/26/2024 001-11535 3.2 4.1 
 Twenty-Eighth Supplemental Indenture, dated as of June 7, 2024, to Indenture dated as of December 1, 1995, between Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and The Bank of New York Mellon Trust Company, N.A., as Trustee. 
 8-K 6/7/2024 001-11535 4.1 4.2 
 Certificate of Determination as to the terms of BNSF's 5.500 Debentures due March 15, 2055. 
 8-K 6/7/2024 001-11535 4.2 31.1 
 Principal Executive Officer s Certifications Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Principal Financial Officer s Certifications Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002). 
 101 The following unaudited information from Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC s Form 10-Q for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL) includes: (i) the Cover Page, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iv) the Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (vi) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and (vii) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Certain instruments evidencing long-term indebtedness of BNSF are not being filed as exhibits to this report because the total amount of securities authorized under any single instrument does not exceed 10 percent of BNSF s total assets. BNSF will furnish copies of any material instruments upon request of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 __________________ 
 Filed herewith 
 18 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 BURLINGTON NORTHERN SANTA FE, LLC (Registrant) By: /s/ Paul W. Bischler Paul W. Bischler Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (On behalf of the Registrant and as principal financial officer) 
 
 Date: November 4, 2024 
 
 S-1 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 llc93024-ex311.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Principal Executive Officer s Certifications 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Kathryn M. Farmer, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 
 
 s Kathryn M. Farmer 
 Kathryn M. Farmer 
 President and 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 E-1 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 llc93024-ex312.htm
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Principal Financial Officer s Certifications 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Paul W. Bischler, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 
 
 s Paul W. Bischler 
 Paul W. Bischler 
 Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 E-2 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 llc93024-ex321.htm
 SECTION 906 CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 
 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 
 Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, Kathryn M. Farmer, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Paul W. Bischler, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to her his knowledge on the date hereof 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 
 s Kathryn M. Farmer s Paul W. Bischler Kathryn M. Farmer Paul W. Bischler President and Chief Executive Officer Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and will be retained by Burlington Northern Santa Fe, LLC and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 E-3 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bni-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 bni-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bni-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bni-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bni-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

