<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_48898_0001628280-24-044201.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10028092</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>123612</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2290028</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3680950</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1912712</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1819000</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-044201.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030080922
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-044201
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		97
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HUBBELL INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000048898
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRONIC COMPONENTS & ACCESSORIES [3670]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				060397030
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-02958
		FILM NUMBER:		241407522

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 WATERVIEW DR
		CITY:			SHELTON
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06484-1000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2037994100

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		40 WATERVIEW DR
		CITY:			SHELTON
		STATE:			CT
		ZIP:			06484-1000

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	HUBBELL HARVEY INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19860716

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-044201.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 hubb-20240930.htm
 10-Q

hubb-20240930 
 
 Back to Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15 (d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ______________ to ______________ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 ORPORATED 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 N/A (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report.) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standard provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 The number of shares outstanding of Hubbell common stock as of October 24, 2024 was . 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 1 

Back to Contents 

 Index 
 Table of Contents PART I 
 3 
 ITEM 1 
 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 ITEM 2 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 ITEM 3 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 
 ITEM 4 
 Controls and Procedures 
 48 
 PART II 
 49 
 ITEM 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 49 
 ITEM 2 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 49 
 ITEM 5 
 Other information 
 49 
 ITEM 6 
 Exhibits 
 50 
 Signatures 
 51 

HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 2 

Back to Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 Financial Statements 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions, except per share amounts) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Selling administrative expenses Operating income Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Loss on disposition of business ) Other expense, net ) ) ) ) Total other expense ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Net income attributable to Hubbell Incorporated Earnings per share: Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 See notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 3 

Back to Contents 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Defined benefit pension and post-retirement plans, net of taxes of ) and ) 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on investments, net of taxes of ) and 
 ) Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges, net of taxes of and ) 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income attributable to Hubbell Incorporated 
 See notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) Defined benefit pension and post-retirement plans, net of taxes of ) and ) 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on investments, net of taxes of ) and 
 ) Unrealized gain (loss) on cash flow hedges, net of taxes of ) and 
 ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income Less: Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income attributable to Hubbell Incorporated 
 See notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. s to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 See notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 4 

Back to Contents 

 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) 
 
 (in millions) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents 
 Short-term investments 
 Accounts receivable (net of allowances of and 
 Inventories, net 
 Other current assets Assets held for sale - current Total Current Assets Property, Plant, and Equipment, net Other Assets Investments Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other long-term assets Assets held for sale - non-current TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current Liabilities Short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt Accounts payable 
 Accrued salaries, wages and employee benefits 
 Accrued insurance 
 Other accrued liabilities 
 Liabilities held for sale - current Total Current Liabilities Long-Term Debt Other Non-Current Liabilities Liabilities held for sale - non-current TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) Noncontrolling interest TOTAL EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 See notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 5 

Back to Contents 

 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization 
 Deferred income taxes ) Stock-based compensation Provision for bad debt expense ) Loss on disposition of business Loss on sale of assets Changes in assets and liabilities, excluding effects of acquisitions: Increase in accounts receivable, net ) ) Increase in inventories, net ) ) (Decrease) increase in accounts payable ) Decrease in current liabilities ) ) Changes in other assets and liabilities, net Contribution to qualified defined benefit pension plans ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Proceeds from disposal of business, net of cash Purchases of available-for-sale investments ) ) Proceeds from available-for-sale investments Other, net Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Payment of long-term debt ) Borrowing (Payment) of short-term debt, net ) Payment of dividends ) ) Acquisition of common shares ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents within assets held for sale, beginning of year Restricted cash, included in other assets, beginning of year Less: Restricted cash, included in Other Assets Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 See notes to unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 6 

Back to Contents 

 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 

NOTE 1 

million and million was outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Either party may terminate the agreements with 30 days written notice. Cash flows under the program are reported in operating activities in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Invoices confirmed during the period Confirmed invoices paid during the period ) Confirmed obligations outstanding at the end of the period 

HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 7 

Back to Contents 

 days after the commercial card billing cycle. The Company receives the benefit of extended payment terms and a rebate from the financial institution. Either party may terminate the agreement with days written notice. The amount outstanding to the financial institution is presented as short-term debt in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet, of which, million and million was outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Cash flows under the program are reported in financing activities in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Invoices confirmed during the period Confirmed invoices paid during the period ) Confirmed obligations outstanding at the end of the period 

HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 8 

Back to Contents 

NOTE 2 
 million, net of cash acquired, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. EIG offers fully integrated energy management and power quality monitoring solutions for the electric utility and commercial and industrial markets. This business is reported in the Utility Solutions segment. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of Ind stria Eletromec nica Balestro Ltda. Balestro for a cash purchase price of approximately million, net of cash acquired, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. Balestro is a company headquartered in Mogi Mirim, S o Paulo, Brazil and designs, manufactures, and delivers top quality products for the electrical utility industry in Brazil and other countries in Latin America, as well as other parts of the world. This business is reported in the Utility Solutions segment. 
 
 In the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company acquired Northern Star Holdings, Inc. Systems Control for approximately billion, net of cash acquired, subject to customary purchase price adjustments. Systems Control is a manufacturer of substation control and relay panels, as well as turnkey substation control building solutions. This business is reported in the Utility Solutions segment. 
 Preliminary Allocation of Consideration Transferred to Net Assets Acquired 
 
 The following table presents the updated preliminary determination of the fair values of identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed from the Company's 2023 acquisitions. The final determination of the fair value of certain assets and liabilities will be completed within the applicable one year measurement period as required by FASB ASC Topic 805, Business Combinations. As the Company finalizes the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, additional purchase price adjustments may be recorded during the measurement period. Fair value estimates are based on a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties and rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. The judgments used to determine the estimated fair value assigned to each class of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, as well as asset lives, can materially impact the Company's results of operations and financial position. The finalization of the purchase accounting assessment may result in a change in the valuation of assets acquired and liabilities assumed and may have a material impact on the Company's results of operations and financial position. The purchase accounting for the EIG and Balestro acquisitions is complete. 
 
 Inventories Other current assets Property, plant and equipment Other non-current assets Intangible assets Accounts payable ) Other accrued liabilities ) Deferred tax liabilities, net ) Other non-current liabilities ) Goodwill Total Estimate of Consideration Transferred, Net of Cash Acquired 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 9 

Back to Contents 

 million, subject to customary adjustments. The Company concluded the business met the criteria for classification as held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2023. The residential lighting business was reported within the Electrical Solutions Segment. The transaction closed in the first quarter of 2024 and the Company recorded a pre-tax loss on the sale of million, which is recorded within Total other expense in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 
 Under the terms of the transaction, Hubbell and the buyer entered into a transition services agreement TSA ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to provide certain administrative and operational services for a period of 12 months or less. Income from the TSA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively, and was recorded in Other expense, net in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 Accounts receivable, net Inventories, net Other current assets Assets held for sale - current Property, Plant, and Equipment, net Goodwill Other Intangible assets, net Other long-term assets Assets held for sale - non-current Accounts payable Accrued salaries, wages and employee benefits Accrued insurance Other accrued liabilities Liabilities held for sale - current Other Non-Current Liabilities Liabilities held for sale - non-current 

HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 10 

Back to Contents 

 NOTE 3 
 
 percent of total annual consolidated net revenue and those service contracts and post-shipment obligations are primarily within the Utility Solutions segment. Revenue from service contracts and post-shipment performance obligations is recognized when or as those obligations are satisfied. The Company primarily offers assurance-type standard warranties that do not represent separate performance obligations and on occasion will separately offer and price extended warranties that are separate performance obligations for which the associated revenue is recognized over-time based on the extended warranty period. The Company records amounts billed to customers for reimbursement of shipping and handling costs within revenue. Shipping and handling costs associated with outbound freight after control over a product has transferred to a customer are accounted for as fulfillment costs and are included in cost of goods sold. Sales taxes and other usage-based taxes are excluded from revenue. 
 
 Certain of our businesses require a portion of the transaction price to be paid in advance of transfer of control. Advance payments are not considered a significant financing component as they are received less than one year before the related performance obligations are satisfied. In addition, in the Utility Solutions segment, certain businesses offer annual maintenance service contracts that require payment at the beginning of the contract period. These payments are treated as a contract liability and are classified in Other accrued liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Once control transfers to the customer and the Company meets the revenue recognition criteria, the deferred revenue is recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. The deferred revenue relating to the annual maintenance service contracts is recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income on a straight-line basis over the expected term of the contract. 
 
 Grid Automation Total Utility Solutions Electrical Products Industrial Retail and Builder Total Electrical Solutions TOTAL 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 11 

Back to Contents 

 International Total Utility Solutions United States International Total Electrical Solutions TOTAL 
 
 Contract Balances 
 
 Our contract liabilities consist of advance payments for products as well as deferred revenue on service obligations and extended warranties. Deferred revenue is included in Other accrued liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Contract liabilities were million as of September 30, 2024 compared to million as of December 31, 2023. The million increase in our contract liabilities balance was primarily due to a million net increase in current year deferrals primarily due to timing of advance payments on certain orders, partially offset by the recognition of million in revenue related to amounts that were recorded in contract liabilities at January 1, 2024. The ending balance of contract assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was million and million, respectively, with the decrease being driven by revenue recognized in excess of billings. Impairment losses recognized on our receivables and contract assets were immaterial for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Unsatisfied Performance Obligations 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately million of unsatisfied performance obligations for contracts with an original expected length of greater than one year, primarily relating to long-term contracts of the Utility Solutions segment to deliver and install meters, metering communications and grid monitoring sensor technology. The Company expects that a majority of the unsatisfied performance obligations will be completed and recognized over the next . 

HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 12 

Back to Contents 

 NOTE 4 

Electrical Solutions TOTAL Nine Months Ended September 30, Utility Solutions Electrical Solutions TOTAL 

HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 13 

Back to Contents 

 NOTE 5 
 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Subtotal Excess of FIFO over LIFO cost basis ) ) TOTAL 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 14 

Back to Contents 

 NOTE 6 

Prior year acquisitions (1) 
 ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 (1) Refer to Note 2 - Business Acquisitions for additional information. 
 
 ) ) Customer relationships, developed technology and other ) ) TOTAL DEFINITE-LIVED INTANGIBLES ) ) Indefinite-lived: Tradenames and other TOTAL OTHER INTANGIBLE ASSETS ) ) 
 
 Amortization expense associated with definite-lived intangible assets was million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Future amortization expense associated with these intangible assets is estimated to be million for the remainder of 2024, million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, million in 2028, and million in 2029. The Company amortizes intangible assets with definite lives using either an accelerated method that reflects the pattern in which economic benefits of the intangible assets are consumed and results in higher amortization in the earlier years of the assets' useful lives, or using a straight line method. Approximately of the gross value of definite-lived intangible assets follow an accelerated amortization method. 
 
 The organizational changes described in Note 3 - Revenue resulted in a change in the Company's reporting units within the Electrical Solutions segment. As a result of the change in reporting units, the Company performed an interim goodwill impairment assessment prior to the change, for the reporting units within the Electrical Solutions segment. Because the changes did not affect the Utility Solutions segment, no interim goodwill impairment assessment was required for that segment. 
 
 The Company elected to utilize the quantitative goodwill impairment testing process, as permitted in the accounting guidance, by comparing the estimated fair value of the reporting units to their carrying values. If the estimated fair value of a reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, no impairment exists. 
 
 Goodwill impairment testing requires judgment, including the identification of reporting units, assigning assets and liabilities to reporting units and determining the fair value of each reporting unit. Significant judgment is required to estimate the fair value of reporting units including estimating future cash flows, determining appropriate discount rates and other assumptions, including assumptions about secular economic and market conditions. The Company uses internal discounted cash flow models to estimate fair value. These cash flow estimates are derived from historical experience, third party end market data, and future long-term business plans and include assumptions of future sales growth, gross margin, operating margin, terminal growth rate, and the application of an appropriate discount rate. Significant changes in these estimates and assumptions could materially affect the determination of fair value and/or goodwill impairment for each reporting unit. The Company believes that its estimated aggregate fair value of its reporting units is reasonable when compared to the Company's market capitalization on the valuation date. 
 
 The impairment testing resulted in implied fair values for each reporting unit that significantly exceeded such reporting unit's carrying value, including goodwill. The Company did not have any reporting units with zero or negative carrying amounts. 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 15 

Back to Contents 

 NOTE 7 

Accrued income taxes Contract liabilities - deferred revenue Customer refund liability Accrued warranties short-term (1) 
 Current operating lease liabilities Other TOTAL 
 (1) Refer to Note 22 - Guarantees, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information regarding warranties. 

NOTE 8 

Other post-retirement benefits Deferred tax liabilities Accrued warranties long-term (1) 
 Non-current operating lease liabilities Other TOTAL 
 (1) Refer to Note 22 - Guarantees, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information regarding warranties. 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 16 

Back to Contents 

 NOTE 9 

) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Stock-based compensation Acquisition/surrender of common shares (1) 
 ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interest ) Directors deferred compensation BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income Stock-based compensation Acquisition/surrender of common shares (1) 
 ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interest ) Directors deferred compensation BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 ) 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 17 

Back to Contents 

 ) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income Stock-based compensation Acquisition/surrender of common shares (1) 
 ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interest ) Directors deferred compensation BALANCE AT JUNE 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Stock-based compensation Acquisition/surrender of common shares (1) 
 ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Dividends to noncontrolling interest ) Directors deferred compensation BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 ) 
 million and million in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively, reflects this accounting treatment. 
 
 The detailed components of total comprehensive income are presented in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income. 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 18 

Back to Contents 

NOTE 10 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Current period other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 ) ) ) ) 
 
 Net sales Cost of goods sold Other expense, net Total before tax ) ) Tax benefit (expense) Gain (loss) net of tax Amortization of defined benefit pension and post retirement benefit items: Prior-service costs (a) ) ) ) ) Actuarial gains (losses) (a) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Total before tax Tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) ) Gain (loss) net of tax Gains (losses) reclassified into earnings ) ) ) ) Gain (loss) net of tax 
 
 (a) These accumulated other comprehensive loss components are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost (see Note 12 - Pension and Other Benefits in the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details). 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 19 

Back to Contents 

 NOTE 11 

Less: Earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) ) ) Net income available to common shareholders Denominator: Average number of common shares outstanding Potential dilutive common shares Average number of diluted shares outstanding Earnings per share: Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 
 The Company did not have any significant anti-dilutive securities outstanding during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 20 

Back to Contents 

 NOTE 12 
 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of actuarial losses (gains) ) ) NET PERIODIC BENEFIT COST Nine Months Ended September 30, Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Amortization of actuarial losses (gains) ) ) NET PERIODIC BENEFIT COST 

Employer Contributions 
 
 contributions to its qualified domestic defined benefit pension plan and million in contributions to its foreign pension plans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Although not required by ERISA and the Internal Revenue Code, the Company may elect to make additional voluntary contributions to its qualified domestic defined benefit pension plan in 2024. 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 21 

Back to Contents 

 NOTE 13 

Provision Expenditures/payments/other ) ) BALANCE AT SEPTEMBER 30, (a) 
 
 (a) Refer to Note 7 Other Accrued Liabilities and Note 8 Other Non-Current Liabilities for a breakout of short-term and long-term warranties. 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 22 

Back to Contents 

 NOTE 14 
 
 million, net of allowances of million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our allowances decreased by approximately million. 
 Investments 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, of available-for-sale municipal debt securities. These investments had an amortized cost of million and million, respectively. allowance for credit losses related to our available-for-sale debt securities was recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or September 30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the unrealized losses attributable to our available-for-sale debt securities were million and million, respectively. The fair value of available-for-sale debt securities with unrealized losses was million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company also had trading securities of million at September 30, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023 that are carried on the balance sheet at fair value. Unrealized gains and losses associated with available-for-sale debt securities are reflected in Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of tax, while unrealized gains and losses associated with trading securities are reflected in the Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 
 Fair value measurements 
 
 Fair value is defined as the amount that would be received for selling an asset or paid to transfer a liability in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. The FASB fair value measurement guidance established a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs used to measure fair value. The three broad levels of the fair value hierarchy are as follows: 
 
 Level 1 Quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 
 
 Level 2 Quoted prices for similar assets and liabilities in active markets or inputs that are observable for the asset or liability, either directly or indirectly. 
 
 Level 3 Unobservable inputs for which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring a company to develop its own assumptions. 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 23 

Back to Contents 

 Available for sale investments Trading securities Deferred compensation plan liabilities ) ) Derivatives: Forward exchange contracts-(Liabilities) (b) 
 ) ) TOTAL Asset (Liability) Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Similar Assets (Level 2) Unobservable inputs for which little or no market data exists (Level 3) Total December 31, 2023 Money market funds (a) 
 Available for sale investments Trading securities Deferred compensation plan liabilities ) ) Derivatives: Forward exchange contracts-(Liabilities) (b) 
 ) ) TOTAL 
 (a) Money market funds are reflected in Cash and cash equivalents in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (b) Forward exchange contracts-(Liabilities) are reflected in Other accrued liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

The methods and assumptions used to estimate the Level 2 fair values were as follows: 
 
 Forward exchange contracts The fair value of forward exchange contracts was based on quoted forward foreign exchange prices at the reporting date. 
 
 Available-for-sale municipal bonds classified in Level 2 The fair value of available-for-sale investments in municipal bonds is based on observable market-based inputs, other than quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. 
 
 Deferred compensation plans 
 
 The Company offers certain employees the opportunity to participate in non-qualified deferred compensation plans. A participant s deferrals are invested in a variety of participant-directed debt and equity mutual funds that are classified as trading securities. The Company purchased million and million of trading securities related to these deferred compensation plans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. As a result of participant distributions, the Company sold million of these trading securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The unrealized gains and losses associated with these trading securities are directly offset by the changes in the fair value of the underlying deferred compensation plan obligation. 
 
 Long Term Debt 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the carrying value of long-term debt, net of unamortized discount and debt issuance costs, including the million and million, respectively, current portion of the term loan, was million and million, respectively. The estimated fair value of the long-term debt as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, respectively, using quoted market prices in active markets for similar liabilities (Level 2). 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 24 

Back to Contents 

NOTE 15 

HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 25 

Back to Contents 

 NOTE 16 

Electrical Solutions Total Pre-Tax Restructuring Costs 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of goods sold Selling administrative expense Total Utility Solutions Electrical Solutions Total Pre-Tax Restructuring Costs 
 
 ) Asset write-downs Facility closure and other costs ) Total 2024 Restructuring Actions ) 2023 and Prior Restructuring Actions Severance ) Asset write-downs Facility closure and other costs ) Total 2023 and Prior Restructuring Actions ) Total Restructuring Actions ) 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 26 

Back to Contents 

 Electrical Solutions Total 2024 Restructuring Actions 2023 and Prior Restructuring Actions Utility Solutions Electrical Solutions Total 2023 and Prior Restructuring Actions Total Restructuring Actions 

NOTE 17 

2026 Senior notes at 
 2027 Senior notes at 
 2028 Senior notes at 
 2031 Term loan, net of current portion of million and million, respectively 
 2026 TOTAL LONG-TERM DEBT (a) 

Term Loan Agreement 
 
 In connection with the December 2023 acquisition of Systems Control, the Company entered into a term loan agreement (the Term Loan Agreement with a syndicate of lenders under which the Company borrowed million on an unsecured basis. Borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement bear interest generally at either the adjusted term SOFR rate plus an applicable margin (determined by a ratings based-grid) or the alternative base rate. Currently the loans bear interest based on the adjusted term SOFR rate, which was as of September 30, 2024. The principal amount of borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement amortizes in equal quarterly installments of of the original outstanding principal amounts in 2024, in 2025, and in 2026, with the remaining outstanding principal amount under the Term Loan Agreement due and payable in full at maturity in December 2026. The Company may make principal payments in excess of the amortization schedule at its discretion. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 the Company made million of principal payments. The sole financial covenant in the Term Loan Agreement requires that total debt not exceed of total capitalization as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company. The Company was in compliance with this covenant as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 2021 Credit Facility 
 
 The Company has a credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders and JPMorgan Chase, N.A., as administrative agent, that provides a million committed revolving credit facility (the 2021 Credit Facility ). Commitments under the 2021 Credit Facility may be increased to an aggregate amount not to exceed billion. 
 
 The 2021 Credit Facility contains a financial covenant requiring that, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, the ratio of total indebtedness to total capitalization shall not be greater than . The Company was in compliance with this covenant as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the 2021 Credit Facility was undrawn. 

HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 27 

Back to Contents 

 million and million of short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, composed of the following: 
 
 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding at September 30, 2024, and million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2023, which was used to fund the Systems Control acquisition. 
 
 million and million of long-term debt classified as current within current liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, reflecting maturities within the next 12 months related to borrowing under the Term Loan Agreement at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 million and million of other short-term debt outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which consisted of borrowings to support our international operations in China and amounts outstanding under our commercial card program. 

Note 18 

million shares of common stock to settle awards of restricted stock, performance shares, or SARs. The Company issues new shares to settle stock-based awards. During the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company's grant of stock-based awards included restricted stock, SARs and performance shares. There were no material awards granted during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Each of the compensation arrangements is discussed below. 
 
 Restricted Stock 
 
 The Company issues various types of restricted stock, of which the restricted stock awards are considered outstanding at the time of grant, as the award holders are entitled to dividends and voting rights. Unvested restricted stock awards are considered participating securities when computing earnings per share. Restricted stock unit award holders are not entitled to dividends or voting rights until settlement. Restricted stock grants are not transferable and are subject to forfeiture in the event of the recipient s termination of employment prior to vesting. 
 
 Restricted Stock Awards Issued to Employees - Service Condition 
 
 Restricted stock awards that vest based upon a service condition are expensed on a straight-line basis over the requisite service period. These awards generally vest either in equal installments on each of the first anniversaries of the grant date or on the third-year anniversary of the grant date. The f air value of these awards is measured by the average of the high and low trading prices of the Company s common stock on the most recent trading day immediately preceding the grant date measurement date ). 
 
 In February 2024, the Company granted restricted stock awards with a fair value per share of . 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 28 

Back to Contents 

 equal installments on each of the first anniversaries of the grant date. The f air value of these awards is measured by the average of the high and low trading prices of the Company s common stock on the measurement date reduced by the present value of dividends expected to be paid during the requisite service period. 
 
 In February 2024, the Company granted restricted stock units with a fair value per share of . 
 
 Stock Appreciation Rights 
 
 SARs grant the holder the right to receive, once vested, the value in shares of the Company's common stock equal to the positive difference between the grant price, as determined using the mean of the high and low trading prices of the Company s common stock on the measurement date, and the fair market value of the Company s common stock on the date of exercise. This amount is payable in shares of the Company s common stock. SARs vest and become exercisable in equal installments during the first following the grant date and expire from the grant date. 
 
 In February 2024, the Company granted SAR awards. The fair value of each SAR award was measured using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. 
 
 years 
 
 The expected dividend yield was calculated by dividing the Company s expected annual dividend by the average stock price for the past three months. Expected volatilities are based on historical volatilities of the Company s stock for a period consistent with the expected term. The expected term of SARs granted was based upon historical exercise behavior of SARs. The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for the expected term of the award. 
 
 Performance Shares 
 
 Performance shares represent the right to receive a share of the Company s common stock subject to the achievement of certain market or performance conditions established by the Company s Compensation Committee and measured over a period. Partial vesting in these awards may occur after separation from the Company for retirement eligible employees. Shares are not vested until approved by the Company s Compensation Committee. 
 
 Performance Shares - Market Condition 
 
 In February 2024, the Company granted p erformance shares that will vest subject to a market condition and service condition through the performance period. The market condition associated with the awards is the Company's total shareholder return TSR compared to the TSR generated by the companies that comprise the S P Capital Goods 900 index over a performance per iod. Performance at target will result in vesting and issuance of the number of performance shares granted, equal to payout. Performance below or above target can result in issuance in the range of - of the number of shares granted. Exp ense is recognized irrespective of the market condition being achieved. 
 
 The fair value of the performance share awards with a market condition for the 2024 grant was determined based upon a lattice model. 
 
 years 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 29 

Back to Contents 

performance shares that will vest subject to an internal Company-based performance condition and service requirement. 
 
 percent of these performance shares granted will vest based on Hubbell s compounded annual growth rate of Net sales as compared to that of the companies that comprise the S P Capital Goods 900 index. percent of these performance shares granted will vest based on achieved operating profit margin performance as compared to internal targets. Each of these performance conditions is measured over the same performance period. The cumulative result of these performance conditions can result in a number of shares earned in the range of - of the target number of shares granted. 
 
 The fair value of the award is measured based upon the average of the high and low trading prices of the Company's common stock on the measurement date reduced by the present value of dividends expected to be paid during the requisite service period. for the awards granted during February 2024. 
 
 Jan 2024 - Dec 2026 - 

HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 30 

Back to Contents 

 ITEM 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Executive Overview of the Business 

Hubbell is a global manufacturer of quality electrical products and utility solutions for a broad range of customer and end market applications. We provide utility and electrical solutions that enable our customers to operate critical infrastructure reliably and efficiently, and we empower and energize communities through innovative solutions supporting energy infrastructure In Front of the Meter, on The Edge, and Behind the Meter. In Front of the Meter is where utilities transmit and distribute energy to their customers. The Edge connects utilities with owner/operators and allows energy and data to be distributed back and forth. Behind the Meter is where owners and operators of buildings and other critical infrastructure consume energy. Products are either sourced complete, manufactured or assembled by subsidiaries in the United States, Canada, Puerto Rico, Mexico, China, the UK, Brazil, Australia, Spain, Ireland and the Republic of the Philippines. The Company also participates in joint ventures in Hong Kong and the Republic of the Philippines, and maintains offices in Singapore, Italy, China, India, Mexico, South Korea, Chile, and countries in the Middle East. The Company employed approximately 18,000 individuals worldwide as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 The Company s reporting segments consist of the Utility Solutions segment and Electrical Solutions segment. 
 
 Results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 by segment are included under Segment Results within this Management s Discussion and Analysis. 
 
 The Company's long-term strategy is to serve its customers with reliable and innovative electrical and related infrastructure solutions with desired brands and high-quality service, delivered through a competitive cost structure; to complement organic revenue growth with acquisitions that enhance its product offerings; and to allocate capital effectively to create shareholder value. 
 
 Our strategy to complement organic revenue growth with acquisitions is focused on acquiring assets that extend our capabilities, expand our product offerings, and present opportunities to compete in core, adjacent or complementary markets. Our acquisition strategy also provides the opportunity to advance our revenue growth objectives during periods of weakness or inconsistency in our end-markets. 
 
 Our strategy to deliver products through a competitive cost structure has resulted in past and ongoing restructuring and related activities. Our restructuring and related efforts include the consolidation of manufacturing and distribution facilities, and workforce actions, as well as streamlining and consolidating our back-office functions. The primary objectives of our restructuring and related activities are to optimize our manufacturing footprint, cost structure, and the effectiveness and efficiency of our workforce. 
 
 Productivity improvement also continues to be a key area of focus for the Company and efforts to drive productivity complement our restructuring and related activities to minimize the impact of rising material costs and other administrative cost inflation. Because material costs are approximately half of our cost of goods sold, continued volatility in this area could significantly impact profitability. Our goal is to have pricing and productivity programs that offset material and other inflationary cost increases as well as pay for investments in key growth areas. 
 
 Productivity programs affect virtually all functional areas within the Company by reducing or eliminating waste and improving processes. We continue to expand our efforts related to global product and component sourcing, as well as supplier cost reduction programs. Value engineering efforts, product transfers and the use of lean process improvement techniques are expected to continue to increase manufacturing efficiency. In addition, we continue to build upon the benefits of our enterprise resource planning system across all functions. 
 
 Our sales are also subject to market conditions that may cause customer demand for our products to be volatile and unpredictable. Product demand can be affected by fluctuations in domestic and international economic conditions, as well as currency fluctuations, commodity costs, and a variety of other factors. Since early 2021, we have experienced significant inflationary pressure across much of our business. As a result, we have taken various pricing actions to cover the higher costs and protect our profitability. Although the inflation has moderated considerably since its high point in 2022, we expect inflation to remain a factor for the foreseeable future and we expect to continue to take these pricing actions subject to demand and market conditions. Accordingly, there can be no assurance that we will be able to maintain our margins in response to further changes in inflationary pressures. In addition, macroeconomic effects such as increases in interest rates and other measures taken by central banks and other policy makers could have a negative effect on overall economic activity which could reduce our customers demand for our products, and cause the continuation of relatively high market interest rates that increase our borrowing costs. Additionally, international tensions, such as the conflicts in the Middle East and Ukraine, as well as trade and other tensions, including those with China may affect demand for our products, as well as our production costs. 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 31 

Back to Contents 

The following is a discussion and analysis of our business, financial condition and results of operations as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and notes thereto in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (the Condensed Financial Statements ), and the audited consolidated financial statements, accompanying notes and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Results of Operations Third Quarter of 2024 compared to the Third Quarter of 2023 
 
 Overview 
 
 Third quarter 2024 net sales were 1,442.6 million and grew by 5 , including 6 growth from acquisitions net of divestitures, partially offset by a 1 contraction of organic net sales driven by lower volume. 
 
 Organic net sales growth in the Electrical Solutions segment was strong, led by datacenter and renewables verticals. Organic net sales contracted 4 in the Utility Solutions segment as strength in transmission, substation and grid protection and controls markets was more than offset by weak telcom markets and utility distribution markets continued to reflect the impact of customer inventory normalization in the quarter. 
 
 Acquisitions within Utility Solutions contributed to 9 consolidated net sales growth, driven by our acquisition of Systems Control in the fourth quarter of 2023, while the divestiture of the residential lighting business from the Electrical Solutions segment was completed in the first quarter of 2024 and contributed to a 3 decline in consolidated net sales as compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Operating margin in the third quarter of 2024 was 21.1 and expanded by 100 basis points. Adjusted operating margin, which excludes amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and transaction, integration and separation costs, was 23.2 and expanded by 180 basis points. Margin expansion in the quarter was primarily driven by favorable price realization and benefits from operational productivity, as well as the impact of recent portfolio transformation efforts, and higher prior year investments in the business. Those factors were partially offset by continued material and other cost inflation. These factors are further described within Segment Results below. 
 
 In December 2023, the Company entered into a definitive agreement to sell its residential lighting business for a cash purchase price of 131 million, subject to customary adjustments. The Company concluded the business met the criteria for classification as held for sale in the fourth quarter of 2023. The residential lighting business was reported within the Electrical Solutions Segment. The transaction closed in the first quarter of 2024 and the Company recorded a pre-tax loss on the sale of 5.3 million in the first quarter of 2024, which is recorded within Total other expense in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statement of Income. 
 
 In addition, during 2023, the Company completed a number of acquisitions that affect the comparability of current period results of operations to those of prior year periods. For additional information regarding such transactions, see Note 2, Business Acquisitions and Dispositions in the notes to the Condensed Financial Statements. 

SUMMARY OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED RESULTS (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 of Net sales 2023 of Net sales Net sales 1,442.6 1,375.8 Cost of goods sold 945.5 65.5 888.4 64.6 Gross profit 497.1 34.5 487.4 35.4 Selling administrative S A expense 193.3 13.4 211.1 15.3 Operating income 303.8 21.1 276.3 20.1 Net income 221.0 15.3 202.0 14.6 Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interest (1.6) (0.1) (1.9) (0.1) Net income attributable to Hubbell Incorporated 219.4 15.2 200.1 14.5 Less: Earnings allocated to participating securities (0.4) (0.5) Net income available to common shareholders 219.0 199.6 Average number of diluted shares outstanding 54.0 54.0 DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE 4.05 3.70 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 32 

Back to Contents 

 In the following discussion of results of operations, we refer to adjusted operating measures. We believe those adjusted measures, which exclude the impact of certain costs, gains and losses, may provide investors with useful information regarding our underlying performance from period to period and allow investors to understand our results of operations without regard to items that, in management's judgement, significantly affect the comparability of operating results, or that are not considered to be components of our core operating performance. 
 
 Significant items impacting comparability comprise the following: 
 
 Transaction, integration and separation costs 
 
 The effects that acquisitions and divestitures may have on our results fluctuate significantly based on the timing, size and number of transactions, and therefore result in significant volatility in the costs to complete transactions and to integrate or separate the businesses. 
 
 Transaction costs are primarily professional services and other fees incurred to complete the transactions. Integration and separation costs are the internal and external incremental costs directly relating to these activities for the acquired or divested business. 
 
 The acquisition and divestiture actions taken by the Company in the fourth quarter of 2023 resulted in a significant increase in integration and separation costs. As a result, we believe excluding costs relating to these fourth quarter transactions provides useful and more comparable information for investors to better assess our operating performance. 
 
 Gains or losses on disposition of a business 
 
 Certain of the Company's adjusted measures exclude these gains or losses because we believe it enhances management's and investors' ability to analyze underlying business performance and facilitates comparisons of our financial results over multiple periods. In the first quarter of 2024 the Company recognized a 5.3 million pre-tax loss on the disposition of the residential lighting business. 
 
 Certain of the Company's adjusted measures also exclude the income tax effect directly related to the disposition of the residential lighting business. In the first quarter of 2024, the Company recognized 6.8 million of income tax expense on the sale of the residential lighting business, primarily driven by differences between book and tax basis in goodwill. 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets 
 
 Adjusted operating measures exclude amortization of all intangible assets associated with our business acquisitions, including inventory step-up amortization associated with those acquisitions. The intangible assets associated with our business acquisitions arise from the allocation of the purchase price using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification 805, Business Combinations. These assets consist primarily of customer relationships, developed technology, trademarks and tradenames, and patents, as reported in Note 7 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, under the heading Total Definite-Lived Intangibles, within the Company s audited consolidated financial statements set forth in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 The Company believes that the exclusion of these non-cash expenses (i) enhances management s and investors ability to analyze underlying business performance, (ii) facilitates comparisons of our financial results over multiple periods, and (iii) provides more relevant comparisons of our results with the results of other companies as the amortization expense associated with these assets may fluctuate significantly from period to period based on the timing, size, nature, and number of acquisitions. Although we exclude amortization of these acquired intangible assets and inventory step-up from our non-GAAP results, we believe that it is important for investors to understand that revenue generated, in part, from such intangibles is included within revenue in determining adjusted net income attributable to Hubbell Incorporated. 
 
 Adjusted results also excluded the income tax effects of the above adjustments which are calculated using the statutory tax rate, taking into consideration the nature of the item and the relevant taxing jurisdiction, unless otherwise noted. 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 33 

Back to Contents 

 Organic net sales (or organic net sales growth), a non-GAAP measure, represents Net sales according to U.S. GAAP, less Net sales from acquisitions and divestitures during the first twelve months of ownership or divestiture, respectively, less the effect of fluctuations in Net sales from foreign currency exchange. The period-over-period effect of fluctuations in Net sales from foreign currency exchange is calculated as the difference between local currency Net sales of the prior period translated at the current period exchange rate as compared to the same local currency Net sales translated at the prior period exchange rate. We believe this measure provides management and investors with a more complete understanding of the underlying operating results and trends of established, ongoing operations by excluding the effect of acquisitions, dispositions and foreign currency as these activities can obscure underlying trends. When comparing Net sales growth between periods, excluding the effects of acquisitions, business dispositions and currency exchange rates, those effects are different when comparing results for different periods. For example, because Net sales from acquisitions are considered inorganic from the date we complete an acquisition through the end of the first year following the acquisition, Net sales from such acquisition are reflected as organic net sales thereafter. 
 
 There are limitations to the use of non-GAAP measures. Non-GAAP measures do not present complete financial results. We compensate for this limitation by providing a reconciliation between our non-GAAP financial measures and the respective most directly comparable financial measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. Because non-GAAP financial measures are not standardized, it may not be possible to compare these financial measures with other companies non-GAAP financial measures having the same or similar names. These financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, as substitutes for, or alternative measures of, reported GAAP financial results, and should be viewed in conjunction with the most comparable GAAP financial measures and the provided reconciliations thereto. We believe, however, that these non-GAAP financial measures, when viewed together with our GAAP results and related reconciliations, provide a more complete understanding of our business. We strongly encourage investors to review our consolidated financial statements and publicly filed reports in their entirety and not rely on any single financial measure. 
 
 The following table reconciles Adjusted operating income, a non-GAAP measure, to Operating income, the directly comparable GAAP financial measure (in millions): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 of Net sales 2023 of Net sales Operating income (GAAP measure) 303.8 21.1 276.3 20.1 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 28.1 1.9 18.4 1.3 Transaction, integration separation costs 2.9 0.2 Adjusted operating income (non-GAAP measure) 334.8 23.2 294.7 21.4 The following table reconciles Adjusted net income attributable to Hubbell Incorporated, Adjusted net income available to common shareholders, and the diluted per share amounts thereof, each a non-GAAP measure, to the directly comparable GAAP financial measures (in millions, except per share data). Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Diluted Per Share 2023 Diluted Per Share Net income attributable to Hubbell Incorporated (GAAP measure) 219.4 4.05 200.1 3.70 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 28.1 0.53 18.4 0.34 Transaction, integration separation costs 2.9 0.05 Subtotal 250.4 4.63 218.5 4.04 Income tax effects (1) 
 7.5 0.13 4.6 0.08 Adjusted net income attributable to Hubbell Incorporated (non-GAAP measure) 242.9 4.50 213.9 3.96 Less: Earnings allocated to participating securities (0.4) (0.01) (0.5) (0.01) Adjusted net income available to common shareholders (non-GAAP measure) 242.5 4.49 213.4 3.95 
 (1) The income tax effects are calculated using the statutory tax rate, taking into consideration the nature of the item and the relevant taxing jurisdiction, unless otherwise noted. 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 34 

Back to Contents 

The following table reconciles our organic net sales to the directly comparable GAAP financial measure (in millions and percentage change): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Inc/(Dec) 2023 Inc/(Dec) Net sales growth (GAAP measure) 66.8 4.9 59.6 4.5 Impact of acquisitions 128.6 9.4 8.3 0.6 Impact of divestitures (45.6) (3.3) Foreign currency exchange (2.4) (0.2) 4.7 0.4 Organic net sales growth (decline) (non-GAAP measure) (13.8) (1.0) 46.6 3.5 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 Net sales of 1,442.6 million in the third quarter of 2024 increased by 66.8 million compared to the third quarter of 2023. Organic net sales decreased by 1.0 driven by a low single digit percentage decrease in volumes, partially offset by a low single digit increase in price realization. Acquisitions net of divestitures contributed 6.1 to net sales growth. These changes are discussed in more detail in the Segment Results section below. 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Profit 
 
 As a percentage of Net sales, cost of goods sold increased by 90 basis points to 65.5 in the third quarter of 2024, resulting in gross profit margin contracting to 34.5 . Approximately four percentage points of gross profit margin contraction was driven by higher intangible amortization expense, material and other cost inflation and lower volume, which was partially offset by approximately three percentage points of margin expansion driven by favorable price realization and improved operational productivity. 
 
 Selling Administrative Expenses 
 
 S A expense in the third quarter of 2024 was 193.3 million and decreased by 17.8 million or 8.4 compared to the prior year period. This decrease was driven by higher investments in the business in prior year, including professional services, as well as lower employee incentive expense in the current year, partially offset by the impact of the 2023 acquisitions net of divestitures. S A expense as a percentage of Net sales was 13.4 in the third quarter of 2024, compared to 15.3 in the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Total Other Expense 
 
 Total other expense increased by 13.0 million in the third quarter of 2024 to 24.3 million, primarily due to higher net interest expense of 10.9 million, and a 2.7 million negative impact of foreign exchange in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. The increase in interest expense was primarily attributable to debt incurred in connection with the acquisition of Systems Control and higher market interest rates. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2024 decreased to 20.9 as compared to 23.8 in the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to the tax benefits of an international restructuring completed during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Net Income Attributable to Hubbell Incorporated and Earnings Per Diluted Share 
 
 Net income attributable to Hubbell Incorporated was 219.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 and increased 9.6 as compared to the same period of the prior year, reflecting the factors described above. As a result, earnings per diluted share in the third quarter of 2024 increased 9 as compared to the third quarter of 2023. Adjusted net income attributable to Hubbell Incorporated, which excludes amortization of acquisition-related intangibles from both periods and transaction, integration separation costs in the third quarter of 2024, was 242.9 million in the third quarter of 2024 and increased by 13.6 as compared to the third quarter of 2023. 

HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 35 

Back to Contents 

 Segment Results 
 
 UTILITY SOLUTIONS 
 
 The following table reconciles our Utility Solutions segment adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin to the directly comparable GAAP financial measure (in millions and percentage change): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Net sales 933.1 837.9 Operating income (GAAP measure) 210.5 186.8 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 24.1 13.9 Transaction, integration separation costs 1.4 Adjusted operating income 236.0 200.7 Operating margin (GAAP measure) 22.6 22.3 Adjusted operating margin 25.3 24.0 
 
 The following table reconciles our Utility Solutions segment organic net sales to the directly comparable GAAP financial measure (in millions and percentage change): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Utility Solutions 2024 Inc/(Dec) 2023 Inc/(Dec) Net sales growth (GAAP measure) 95.2 11.3 63.4 8.2 Impact of acquisitions 128.6 15.3 8.0 1.0 Impact of divestitures Foreign currency exchange (1.4) (0.2) 2.2 0.3 Organic net sales growth (decline) (non-GAAP measure) (32.0) (3.8) 53.2 6.9 
 
 Net sales in the Utility Solutions segment in the third quarter of 2024 were 933.1 million, and increased by 95.2 million, or 11.3 , as compared to the third quarter of 2023 . That increase was driven by a 15.3 increase in net sales from acquisitions, partially offset by a 3.8 decrease in organic net sale s. The decrease in organic net sales was driven by a mid single digit percentage decrease in unit volume, partially offset by a low single digit increase in price realization. The decrease in unit volume resulted largely from volume declines in enclosures products led by a decline in the telcom markets as well as utility distribution markets continued to reflect the impact of customer inventory normalization. This was partially offset by robust growth in transmission and substation markets. 
 
 Operating income in the Utility Solutions segment for the third quarter of 2024 was 210.5 million, an increase of 12.7 compared to the third quarter of 2023. Operating margin increased by 30 basis points to 22.6 in the third quarter of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023. Excluding amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and transaction, integration and separation costs, the adjusted operating margin increased by 130 basis points to 25.3 , as compared to the 2023 period. The increase in operating margin includes approximately four percentage points of margin expansion primarily due to favorable price realization, improved operational productivity, and higher prior year investments in the business, partially offset by approximately three percentage points of margin contraction primarily due to material and other cost inflation and lower unit volume. The impact of lower unit volume includes approximately 100 basis points of contraction from enclosures products, driven primarily by weakness in the telcom market. 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 36 

Back to Contents 

 ELECTRICAL SOLUTIONS 
 
 The following table reconciles our Electrical Solutions segment adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin to the directly comparable GAAP financial measure (in millions and percentage change): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Net sales 509.5 537.9 Operating income (GAAP measure) 93.3 89.5 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 4.0 4.5 Transaction, integration separation costs 1.5 Adjusted operating income 98.8 94.0 Operating margin (GAAP measure) 18.3 16.6 Adjusted operating margin 19.4 17.5 
 
 The following table reconciles our Electrical Solutions segment organic net sales to the directly comparable GAAP financial measure (in millions and percentage change): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Electrical Solutions 2024 Inc/(Dec) 2023 Inc/(Dec) Net sales growth (decline) (GAAP measure) (28.4) (5.3) (3.8) (0.7) Impact of acquisitions 0.3 Impact of divestitures (45.6) (8.5) Foreign currency exchange (1.0) (0.2) 2.5 0.5 Organic net sales growth (decline) (non-GAAP measure) 18.2 3.4 (6.6) (1.2) 
 
 Net sales in the Electrical Solutions segment in the third quarter of 2024 were 509.5 million and decreased by 28.4 million, or 5.3 , as compared to the third quarter of 2023. That decrease includes 3.4 growth in organic net sales, which was more than offset by an 8.5 decline in net sales resulting from the disposition of the residential lighting business during the first quarter of 2024. The increase in organic net sales was driven by a low single digit percentage increase in unit volume and a low single digit percentage increase in price realization. Volume growth in the quarter was driven primarily by strength in datacenter and renewables markets, while broader industrial markets were steady and commercial markets were softer. Favorable price realization was driven primarily by actions to recover inflationary costs. 
 
 Operating income in the Electrical Solutions segment for the third quarter of 2024 was 93.3 million and increased approximately 4.2 compared to the third quarter of 2023, while operating margin in the third quarter of 2024 expanded by 170 basis points to 18.3 . Excluding amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and transaction, integration and separation cost, the adjusted operating margin expanded by 190 basis points to 19.4 . The increase in operating margin was primarily due to approximately five percentage points of margin expansion from favorable price realization, improved operational productivity and higher volume. The disposition of the residential lighting business also contributed to that expansion. Those factors were partially offset by approximately three percentage points of margin contraction driven by higher material and other cost inflation and mix. 

HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 37 

Back to Contents 

Results of Operations - Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 SUMMARY OF CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED RESULTS (IN MILLIONS, EXCEPT PER SHARE DATA): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 of Net sales 2023 of Net sales Net sales 4,294.2 4,027.1 Cost of goods sold 2,840.7 66.2 2,595.2 64.4 Gross profit 1,453.5 33.8 1,431.9 35.6 Selling administrative S A expense 620.0 14.4 619.0 15.4 Operating income 833.5 19.4 812.9 20.2 Net income 585.3 13.6 593.6 14.7 Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interest (4.5) (0.1) (4.8) (0.1) Net income attributable to Hubbell Incorporated 580.8 13.5 588.8 14.6 Less: Earnings allocated to participating securities (1.1) (1.4) Net income available to common shareholders 579.7 587.4 Average number of diluted shares outstanding 54.0 54.0 DILUTED EARNINGS PER SHARE 10.73 10.89 
 
 The following table reconciles Adjusted operating income, a non-GAAP measure, to Operating income, the directly comparable GAAP financial measure (in millions): 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 of Net sales 2023 of Net sales Operating income (GAAP measure) 833.5 19.4 812.9 20.2 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 96.0 2.2 54.3 1.3 Transaction, integration separation costs 11.9 0.3 Adjusted operating income (non-GAAP measure) 941.4 21.9 867.2 21.5 The following table reconciles Adjusted net income attributable to Hubbell Incorporated, Adjusted net income available to common shareholders, and the diluted per share amounts thereof, each a non-GAAP measure, to the directly comparable GAAP financial measures (in millions, except per share data). Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Diluted Per Share 2023 Diluted Per Share Net income attributable to Hubbell Incorporated (GAAP measure) 580.8 10.73 588.8 10.89 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 96.0 1.79 54.3 1.02 Transaction, integration separation costs 11.9 0.22 Loss on disposition of business 5.3 0.10 Subtotal 694.0 12.84 643.1 11.91 Income tax effects (1) 
 19.4 0.35 13.4 0.24 Adjusted net income attributable to Hubbell Incorporated (non-GAAP measure) 674.6 12.49 629.7 11.67 Less: Earnings allocated to participating securities (1.3) (0.03) (1.5) (0.03) Adjusted net income available to common shareholders (non-GAAP measure) 673.3 12.46 628.2 11.64 
 (1) The income tax effects are calculated using the statutory tax rate, taking into consideration the nature of the item and the relevant taxing jurisdiction, unless otherwise noted. 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 38 

Back to Contents 

The following table reconciles our organic net sales to the directly comparable GAAP financial measure (in millions and percentage change): 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Inc/(Dec) 2023 Inc/(Dec) Net sales growth (GAAP measure) 267.1 6.6 298.8 8.0 Impact of acquisitions 345.9 8.6 67.1 1.8 Impact of divestitures (120.9) (3.0) Foreign currency exchange (0.4) (1.1) Organic net sales growth (decline) (non-GAAP measure) 42.5 1.0 232.8 6.2 
 
 Net Sales 
 
 Net sales of 4,294.2 million in the first nine months of 2024 increased by 267.1 million compared to the same period in 2023. Organic net sales increased by 1.0 , driven by a low single digit percentage increase in price realization, partially offset by a single digit percentage decrease in unit volume. Acquisitions net of divestitures contributed 5.6 to net sales growth. These changes are discussed in more detail in the Segment Results section below. 
 
 Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Profit 
 
 As a percentage of net sales, cost of goods sold increased by 180 basis points to 66.2 in the first nine months of 2024, resulting in gross profit margin contracting to 33.8 . A pproximately five percentage points of gross profit margin contraction was driven by higher intangible amortization expense, material and other cost inflation, lower volume, as well as continued investments in long-term growth and productivity initiatives, which was partially offset by approximately three percentage points of margin expansion driven by favorable price realization and improved operational productivity. 
 
 Selling Administrative Expenses 
 
 S A expense in the first nine months of 2024 was 620.0 million and increased by 1.0 million or 0.2 compared to the prior year period. This increase was driven by the impact of the 2023 acquisitions net of divestitures, including an increase in intangible amortization expense, partially offset by lower employee incentive cost. S A expense as a percentage of net sales was 14.4 in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to 15.4 in the first nine months of 2023. 
 
 Total Other Expense 
 
 Total other expense increased by 33.3 million in the first nine months of 2024 to 72.4 million, primarily due to a 32.9 million increase in interest expense in the first nine months of 2024, along with the 5.3 million loss recognized on the disposition of the residential lighting business, partially offset by 6.1 million of TSA income related to the disposal of the residential lighting business. The increase in interest expense was primarily attributable to debt incurred in connection with the Systems Control acquisition and higher market interest rates. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 The effective tax rate in the first nine months of 2024 decreased to 23.1 as compared to 23.3 in the first nine months of 2023, primarily due to the tax benefits of an international restructuring completed in the third quarter of 2024, largely offset by the income tax expense related to the sale of the residential lighting business in the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 Net Income Attributable to Hubbell Incorporated and Earnings Per Diluted Share 
 
 Net income attributable to Hubbell Incorporated was 580.8 million in the first nine months of 2024 and decreased 1.4 as compared to the same period of the prior year, reflecting the factors described above. As a result, earnings per diluted share in the first nine months of 2024 decreased 1.5 as compared to the first nine months of 2023. Adjusted net income attributable to Hubbell Incorporated, which excludes amortization of acquisition-related intangibles from both periods and transaction, integration separation costs and a loss on disposition of a business in the first nine months of 2024, was 674.6 million in the first nine months of 2024 and was 629.7 million in the first nine months of 2023. 

HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 39 

Back to Contents 

 Segment Results 
 
 UTILITY SOLUTIONS 
 
 The following table reconciles our Utility Solutions segment adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin to the directly comparable GAAP financial measure (in millions and percentage change): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Net sales 2,753.6 2,450.3 Operating income (GAAP measure) 564.1 563.8 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 83.7 40.8 Transaction, integration separation costs 5.6 Adjusted operating income 653.4 604.6 Operating margin (GAAP measure) 20.5 23.0 Adjusted operating margin 23.7 24.7 
 
 The following table reconciles our Utility Solutions segment organic net sales to the directly comparable GAAP financial measure (in millions and percentage change): 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Utility Solutions 2024 Inc/(Dec) 2023 Inc/(Dec) Net sales growth (GAAP measure) 303.3 12.4 295.5 13.7 Impact of acquisitions 345.9 14.1 23.3 1.1 Impact of divestitures Foreign currency exchange (1.1) (0.2) Organic net sales growth (decline) (non-GAAP measure) (41.5) (1.7) 272.4 12.6 
 
 Net sales in the Utility Solutions segment in the first nine months of 2024 were 2,753.6 million, and increased by 303.3 million, or 12.4 , as compared to the first nine months of 2023 . That increase was driven by a 14.1 increase in net sales from acquisitions offset by a 1.7 decrease in organic net sales. The decrease in organic net sales was driven by a mid-single digit percentage decrease in unit volume, partially offset by a low single digit percentage increase in price realization. The decrease in unit volume resulted largely from volume declines in enclosures products primarily driven by weakness in the telcom markets, as well as continued customer inventory management in distribution markets. These factors were partially offset by robust growth in transmission and substation markets, as well as backlog conversion in meters and AMI products. Favorable price realization was driven by actions to offset inflation, as well as by our service levels. 
 
 Operating income in the Utility Solutions segment for the first nine months of 2024 was 564.1 million, an increase of 0.1 compared to the first nine months of 2023. Operating margin declined by 250 basis points to 20.5 in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period of 2023. Excluding amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and transaction, integration and separation costs, the adjusted operating margin declined by 100 basis points to 23.7 as compared to the 2023 period. The decrease in operating margin includes approximately three percentage points o f margin expansion primarily due to favorable price realization and improved operational productivity, but that expansion was more than offset by approximately four percentage points of margin contraction primarily due to material and other cost inflation, lower unit volume and continuing investments in long-term growth and productivity initiatives. The impact of lower unit volume includes approximately 130 basis points from enclosures products, driven primarily by weakness in the telcom market. 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 40 

Back to Contents 

 ELECTRICAL SOLUTIONS 
 
 The following table reconciles our Electrical Solutions segment adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin to the directly comparable GAAP financial measure (in millions and percentage change): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Net sales 1,540.6 1,576.8 Operating income (GAAP measure) 269.4 249.1 Amortization of acquisition-related intangible assets 12.3 13.5 Transaction, integration separation costs 6.3 Adjusted operating income 288.0 262.6 Operating margin (GAAP measure) 17.5 15.8 Adjusted operating margin 18.7 16.7 
 
 The following table reconciles our Electrical Solutions segment organic net sales to the directly comparable GAAP financial measure (in millions and percentage change): 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Electrical Solutions 2024 Inc/(Dec) 2023 Inc/(Dec) Net sales growth (decline) (GAAP measure) (36.2) (2.3) 3.3 0.2 Impact of acquisitions 43.8 2.8 Impact of divestitures (120.9) (7.6) Foreign currency exchange 0.7 (0.9) (0.1) Organic net sales growth (decline) (non-GAAP measure) 84.0 5.3 (39.6) (2.5) 
 
 Net sales in the Electrical Solutions segment in the first nine months of 2024 were 1,540.6 million and decreased by 36.2 million , or 2.3 , as compared to the first nine months of 2023. That decrease was driven by a 7.6 decline in net sales resulting from the disposition of the residential lighting business in the first quarter of 2024, offset by a 5.3 increase in organic net sales. The increase in organic net sales was driven by a low single digit percentage increase in price realization and a low single digit percentage increase in unit volume. Volume growth was driven primarily by strength in datacenter and renewables markets, while broader industrial and electrical markets were steady. Favorable price realization was driven primarily by actions to recover inflationary costs. 
 
 Operating income in the Electrical Solutions segment for the first nine months of 2024 was 269.4 million and increased approximately 8.1 compared to the first nine months of 2023, while operating margin in the first nine months of 2024 increased by 170 basis points to 17.5 . Excluding amortization of acquisition-related intangibles and transaction, integration and separation costs, the adjusted operating margin increased by 200 basis points to 18.7 . The increases are primarily due to approximately five percentage points of margin expansion from favorable price realization, improved operational productivity and higher volume. The disposition of the residential lighting business also contributed to that expansion. Those factors were partially offset by approximately three percentage points of margin contraction driven by higher material and other cost inflation and continuing investments in long-term growth and productivity initiatives. 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 41 

Back to Contents 

 Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Cash Flow 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 558.8 535.3 Investing activities 20.0 (161.4) Financing activities (476.4) (241.7) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents (3.2) 0.3 NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 99.2 132.5 
 
 Cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 558.8 million compared to cash provided by operating activities of 535.3 million for the same period in 2023. The increase in cash provided by operations is due to higher income, after adjusting for the effect of non-cash items, primarily depreciation and amortization expense. That increase was partially offset by higher investments in working capital to serve customer demand. 
 
 Cash provided by investing activities was 20.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to cash used of 161.4 million during the comparable period in 2023. This change was driven by 122.9 million of cash proceeds in 2024 from the disposition of our residential lighting business as compared to a 60.0 million cash outflow in 2023 for the acquisition of EIG. 
 
 Cash used in financing activities was 476.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to cash used of 241.7 million in the comparable period of 2023. The increase in cash used primarily reflects higher repayments of long and short-term borrowings in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same prior year period. 
 
 The unfavorable impact of foreign currency exchange rates on cash was 3.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the change compared to prior year is primarily related to strengthening of the U.S. Dollar against the Mexican Peso, Brazilian Real and Canadian Dollar. 
 
 Investments in the Business 
 
 Investments in our business include cash outlays for the acquisition of businesses, and investments in capacity and innovation, as well as for expenditures on productivity initiatives and to maintain the operation of our equipment and facilities and invest in restructuring activities. 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024, we invested 112.4 million in capital expenditures, an increase of 8.6 million from the comparable period of 2023, as we continue to invest in footprint optimization, automation and productivity initiatives. 
 
 We continue to invest in restructuring and related programs to maintain a competitive cost structure, to drive operational efficiencies and to mitigate the impact of rising material costs and administrative cost inflation. We expect our investment in restructuring and related activities to continue through 2025 as we continue to invest in previously initiated actions and initiate further footprint consolidation, and other cost reduction initiatives. 
 
 In connection with our restructuring and related actions, we have incurred restructuring costs as defined by U.S. GAAP, which are primarily severance and employee benefits, asset impairments, and accelerated depreciation, as well as facility closure, contract termination and certain pension costs that are directly related to restructuring actions. We also incurred restructuring-related costs, which are costs associated with our business transformation initiatives, including the consolidation of back-office functions and streamlining of our processes, and certain other costs and gains associated with restructuring actions. We refer to these costs on a combined basis as restructuring and related costs , which is a non-GAAP measure. We believe this non-GAAP measure provides investors with useful information regarding our underlying performance from period to period. Restructuring costs are predominantly settled in cash from our operating activities and are generally settled within one year, with the exception of asset impairments, which are non-cash. 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 42 

Back to Contents 

 The table below presents the restructuring and related costs incurred in the first nine months of 2024, additional expected costs, and the expected completion date of restructuring actions that have been initiated as of September 30, 2024 and in prior years (in millions): 
 Costs incurred in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Additional expected costs Expected completion date 2024 Restructuring Actions 9.6 2.6 2025 2023 and Prior Restructuring Actions 1.4 1.6 2025 Total Restructuring cost (GAAP measure) 11.0 4.2 Restructuring-related costs 4.9 6.3 Restructuring and related costs (Non-GAAP measure) 15.9 10.5 
 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 In October 2022, the Board of Directors approved a share repurchase program that authorized the repurchase of up to 300 million of common stock, which expires in October 2025. In the first nine months of 2024 , the Company repurchased 30.0 million of shares of common stock authorized under the October 2022 program. At September 30, 2024, our remaining share repurchase authorization was 270.0 million. Subject to numerous factors, including market conditions and alternative uses of cash, we may conduct discretionary repurchases through open market or privately negotiated transactions, which may include repurchases under plans complying with Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 Debt to Capital 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had 1,640.3 million and 2,023.2 million, respectively, of long-term debt outstanding, net of the unamortized balance of capitalized debt issuance costs. The Company had 15.0 million and 15.0 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, of maturities due within the next 12 months related to the Term Loan Agreement described below, which were classified within short term debt in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 
 Term Loan Agreement 
 
 In connection with the December 2023 acquisition of Systems Control, the Company entered into a Term Loan Agreement with a syndicate of lenders under which the Company borrowed 600 million on an unsecured basis. Borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement bear interest generally at either the adjusted term SOFR rate plus an applicable margin (determined by a ratings based grid) or the alternative base rate. Currently, the loans bear interest based on the adjusted term SOFR rate. The principal amount of borrowings under the Term Loan Agreement amortize in equal quarterly installments of 2.5 of the original outstanding principal amount in 2024, 2.5 in 2025, and, 5 in 2026, with the remaining outstanding principal amount under the Term Loan Agreement due and payable in full at maturity in December 2026. The Company may make principal payments in excess of the amortization schedule at its discretion. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made 386.3 million of principal payments. The sole financial covenant in the Term Loan Agreement requires that total debt not exceed 65 of total capitalization as of the last day of each fiscal quarter of the Company. The Company was in compliance with this covenant as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 
 On March 12, 2021, the Company, as borrower, and its subsidiaries Hubbell Power Holdings S. r.l. and Harvey Hubbell Holdings S. r.l., each as a subsidiary borrower (collectively, the Subsidiary Borrowers entered into a new five-year credit agreement with a syndicate of lenders and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as administrative agent, that provides a 750 million committed revolving credit facility (the 2021 Credit Facility ). Commitments under the 2021 Credit Facility may be increased to an aggregate amount not to exceed 1.25 billion. The 2021 Credit Facility includes a 50 million sub-limit for the issuance of letters of credit. The sum of the dollar amount of loans and letters of credits to the Subsidiary Borrowers under the 2021 Credit Facility may not exceed 75 million. There were no borrowings outstanding under the 2021 Credit Facility at September 30, 2024. 
 
 The interest rate applicable to borrowings under the 2021 Credit Facility is either (i) the alternate base rate (as defined in the 2021 Credit Facility) or (ii) the adjusted SOFR rate (as defined in the 2021 Credit Facility) plus an applicable margin based on the Company s credit ratings. All revolving loans outstanding under the 2021 Credit Facility will be due and payable on March 12, 2026. 
 
 The 2021 Credit Facility contains a financial covenant requiring that, as of the last day of each fiscal quarter, the ratio of total indebtedness to total capitalization shall not be greater than 65 . The Company was in compliance with this covenant as of September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the 2021 Credit Facility was undrawn. 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 43 

Back to Contents 

Unsecured Senior Notes 
 
 At both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding unsecured, senior notes (the Notes in principal amounts of 400 million due in 2026, 300 million due in 2027, 450 million due in 2028 and 300 million due in 2031. 
 
 The carrying value of the Notes, net of unamortized discount and the unamortized balance of capitalized debt issuance costs, was 1,442.1 million and 1,440.3 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Notes are callable at any time at specified prices and are only subject to accelerated payment prior to maturity upon customary events of default, or upon a change in control triggering event as defined in the indenture governing the Notes, as supplemented. The Company was in compliance with all covenants (none of which are financial) as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Short-term Debt and Current Portion of Long-Term Debt 
 
 The Company had 291.2 million and 117.4 million of short-term debt and current portion of long-term debt outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, composed of the following: 
 
 274.0 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding at September 30, 2024, and 100.0 million of commercial paper borrowings outstanding at December 31, 2023, which was used to partially fund the Systems Control acquisition. 
 
 15.0 million of long-term debt classified within current liabilities in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, reflecting maturities within the next 12 months under the Term Loan Agreement at September 30, 2024 and 15.0 million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 2.2 million and 2.4 million of other short term debt outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which consisted of borrowings to support our international operations in China and amounts outstanding under our commercial card program. 
 
 Net debt, defined as total debt less cash and investments, is a non-GAAP measure that may not be comparable to definitions used by other companies. We consider net debt to be a useful measure of our financial leverage for evaluating the Company s ability to meet its funding needs. 
 (In millions) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Total Debt (GAAP measure) 1,931.5 2,140.6 Hubbell Incorporated Shareholders Equity 3,215.0 2,877.0 TOTAL CAPITAL (GAAP measure) 5,146.5 5,017.6 Total Debt to Total Capital (GAAP measure) 38 43 Cash and Investments 531.1 424.5 Net Debt (non-GAAP measure) 1,400.4 1,716.1 Net Debt to Total Capital (non-GAAP measure) 27 34 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 We measure liquidity on the basis of our ability to meet short-term and long-term operational funding needs, to fund additional investments in our business, including acquisitions, and to make dividend payments to shareholders. Significant factors affecting the management of liquidity are cash flows from operating activities, capital expenditures, cash dividend payments, stock repurchases, access to bank lines of credit and our ability to attract long-term capital with satisfactory terms. In the first nine months of 2024, we returned capital to our shareholders by paying 196.5 million of dividends on our common stock and using 30.0 million of cash for share repurchases. 
 
 We also require cash outlays to fund our operations, capital expenditures, and working capital requirements to accommodate anticipated levels of business activity, as well as our rate of cash dividends, and potential future acquisitions. We have contractual obligations for long-term debt, operating leases, purchase obligations, and certain other long-term liabilities that are summarized in the Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital Resources section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. As a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the TCJA ), we also have an obligation to fund, by annual installments through 2025, the Company's liability for the transition tax on the deemed repatriation of foreign earnings. 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 44 

Back to Contents 

 Our sources of funds and available resources to meet these funding needs are as follows: 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities and existing cash resources: In addition to cash flows from operating activities, we also had 435.7 million of cash and cash equivalents at September 30, 2024, of which approximately 18 was held inside the United States and the remainder held internationally. 
 
 Our 2021 Credit Facility provides a 750.0 million committed revolving credit facility and commitments under the 2021 Credit Facility may be increased (subject to certain conditions) to an aggregate amount not to exceed 1.25 billion. Annual commitment fees to support availability under the 2021 Credit Facility are not material. Although not the principal source of liquidity, we believe our 2021 Credit Facility is capable of providing significant financing flexibility at reasonable rates of interest and is an attractive alternative source of funding in the event that commercial paper markets experience disruption. However, an increase in usage of the 2021 Credit Facility related to growth or a significant deterioration in the results of our operations or cash flows could cause our borrowing costs to increase and/or our ability to borrow could be restricted. We have not entered into any guarantees that could give rise to material unexpected cash requirements. The full 750.0 million of borrowing capacity under the 2021 Credit Facility was available to the Company at September 30, 2024. 
 
 In addition to our commercial paper program and existing revolving credit facility, we also have the ability to obtain additional financing through the issuance of long-term debt. Considering our current credit rating, historical earnings performance, and financial position, we believe that we would be able to obtain additional long-term debt financing on attractive terms. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

A summary of our critical accounting estimates is included in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. We are required to make estimates and judgments in the preparation of our financial statements that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, revenues and expenses and related disclosures. We continually review these estimates and their underlying assumptions to ensure they are appropriate for the circumstances. Changes in the estimates and assumptions we use could have a material impact on our financial results. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes in our estimates and critical accounting policies. 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 45 

Back to Contents 

 Forward-Looking Statements 

Some of the information included in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and elsewhere in this Form 10-Q, contain forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements generally relate to our expectations and beliefs regarding our financial results, condition and outlook, projections of future performance, anticipated growth and end markets, changes in operating results, market conditions and economic conditions, expected capital resources, liquidity, financial performance, pension funding and results of operations, plans, strategize, opportunities, developments and productivity initiatives, competitive positioning, and trends in particular markets or industries. In addition, all statements regarding the expected financial impact of the integration of acquisitions, adoption of updated accounting standards and any expected effects of such adoption, and intent to continue repurchasing shares of common stock, as well as other statements that are not strictly historic in nature, are forward-looking. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words, such as believe , expect , anticipate , intend , depend , should , plan , estimated , predict , could , may , subject to , continues , growing , prospective , forecast , projected , purport , might , if , contemplate , potential , pending, target , goals , scheduled , will , will likely be , and similar words and phrases. Such forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and involve numerous assumptions, known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors, which may cause actual and future performance or the Company's achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Such factors include, but are not limited to: 
 
 The general impact of inflation on our business, including the impact on raw materials costs, elevated interest rates and increased energy costs and our ability to implement and maintain pricing actions that we have taken to cover higher costs and protect our margin profile. 
 Economic and business conditions in particular industries, markets or geographic regions, as well the potential for continued inflation, a significant economic slowdown, stagflation or recession. 
 Effects of unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates and the potential use of hedging instruments to hedge the exposure to fluctuating rates of foreign currency exchange on inventory purchases. 
 Supply chain disruptions and availability, costs and quantity of raw materials, purchased components, energy and freight. 
 Changes in demand for our products, market conditions, product quality, or product availability adversely affecting sales levels. 
 Ability to effectively develop and introduce new products. 
 Changes in markets or competition adversely affecting realization of price increases. 
 Continued softness in the telecommunication markets and residential market of Electrical Solutions. 
 Failure to achieve projected levels of efficiencies, and maintain cost savings and cost reduction measures, including those expected as a result of our lean initiatives and strategic sourcing plans. 
 Impacts of trade tariffs, import quotas or other trade restrictions or measures taken by the United States, Mexico, the United Kingdom and other countries, including the recent and potential changes in U.S. trade policies, that may be made by the current or a future presidential administration and changes in trade policies in other countries made in response to changes in the U.S. trade policies. 
 Failure to comply with import and export laws. 
 Changes relating to impairment of our goodwill and other intangible assets. 
 Inability to access capital markets or failure to maintain our credit ratings. 
 Changes in expected or future levels of operating cash flow, indebtedness and capital spending. 
 Regulatory issues, changes in tax laws, including multijurisdictional implementation of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development's comprehensive base erosion and profit shifting plan, or changes in geographic profit mix affecting tax rates and availability of tax incentives. 
 A major disruption in one or more of our manufacturing or distribution facilities or headquarters, including the impact of plant consolidations and relocations. 
 Changes in our relationships with, or the financial condition or performance of, key distributors and other customers, agents or business partners which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Impact of productivity improvements on lead times, quality and delivery of product. 
 Anticipated future contributions and assumptions including increases in interest rates and changes in plan assets with respect to pensions and other retirement benefits, as well as pension withdrawal liabilities. 
 Adjustments to product warranty accruals in response to claims incurred, historical experiences and known costs. 
 Unexpected costs or charges, certain of which might be outside of our control. 
 Changes in strategy due to economic conditions or other conditions outside of our control affecting anticipated future global product sourcing levels. 
 Ability to carry out future acquisitions and strategic investments in our core businesses as well as the acquisition-related costs. 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 46 

Back to Contents 

 Ability to successfully manage and integrate an acquired business, such as the 2023 acquisitions of El Electronics LLC, Ind stria Eletromec nica Balestro Ltda., and Systems Control, as well as the failure to realize expected synergies and benefits anticipated when we make an acquisition due to potential adverse reactions or changes to business or employee relationships resulting from completion of the transaction, competitive responses to the transaction, the possibility that the anticipated benefits of the transaction are not realized when expected or at all, including as a result of the impact of, or problems arising from, the integration of the acquired business, diversion of management's attention from ongoing business operations and opportunities, and litigation relating to the transaction. 
 The impact of certain divestitures, including the benefits and costs of the sale of the residential lighting business. 
 The ability to effectively implement Enterprise Resource Planning systems without disrupting operational and financial processes. 
 The ability of government customers to meet their financial obligations. 
 Political unrest and military actions in foreign countries, including trade tensions with China and the wars in Ukraine and the Middle East, as well as the impact on world markets and energy supplies and prices resulting therefrom. 
 The impact of potential natural disasters or additional public health emergencies on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Failure of information technology systems, cybersecurity breaches, cyber threats, malware, phishing attacks, break-ins and similar events resulting in unauthorized disclosure of confidential information or disruptions or damage to information technology systems that could cause interruptions to our operations or adversely affect our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Incurring significant and/or unexpected costs to avoid, manage, defend and litigate intellectual property matters. 
 Future repurchases of common stock under our common stock repurchase program. 
 Changes in accounting principles, interpretations, or estimates. 
 Failure to comply with any laws and regulations, including those related to data privacy and information security, environmental and conflict-free minerals. 
 The outcome of environmental, legal and tax contingencies or costs compared to amounts provided for such contingencies, including contingencies or costs with respect to pension withdrawal liabilities. 
 Improper conduct by any of our employees, agents or business partners that damages our reputation or subjects us to civil or criminal liability. 
 Our ability to hire, retain and develop qualified personnel. 
 Adverse changes in foreign currency exchange rates and the potential use of hedging instruments to hedge the exposure to fluctuating rates of foreign currency exchange on inventory purchases. 
 Other factors described in our Securities and Exchange Commission filings, including in the Business , Risk Factors , Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk sections in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and in the Company's Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Any such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performances and actual results, developments and business decisions may differ from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. The Company disclaims any duty to update any forward-looking statement, all of which are expressly qualified by the foregoing, other than as required by law. 

ITEM 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 In the operation of its business, the Company has exposures to fluctuating foreign currency exchange rates, availability of purchased finished goods and raw materials, changes in material prices, foreign sourcing issues, and changes in interest rates. There have been no significant changes in our exposure to these market risks during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For a complete discussion of the Company s exposure to market risk, refer to Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk , contained in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 47 

Back to Contents 

 ITEM 4 Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. There are inherent limitations to the effectiveness of any system of disclosure controls and procedures. Accordingly, even effective disclosure controls and procedures can only provide reasonable assurance of achieving their control objectives. 
 
 Our management carried out an evaluation, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e), as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based upon that evaluation, each of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Company s most recently completed quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 48 

Back to Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1A Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes in the Company's risk factors from those disclosed under the heading Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 On October 21, 2022, we announced that the Board of Directors had approved a share repurchase program (the Program that authorized the repurchase of up to 300 million of common stock, which expires in October 2025. At September 30, 2024, our remaining share repurchase authorization was 270.0 million. Subject to numerous factors, including market conditions and alternative uses of cash, we may conduct discretionary repurchases through open market or privately negotiated transactions, which may include repurchases under plans complying with Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company's repurchase activity of common stock under the Program during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares of Common Stock Purchased (000s) 
 Average Price Paid Per Share of Common Stock Approximate Value of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans 
 (in millions) 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans (000s) July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 280.0 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 27 369.40 270.0 27 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 270.0 TOTAL FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 27 369.40 270.0 27 

ITEM 5 Other Information During the three months ended September 30, 2024, . 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 49 

Back to Contents 

 ITEM 6 Exhibits 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed/ Furnished Herewith 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Item 601(b)(31) of Regulation S-K, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following materials from Hubbell Incorporated's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, (ii) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iii) the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (iv) the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 104 The cover page of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (included within the Exhibit 101 attachments) 
 
 Filed herewith Furnished herewith 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 50 

Back to Contents 

 Signatures 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: October 30, 2024 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED By /s/ William R. Sperry By /s/ Jonathan M. Del Nero William R. Sperry Jonathan M. Del Nero Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Vice President, Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 hubb-20240930xex311.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 

I, Gerben W. Bakker, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Hubbell Incorporated (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Gerben W. Bakker Gerben W. Bakker Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer Date October 30, 2024 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 hubb-20240930xex312.htm
 EXHIBIT-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 

I, William R. Sperry, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Hubbell Incorporated (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 s William R. Sperry William R. Sperry Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date October 30, 2024 
 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 hubb-20240930xex321.htm
 EXHIBIT-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Hubbell Incorporated (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gerben W. Bakker, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Gerben W. Bakker Gerben W. Bakker Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer October 30, 2024 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 hubb-20240930xex322.htm
 EXHIBIT-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Hubbell Incorporated (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, William R. Sperry, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s William R. Sperry William R. Sperry Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer October 30, 2024 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 HUBBELL INCORPORATED - Form 10-Q 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hubb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 hubb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 hubb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 hubb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 hubb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

