<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1396536_0001079973-24-001587.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9499350</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>140470</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1324914</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3556959</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1870325</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2336872</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-24-001587.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119163027
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-24-001587
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001396536
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				650493217
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39227
		FILM NUMBER:		241476648

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7660 CENTURION PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32256
		BUSINESS PHONE:		904-296-2807

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		7660 CENTURION PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 100
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32256

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DUOS TECHNOLOGY GROUP, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150710

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	INFORMATION SYSTEMS ASSOCIATES, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070416

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-24-001587.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 duot_10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the transition period from ________________ to ________________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, , ,

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Capital Market 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934
during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject
to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required
to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer,
an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large
accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check
mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

As of November 13, 2024, the registrant has one class
of common equity, and the number of shares outstanding of such common equity is . 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 35 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 47 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 48 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 48 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 48 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 48 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 48 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 48 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 49 

SIGNATURES 
 50 

i 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements. 

DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September
 30, 
 December
 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS: 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net 

Contract assets 

Inventory 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Note Receivable, net 

Total Current Assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right of use asset 

Security deposit 

OTHER ASSETS: 

Intangible Asset, net 

Note Receivable, net 

Patents and trademarks, net 

Software development costs, net 

Total Other Assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

CURRENT LIABILITIES: 

Accounts payable 

Notes payable - financing agreements 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease obligations-current portion 

Contract liabilities, current 

Total Current Liabilities 

Contract liabilities, less current portion 

Notes payable 

Operating lease obligations, less current portion 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 

STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: 

Preferred stock:
 
 par value, 
 shares authorized, 
 shares available to be designated 

Series A redeemable
convertible preferred stock, 
 stated value per share, 
 shares designated; 
 and 
 issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, convertible into common stock at 
 per share 

Series B convertible preferred stock, stated value per share, shares designated; and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, convertible into common stock at per share 

Series C convertible preferred stock, stated value per share, shares designated; and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, convertible into common stock at per share 

Series D convertible preferred stock, stated value per share, 
 shares designated; and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively,
 convertible into common stock at per share 

Series E convertible preferred stock, stated value per share, shares designated; and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, convertible into common stock at and per share, respectively 

Series F convertible preferred stock, stated value per share, shares designated; and issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, convertible into common stock at per share 

Common stock: par value; shares authorized, and shares issued, and shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Sub-total 

Less: Treasury
 stock shares of common stock at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 

Total Stockholders' Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity 

See accompanying condensed notes to the
unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

1 

DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 

For the Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 

For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 

For the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

REVENUES: 

Technology systems 

Services and consulting 

Total Revenues 

COST OF REVENUES: 

Technology systems 

Services and consulting 

Total Cost of Revenues 

GROSS MARGIN 

OPERATING EXPENSES: 

Sales and marketing 

Research and development 

General and administration 

Total Operating Expenses 

LOSS FROM OPERATIONS 

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES): 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Gain on extinguishment of warrant liabilities 

Other income, net 

Total Other Income (Expenses), net 

NET LOSS 

Basic and Diluted Net Loss Per Share 

Weighted Average Shares-Basic and Diluted 

See accompanying condensed notes to the unaudited consolidated
financial statements. 

2 

DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30,
2024 and 2023 

 (Unaudited) 

Preferred
 Stock B 
 Preferred
 Stock C 
 Preferred
 Stock D 
 Preferred
 Stock E 
 Preferred
 Stock F 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 

#
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 #
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 #
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 #
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 #
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 #
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Paid-in- Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Total 

Balance December
 31, 2022 

Series E preferred stock issued 

Stock options compensation 

Stock issuance cost 

Stock issued for services 

Net loss for the three months
 ended March 31, 2023 

Balance March 31, 2023 

Stock options compensation 

Stock issuance cost 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued under the Employee
 Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") for cash and compensation 

Net loss for the three months
 ended June 30, 2023 

Balance June 30, 2023 

Series F preferred stock issued 

Stock options compensation 

Stock issued for services 

Stock Compensation under ESPP 

Net loss for the three months
 ended September 30, 2023 

Balance September 30,
 2023 

See accompanying condensed notes to the unaudited consolidated
financial statements. 

3 

DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

 For the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30,
2024 and 2023 (Continued) 

 (Unaudited) 

Preferred
 Stock B 
 Preferred
 Stock C 
 Preferred
 Stock D 
 Preferred
 Stock E 
 Preferred
 Stock F 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional 

#
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 #
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 #
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 #
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 #
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 #
 of Shares 
 Amount 
 
 Paid-in- Capital 
 Accumulated
 Deficit 
 Treasury
 Stock 
 Total 

Balance December 31, 2023 

Series D preferred stock issued 

Series E preferred stock issued 

Stock options compensation 

Stock issuance cost 

Stock issued for services 

Stock Compensation under ESPP 

Net loss for the three months
 ended March 31, 2024 

Balance March 31, 2024 

Series D preferred stock issued 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued under the ESPP
 for cash and compensation 

Series D preferred stock converted
 to common stock 

Common stock issued for cash 

Stock issuance cost 

Stock options compensation 

Net loss for the three months
 ended June 30, 2024 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Stock issued for services 

Stock Compensation under ESPP 

Series D preferred stock converted
 to common stock 

Common stock issued for cash
 under ATM 

Stock issuance cost 

Common stock issued upon cash
 exercise of warrants 

Stock options compensation 

Net loss for the three months
 ended September 30, 2024 

Balance September 30,
 2024 

See accompanying condensed notes to the unaudited consolidated
financial statements. 

4 

DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended 

September
 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Cash from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock based compensation 

Stock issued for services 

Amortization of debt discount related to warrant liabilities 

Fair value of warrant liabilities 

Gain on settlement of warrant liabilities 

Amortization of operating lease right of use asset 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Note receivable 

Contract assets 

Inventory 

Security deposit 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Operating lease obligation 

Contract liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of patents/trademarks 

Purchase of software development 

Purchase of fixed assets 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayments on financing agreements 

Repayment of finance lease 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Proceeds from warrant exercises 

Proceeds from common stock issued 

Stock issuance cost 

Proceeds from shares issued under Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Proceeds from preferred stock issued 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

The following table provides a reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents and
 restricted cash reported on the accompanying balance sheet to the amount presented in the above statement of cash
 flows: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Interest paid 

Taxes paid 

Supplemental Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Debt discount for warrant liability 

Notes issued for financing of insurance premiums 

Transfer of inventory to fixed assets 

Intangible asset acquired with contract liability 

See accompanying condensed notes to the unaudited
consolidated financial statements. 

5 

DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 

. Any loss incurred or a lack
of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s consolidated financial condition, results of operation
and cash flows. 

Significant Customers and Concentration of Credit Risk 

The Company had certain customers
whose revenue individually represented 10 or more of the Company s total revenue, or whose accounts receivable balances individually
represented 10 or more of the Company s total accounts receivable, as follows: 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, three
customers accounted for , and of revenues. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, two customers accounted for , and
 of revenues. In all cases, there are no minimum contract values stated. Each contract covers an agreement to deliver a Railcar Inspection
Portal or services which, once accepted, must be paid in full, with 30 or more being due and payable prior to delivery. The balances
of the contracts are for service and maintenance, which may be paid annually in advance with revenues recorded ratably over the contract
period. 

At September 30, 2024, two customers accounted for
 , and of accounts receivable. At December 31, 2023, three customers accounted for , and of accounts receivable. Much
of the credit risk is mitigated since all the customers listed here are Class 1 railroads with a history of timely payments to us. 

Geographic Concentration 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately
 of revenue was generated from three customers outside of the United States. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, approximately
 of revenue was generated from three customers outside of the United States. 

Significant Vendors and Concentration of Credit
Risk 

In some instances, the Company relies on a limited
pool of vendors for key components related to the manufacturing of its subsystems. These vendors are primarily focused on camera, server,
and lighting technologies integral to the Company s solution. Where possible, the Company seeks multiple vendors for key components
to mitigate vendor concentration risk. 

Change in fair value 

Gain on extinguishment 

The Company estimates volatility based upon the historical
stock price of the Company and estimates the expected term for stock options using the simplified method for employees and directors and
the contractual term for non-employees. The risk-free rate is determined based upon the prevailing rate of United States Treasury securities
with similar maturities. 

AI Technologies 

The Company has revenue from applications that incorporate
artificial intelligence (AI) in the form of predetermined algorithms which provide important operating information to the users of our
systems. The revenue generated from these applications of AI consists of a fixed fee related to the design, development, testing and incorporation
of new algorithms into the system, which is recognized as revenue at a point in time upon acceptance, as well as an annual application
maintenance fee, which is recognized as revenue ratably over the contracted maintenance term. 

Technical Support 

Technical support services are provided on both an
as-needed and extended-term basis and may include providing both parts and labor. Maintenance and technical support provided outside of
a maintenance contract are on an as-requested basis, and revenue is recognized over time as the services are provided. Revenue
for maintenance and technical support provided on an extended-term basis is recognized over time ratably over the term of the contract. 

Consulting Services 

The Company s consulting services business generates
revenues under contracts with customers from three sources: (1) Professional Services (consulting and auditing); (2) Customer service
training and (3) Maintenance/support. 

(1) Revenues for professional services, which are
of short-term duration, are recognized when services are completed; 

(2) Training sales are one-time upfront short-term
training sessions and are recognized after the service has been performed; and 

(3) Maintenance/support is an optional product sold
to our software license customers under one-year or longer contracts. Accordingly, maintenance payments received upfront are deferred
and recognized over the contract term. 

outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock, (ii) employee stock options to purchase an aggregate of shares
of common stock, (iii) common shares issuable upon conversion of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, and (iv) common
shares issuable upon conversion of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, all of which were excluded from the computation of diluted net
earnings per share because their inclusion would have been anti-dilutive. 

 At September 30, 2023, there were (i) an aggregate
of outstanding warrants to purchase shares of common stock, (ii) employee stock options to purchase an aggregate of shares
of common stock, (iii) common shares issuable upon conversion of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, (iv) common shares
issuable upon conversion of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, and (v) common shares issuable upon conversion of Series F Convertible
Preferred Stock, all of which were excluded from the computation of diluted net earnings per share because their inclusion would have
been anti-dilutive. 

for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the same period, cash used in
operating activities was . The working capital deficit and accumulated deficit as of September 30, 2024, were and
 , respectively. In previous financial reports, the Company had raised substantial doubt about continuing as a going concern.
This was principally due to a lack of working capital prior to underwritten offerings and private placements which were completed during
2022, 2023, and now the first, second and third quarters of 2024 as well. 

As previously noted, the Company was successful
during 2023 in raising gross proceeds of over 11,500,000 from the sale of Series E and F Preferred Stock. Additionally, in the first
and second quarters of 2024, the Company raised gross proceeds of 2,995,000 from the issuance of a combination of Series D and E Preferred
Stock (See Note 6). Additionally, during the second quarter of 2024 the Company entered into an ATM Sales Agreement (the Sales
Agreement with Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC (the Sales Agent or ACM relating to the sale of our
common stock, par value per share, pursuant to the prospectus dated May 17, 2024. In accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement,
we may offer and sell shares of our common stock bearing an aggregate offering price of up to from time to time through or
to ACM, acting as an agent or principal. On July 22, 2024, the Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Duos Edge AI, Inc., entered
into secured promissory notes totaling million in funding with two institutional investors. These notes mature on ,
and bear an interest rate of per annum, with all principal and accrued interest due at maturity. The proceeds are designated exclusively
for the equipment and services required for the installation of the Company's previously announced edge data centers. In the long run,
the continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the ability of the Company to continue executing its business plan,
generate enough revenue, and attain consistently profitable operations. 

In the long run, the continuation of the Company as
a going concern is dependent upon the ability of the Company to continue executing its business plan and growing the Company sufficiently
to generate enough revenue to attain consistently profitable operations. The Company cannot currently quantify the uncertainty related
to previous supply chain delays or the persistence of inflation and their effects on our customers in the coming quarters. We have analyzed
our cash flow under stress test conditions and have determined that we have sufficient liquid assets on hand, forthcoming
with ongoing business or available via the capital markets to maintain operations for at least twelve months from the date of this report. 

In addition, management has been taking and continues
to take actions including, but not limited to, elimination of certain costs that do not contribute to short term revenue, and re-aligning
both management and staffing with a focus on improving certain skill sets necessary to build growth and profitability and focusing product
strategy on opportunities that are likely to bear results in the relatively short term. The Company believes that, as described above,
it will have sufficient sources of working capital to meet its obligations over the following twelve months. In the last twelve months
the Company has experienced relatively steady contracted backlog as well as seen positive signs from new commercial engagements that indicate
improvements in future commercial opportunities for both one-time capital and recurring services revenues. 

Management believes that, at this time, the
conditions in our market space with ongoing contract delays, the consequent need to procure certain materials in advance of a
binding contract and the additional time needed to execute on new contracts previously reported have put a strain on our cash
reserves. However, proactive management of our existing contracts and operating costs, recent stock offerings and private placements
as well as the availability to raise capital via the Sales Agreement indicate there is no substantial doubt that the Company can
continue as a going concern for a period of twelve months from the issuance date of this report. We continue executing the plan to
grow our business and achieve profitability. The Company may selectively look at opportunities for fund raising in the future.
Management has extensively evaluated our requirements for the next twelve months and has determined that the Company currently has
sufficient cash and access to capital to operate for at least that period. 

While no assurance can be provided, management believes
that these actions provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern and to grow its business and achieve profitability
with access to additional capital funding. Ultimately the continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the ability
of the Company to continue executing the plan described above which was put in place in late 2022, continued in 2023, and will continue
in 2024 and beyond. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going
concern. 

. This asset represents non-monetary consideration received under a -year customer contract, in
which the Company will provide maintenance services to the customer. The intangible asset represents Digital Image data rights in the
form of a license agreement received by the Company from the customer. 

 The fair value of the asset was determined on
the contract inception date based on the standalone selling price of the service and goods to be provided to the customer under the 5-year
contract since the Company could not reasonably estimate the fair value of the data rights received. The non-monetary transaction was
accounted for in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) 606-10-32-21 through ASC 606-10-32-24. 

 On the contract inception date, the Company
also recorded an immediate amortization of the intangible asset of related to the pre-contract costs incurred relating to a pilot
program for this contract and recorded deferred revenue of as contract liabilities with a current and non-current component,
and then immediately recognized of this deferred revenue relating to the completed pilot program. The remaining deferred revenue
will be recognized over the -year term. 

 In accordance with ASC 350-30-35-1, the amortization
for the intangible asset is based on its useful life and the useful life of an intangible asset is the period over which it is expected
to contribute directly or indirectly to the future cash flows of that entity. Accordingly, amortization of the intangible asset is recognized
over the life of the contract of five years. 

 In accordance with ASC 350-30-35-14, an intangible
asset that is subject to amortization shall be reviewed for impairment if the carrying amount of the asset is not recoverable and exceeds
its fair value. There is no indication of impairment at September 30, 2024. 

 Intangible asset at September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023 consists of: 

Accumulated Amortization 

Intangible Asset, net 

Amortization of the intangible asset
during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30 2023, was 
and zero respectively. 

 The future amortization of the intangible asset is
as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Total Intangible Asset Amortization 

Third Party - Insurance Note 2 

Third Party - Insurance Note 3 

Total 

The Company entered into an agreement on April 15,
2023 with its insurance provider by issuing a note payable (Insurance Note 1) for the purchase of an insurance policy in the amount of
 , secured by that policy with an annual interest rate of and payable in 11 monthly installments of principal and interest
totaling . The Company renewed its agreement on April 15, 2024 with its insurance provider by issuing a note payable (Insurance
Note 1) for the purchase of an insurance policy in the amount of , secured by that policy with an annual interest rate of 
and payable in 10 monthly installments of principal and interest totaling . At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance
of Insurance Note 1 was and , respectively. 

The Company renewed its agreement on February 3, 2023
with its insurance provider by issuing a note payable (Insurance Note 2) for the purchase of an insurance policy in the amount of ,
and payable in 12 monthly installments of . The Company renewed its agreement on February 3, 2024 with its insurance provider by
issuing a note payable (Insurance Note 2) for the purchase of an insurance policy in the amount of , and payable in 12 monthly
installments of . At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance of Insurance Note 2 was and , respectively. 

The Company entered into an agreement on February
3, 2024 with its insurance provider by issuing a note payable (Insurance Note 3) for the purchase of an insurance policy in the amount
of with a down payment paid in the amount of in the first quarter of 2024 and ten monthly installments of . At
September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the balance of Insurance Note 3 was and , respectively. 

Promissory Notes 

On July 22, 2024, the Company and Duos Edge AI entered
into secured promissory notes (the "Notes") with two institutional investors in the Company, 21 April Fund LP and 21 April Fund
Ltd. The principal amounts of the Notes are for the Note issued to 21 April Fund Ltd. and for the Note issued to 21
April Fund LP. The Notes bear interest at an annual rate of and the principal and any accrued interest on the Notes are due on . The Company has guaranteed all of Duos Edge AI s obligations pursuant to the Notes. 

As security for the Notes, Duos Edge AI granted
a first priority security interest in the equipment installed, as well as all revenues from such equipment and the Company pledged
all proceeds from the sale of shares of Common Stock under its ATM facility. All of the pledged revenues from the equipment and the
ATM facility are deposited in a blocked account and used solely to repay the Notes until they are repaid in full. In November 2024,
the Company obtained the lenders consent waiving the requirement to deposit ATM proceeds in a separate account and to utilize
the ATM proceeds for general corporate purposes, provided that any such amounts must be deposited in the blocked account on or prior
to December 1, 2025. The Notes may be prepaid without any prepayment penalties, provided that any prepayments shall be made
proportionately to each Note. 

This transaction is accounted for in accordance with
ASC 470, which provides guidance on the accounting for debt and debt modifications. The Company is in compliance with all covenants and
conditions associated with the Notes as of September 30, 2024. 

As of September 30, 2024, the carrying amount of the
Notes is classified as a non-current liability on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. The Company accrued interest of 
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 with regard to the Notes. 

In connection with the Notes, the Company issued
warrants to purchase 
shares of Common Stock to 21 April Fund LP and 
shares of Common Stock to 21 April Fund Ltd. The warrants had an exercise price of 
and were exercisable at any time on or prior to the close of business on the five -year anniversary of the original issuance date
of July 22, 2024. The warrants contained a fundamental transaction provision whereby the Company might have to make a cash payment
to the warrant holder on a fundamental transaction trigger date. Accordingly, the warrants met the criteria to be accounted for as a
derivative liability instrument. 

The above warrants and the previously held 
warrants were exercised by 21 April Fund LP and 21 April Fund Ltd. on September 19, 2024 and the Company issued an aggregate of 
shares of Common Stock. In connection with such exercise, the parties agreed to reduce the exercise price of the warrants to per
share and to remove any blocker or similar provisions in the warrants. 

The warrant liability value was measured using a
Monte Carlo simulation valuation method. The initial warrant liability valuation on the loan date was 
which was recorded as a debt discount and initial warrant liability . The warrant liability on September 19, 2024 was with
a change in fair value recorded in other income/expense from the initial recording date through September 30, 2024 of .
The debt discount is being amortized over the term of the Notes. 

On September 19, 2024, the warrant exercise date,
the Company eliminated the warrant liability and recognized a gain on the extinguishment of the warrants in the amount . 

The promissory Notes Payable at September 30, 2024
were as follows: 

Unamortized Discount 

Notes Payable, net 

Amortization of the discount from the Note date of
July 22, 2024 through September 30, 2024 was which is included in interest expense. 

The Company used the following assumptions in determining the fair value
of the warrant liabilities: 

Strike 

Share Equivalents 

Strike Price discount 

Expected Remaining Term (Years) 

Historical Volatility 

Expected Volatility 

Dividend Yield 

Annual Rate of Quarterly Dividends 

Discount Rate - Bond Equivalent Yield 

square feet, with
the lease commencing on November 1, 2021 and ending April 30, 2032. This new space combines the Company s two separate work locations
into one facility, which allows for greater collaboration and also accommodates a larger anticipated workforce and manufacturing facility.
On November 24, 2021, the lease was amended to commence on December 1, 2021 and end on May 31, 2032. The Company recognized a ROU asset
and operating lease liability in the amount of at
lease commencement. Rent for the first eleven months of the term was calculated based on rentable square feet. The rent is subject
to an annual escalation of 2.5 , beginning November 1, 2023. The Company made a security deposit payment in the amount of on
July 26, 2021. Per the contract, in the 18th month and every 12th month thereafter, the security deposit is reduced by . The right
of use asset balance at September 30, 2024, net of accumulated amortization, was . 

As of September 30, 2024, the office and warehouse
lease is the Company s only lease with a term greater than twelve months. The office and warehouse lease has a remaining term of
approximately 7.75 years and includes an option to extend for two renewal terms of five years each. The renewal options are not reasonably
certain to be exercised, and therefore, they are not included when determining the lease term used to establish the right-of use asset
and lease liability. The Company also has several short-term leases, primarily related to equipment. The Company made an accounting policy
election to not recognize short-term leases with terms of twelve months or less on the consolidated balance sheet and instead recognize
the lease payments in expense as incurred. The Company has also elected to account for real estate leases that contain both lease and
non-lease components (such as common area maintenance) as a single lease component. 

The following table shows supplemental information
related to leases: 

Short-term lease cost 

Other information: 

Operating cash outflow used for operating leases 

Weighted average discount rate 

Weighted average remaining lease term 
 years 
 years 

As of September 30, 2024, future minimum lease payments
due under our operating leases are as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

Thereafter 

Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments 

Less: Impact of discounting 

() 
 
 Total present value of operating lease obligations 

Current portion, operating lease obligation 

() 
 
 Operating lease obligations, less current portion 

of the authorized shares of preferred stock as Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock with a stated value of per share. The shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were validly issued, fully
paid and non-assessable. 

Each share of Series B Convertible Preferred
Stock was convertible at any time at the holder s option into a number of shares of common stock equal to 
divided by the conversion price of 
per share. Notwithstanding the foregoing, we could not effect any conversion of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, with certain
exceptions, to the extent that, after giving effect to an attempted conversion, the holder of shares of Series B Convertible
Preferred Stock (together with such holder s affiliates, and any persons acting as a group together with such holder or any of
such holder s affiliates) would beneficially own a number of shares of our common stock in excess of 4.99 (or, at the
election of the purchaser, 9.99 of the shares of our common stock then outstanding after giving effect to such conversion. The
Series B Convertible Preferred Certificate of Designation does not prohibit the Company from waiving this limitation. Upon any
liquidation, dissolution or winding-up of Company, whether voluntary or involuntary, the holders would be entitled to participate on
an as-converted-to-common stock basis (without giving effect to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) with holders of the common
stock in any distribution of assets of the Company to the holders of the common stock. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31,
2023, respectively, there are zero and zero shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 

The Company s Board of Directors designated
 shares as the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock ). Each share of the Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock had a stated value of . The holders of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, the holders of the
common stock and the holders of any other class or series of shares entitled to vote with the common stock shall vote together as one
class on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of the Company. 
(subject to adjustment); provided that in no event may a holder of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock be entitled to vote a number of
shares in excess of such holder s Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined in the Certificate of Designation and as described
below). Each share of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock was convertible, at any time and from time to time, at the option of the holder,
into that number of shares of common stock (subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) determined by dividing the stated value of
such share 1,000) by the conversion price, which is (subject to adjustment). The Company shall not effect any conversion of the
Series C Convertible Preferred Stock, and a holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock, to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion sought by the holder such holder (together with such holder s Attribution
Parties (as defined in the Certificate of Designation)) would beneficially own more than 4.99 (or upon election by a holder, 19.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock issuable
upon such conversion (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation ). All holders of the Series C Preferred Stock elected the 19.99 
Beneficial Ownership Limitation. 

On February 26, 2021, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain existing investors in the Company (the Purchasers ).
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchasers purchased 4,500 shares of a newly authorized Series C Convertible Preferred Stock,
and the Company received proceeds of . The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, agreements and
indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. In January 2022, the 2,500 outstanding shares of Series C Convertible Preferred
Stock were converted into shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, there were zero
 and zero shares of Series C Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

In connection with the Purchase Agreement, the Company
also entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Purchasers. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, the Company filed
with the SEC a registration statement covering the resale by the Purchasers of the shares of common stock into which the shares of Series
C Convertible Preferred Stock were convertible. The Registration Rights Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, agreements
and indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. 

Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock 

On September 28, 2022, the Company amended its articles
of incorporation to designate shares as the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock ).
Each share of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock has a stated value of . The holders of the Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock, the holders of the common stock and the holders of any other class or series of shares entitled to vote with the common stock shall
vote together as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of the Company. (subject to standard anti-dilution adjustment); provided that in no event may a holder of Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock be entitled to vote a number of shares in excess of such holder s Beneficial Ownership Limitation (as defined in the Certificate
of Designation and as described below). Each share of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible, at any time and from time to
time, at the option of the holder, into that number of shares of common stock (subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) determined
by dividing the stated value of such share by the conversion price, which is (subject to adjustment). The Company shall
not effect any conversion of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, and a holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of
the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, to the extent that after giving effect to the conversion sought by the holder such holder (together
with such holder s Attribution Parties (as defined in the Certificate of Designation)) would beneficially own more than 4.99 (or
upon election by a holder, 19.99 of the number of shares of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance
of shares of common stock issuable upon such conversion (the Beneficial Ownership Limitation ). All but one of the holders
of the Series D Preferred Stock elected the 19.99 Beneficial Ownership Limitation. The Company shall reserve and keep available out of
its authorized and unissued Common Stock, solely for the issuance upon the conversion of the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, such
a number of shares of Common Stock as shall from time to time be issuable upon the conversion of all of the shares of the Series D Convertible
Preferred Stock then outstanding. Additionally, the Series D Convertible Preferred Stock does not have the right to dividends and in the
event of an involuntary liquidation, the Series D shares shall be treated as a pro rata equivalent of common stock outstanding at the
date of the liquidation event and have no liquidation preference. 

On September 30, 2022, the Company entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with certain existing investors in the Company (the Purchasers ).
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchasers purchased shares of the newly authorized Series D Convertible Preferred Stock,
and the Company received proceeds of . The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, agreements and indemnification
rights and obligations of the parties. On October 29, 2022, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase
Agreement with a certain existing investor in the Company (the Purchaser ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the
Purchaser purchased shares of the newly authorized Series D Convertible Preferred Stock, and the Company received proceeds of .
The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations, warranties, agreements and indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. 

On May 16, 2023, the Series D Convertible Preferred
Stock was approved for conversion to common shares during the Company s annual shareholder meeting. 

On March 22, 2024, March 28, 2024, and April 3, 2024, the Company
entered into Securities Purchase Agreements (the Purchase Agreements with certain existing and other accredited investors
(the 2024 Purchasers ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, the 2024 Purchasers purchased an aggregate of shares of
Series D Preferred Stock, at a price of 1,000 per share, and the Company received proceeds of . 

In April and May of 2024, outstanding shares of
Series D Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
respectively, there were and shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

In connection with such Purchase Agreements, the Company
entered into Registration Rights Agreements and filed registration statements with the SEC covering the resale by the Purchasers of the
shares of common stock into which the shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock are convertible. The Registration Rights Agreements
contain customary representations, warranties, agreements and indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. 

The Registration Rights Agreements contain provisions
for liquidated damages equal to 1 multiplied by the aggregate subscription amount paid, paid each month, in the event certain deadlines
are missed. 

Series E Convertible Preferred Stock 

The Company s Board of Directors has
designated 
shares as the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock (the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock ). Each share of the
Series E Convertible Preferred Stock has a stated value of .
The holders of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, the holders of the common stock and the holders of any other class or
series of shares entitled to vote with the common stock shall vote as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders
of the Company. (subject to adjustment); provided that in no event may a holder
of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock be entitled to vote a number of shares in excess of such holder s Beneficial Ownership
Limitation. Each share of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock is convertible at any time and from time to time, at the option of
the holder, into that number of shares of common stock (subject to the Beneficial Ownership Limitation) determined by dividing the
stated value of such share 1,000) by the conversion price, which is 
(subject to adjustment) see adjustment below. The Company shall not effect any conversion of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, and the holder
shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, to the extent that after giving effect
to the conversion sought by the holder such holder (together with such holder s Attribution Parties (as defined in the
Certificate of Designation)) would beneficially own more than 4.99 (or upon election by a holder, 19.99 of the number of shares
of common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock issuable upon such conversion
(the Beneficial Ownership Limitation ). All but one of the holders of the Series E Preferred Stock elected the 19.99 
Beneficial Ownership Limitation. 

The Company on March 27, 2023 entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with an existing investor in the Company (the Purchaser ).
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchaser purchased shares of a newly authorized Series E Convertible Preferred Stock at
a price of 1,000 per share, and the Company received proceeds of . The Purchase Agreement contains customary representations,
warranties, agreements and indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. 

The existing investor s Purchase Agreement
also provided that the Company would not, with certain exceptions, sell or issue common stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined
in the Purchase Agreement) on or prior to December 31, 2023 that entitled any person to acquire shares of common stock at an
effective price per share less than the then conversion price of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock without the consent of the
Purchaser. 

On November 9, 2023, the Company entered into a
Securities Purchase Agreement (the November Purchase Agreement with an existing investor in the Company (the
 Purchaser ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchaser purchased 
shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, at a price of 1,000 per share, and the Company received proceeds of . 

The November Purchase Agreement also provided
that the Company would not, with certain exceptions, sell or issue common stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the November
Purchase Agreement) on or prior to June 30, 2024 that entitled any person to acquire shares of common stock at an effective price
per share less than the then conversion price of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock without the consent of the Purchasers. The
conversion price of the Series E Convertible Preferred Stock as of June 30, 2024 was 
per share (subject to adjustment). If the Company sold shares less than the then conversion price, with
the consent of purchasers, then the Series E conversion price would be amended to that lower share price. This provision was not triggered
as of June 30, 2024. 

The Purchasers under the November Purchase Agreement
also were the holders of the Company s Series F Convertible Preferred Stock issued on August 1, 2023. The purchase agreement relating
to the shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock required the consent of the holders in the event the Company were to issue common
stock or rights to acquire common stock prior to December 31, 2023 at an effective price per share less than the then conversion price
of the Series F Convertible Preferred Stock, which was per share. As a result, on November 10, 2023 the Company and the holders
of the Series F Convertible Preferred Stock entered into Exchange Agreements pursuant to which the holders of Series F Convertible Preferred
Stock exchanged their 5,000 shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock for an equal number of shares of Series E Convertible Preferred
Stock. As a result of the November Purchase Agreement and the Exchange Agreements, the Company issued a total of shares of Series
E Convertible Preferred Stock and the 5,000 shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock were cancelled. 

On March 22, 2024 and March 28, 2024, the
Company entered into Securities Purchase Agreements (the Purchase Agreements with certain existing and other
accredited investors (the 2024 Purchasers ). Pursuant to the Purchase Agreements, the 2024 Purchasers purchased an
aggregate of 
shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, at a price in each case of 
per share, and the Company received proceeds of . Those purchase agreements had similar price protections as the November Purchase Agreement but extended the price
protection date to December 31, 2024, for all Series E holders. On September 19, 2024, the conversion rate was lowered to 2.61 from 3.00
per share based on the warrants induced exercise price of 2.61 per share. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
respectively, there were and shares of Series E Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

In connection with such Purchase Agreements, the Company
also entered into Registration Rights Agreements with the Purchasers. Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreements, the Company filed
with the SEC registration statements covering the resale by the Purchasers of the shares of common stock into which the shares of Series
E Convertible Preferred Stock are convertible. The Registration Rights Agreements contain customary representations, warranties, agreements
and indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. 

The Registration Rights Agreements contain provisions
for liquidated damages equal to 1 multiplied by the aggregate subscription amount paid, paid each month, in the event certain deadlines
are missed. 

Series F Convertible Preferred Stock 

On August 2, 2023, the Company entered into a Securities
Purchase Agreement (the Purchase Agreement with an existing, accredited investor in the Company (the Purchaser ).
Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, the Purchaser purchased shares of a newly authorized Series F Convertible Preferred Stock (the
 Series F Convertible Preferred Stock ), and the Company received proceeds of . The Purchase Agreement contains
customary representations, warranties, agreements and indemnification rights and obligations of the parties. 

The Company's Board of Directors designated 
shares as the Series F Preferred Stock. Each share of Series F Preferred Stock was convertible, at any time and from time to time, at the
option of the holder, into that number of shares of common stock (subject to the beneficial ownership limitation described below) determined
by dividing the stated value of such share by the conversion price, which is (subject to adjustment) which equates to 161
common shares for each converted Series F preferred share. The Company, however, shall not effect any conversion of the Series F Preferred
Stock, and the holder shall not have the right to convert any portion of the Series F Preferred Stock, to the extent that after giving
effect to the conversion sought by the holder such holder (together with such holder s Attribution Parties (as defined in the Certificate
of Designation)) would beneficially own more than 4.99 (or upon election by a holder, 19.99 of the number of shares of common stock
outstanding immediately after giving effect to the issuance of shares of common stock issuable upon such conversion. The purchasers of
the Series F Preferred Stock elected that their ownership limitation would be 19.99 . 

The holders of the Series F Preferred Stock, the holders
of the common stock and the holders of any other class or series of shares entitled to vote with the common stock shall vote together
as one class on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders of the Company. (subject
to adjustment); provided that in no event may a holder of Series F Preferred Stock be entitled to vote a number of shares in excess of
such holder s ownership limitation. 

The Company also agreed that it would not, with certain
exceptions, sell or issue common stock or Common Stock Equivalents (as defined in the Purchase Agreement relating to the Series F Preferred
Stock) on or prior to December 31, 2023 that entitled any person to acquire shares of common stock at an effective price per share less
than the then conversion price of the Series F Preferred Stock without the consent of the holders. As a result of that agreement, upon
the issuance of shares of Series E Preferred Stock (which had a conversion price of 3.00 per share) on November 10, 2023, the holders
exchanged their shares of Series F Preferred Stock for shares of Series E Preferred Stock. All of the shares of Series F Preferred
Stock thereupon were cancelled with 0 shares now outstanding. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively,
there were zero and zero shares of Series F Convertible Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 

Common stock issued 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 

During the three months ended March 31, 2024,
the Company issued 
shares of common stock for payment of board fees to four directors in the amount of 
for services to the board which was expensed during the three months ended March 31, 2024. The volume-weighted average price (VWAP)
per share used to value the services is . 

On April 23, 2024, two shareholders converted 
and for a total of shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock collectively with a stated value of with a conversion
price of per common share resulting in the issuance of and shares of the Company s common stock. 

On April 30, 2024, two shareholders converted 
and for a total of shares of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock collectively with a stated value of with a
conversion price of per common share resulting in the issuance of and shares of the Company s common stock. 

On May 7, 2024, a shareholder converted shares
of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock with a stated value of with a conversion price of per common share resulting in
the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock. 

On May 17, 2024, the Company entered into an At-the-Market
Issuance Sales Agreement (the Sales Agreement with Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC, as sales agent (the Agent providing for the sale by the Company of shares of our common stock, having an aggregate offering price of up to 
 from time to time through the Agent in connection with an at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM
Offering as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). On May 17, 2024,
the Company filed a prospectus supplement with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC relating to the offer and sale
of up to 7,500,000 of common stock in the ATM Offering. 

On June 12, 2024, the Company issued shares
of common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On June 13, 2024, the Company issued shares
of common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On June 17, 2024, the Company issued shares of
common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On June 18, 2024, the Company issued shares
of common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On June 25, 2024, the Company issued shares
of common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

In summary during the three months ended June
30, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating
total net proceeds of approximately . 

During the three months ended June 30, 2024, the Company
issued shares of common stock for payment of board fees to four directors in the amount of for services to the board which
was expensed during the three months ended June 30, 2024. The volume-weighted average price (VWAP) per share used to value the services
is . 

On June 30, 2024, the Company issued shares
of common stock to employees participating in the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan at the end of a six-month offering period.
The employee contributions totaled for the six months ended June 30, 2024 which represented a purchase price of approximately
 per share. The purchase price for one share of Common Stock under the ESPP is equal to 85 of the fair market value of one share
of Common Stock on the first trading day of the offering period or the purchase date, whichever is lower (see below). 

On July 1, 2024, the Company issued shares of
common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On July 5, 2024, a shareholder converted shares
of Series D Convertible Preferred Stock with a stated value of with a conversion price of per common share resulting in
the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock. 

On July 11, 2024, the Company issued shares of
common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On July 12, 2024, the Company issued shares of
common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On July 15, 2024, the Company issued shares
of common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On July 16, 2024, the Company issued shares
of common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On July 17, 2024, the Company issued shares
of common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On July 18, 2024, the Company issued shares
of common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On July 22, 2024, the Company issued shares of
common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On July 24, 2024, the Company issued shares of
common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On July 25, 2024, the Company issued shares of
common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On July 26, 2024, the Company issued shares
of common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On July 29, 2024, the Company issued shares
of common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On July 30, 2024, the Company issued shares
of common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

On September 19, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate
of 
 shares of common stock, upon the exercise by 21 April Fund LP and 21 April Fund Ltd. (collectively, the 21 April Entities of warrants to purchase 
 and 
 shares of Common Stock, respectively. In connection with such exercise, the Company and the 21 April Entities agreed to reduce
the exercise price of the warrants to 
 per share, and to remove any blocker or similar provisions in the warrants. The Company received 
 upon the exercise. 

On September 30, 2024, the Company issued shares
of common stock at a price of per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately
 . 

In summary during the three months ended September
30, 2024, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of common stock through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating
total net proceeds of approximately . 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company issued shares of common stock for payment of board fees to four directors in the amount of for services to
the board which was expensed during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The volume-weighted average price (VWAP) per share used
to value the services is . 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

During the three months ended March 31, 2023, the
Company issued shares of common stock for payment of board fees to three directors in the amount of for services to the
board which was expensed during the three months ended March 31, 2023. The volume-weighted average price (VWAP) per share used to value
the services is . 

During the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Company
issued shares of common stock for payment of board fees to three directors in the amount of for services to the board which
was expensed during the three months ended June 30, 2023. The volume-weighted average price (VWAP) per share used to value the services
is . 

On June 30, 2023, the Company issued shares
of common stock to employees participating in the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan at the end of a six-month offering period.
The employee contributions totaled for the six months ended June 30, 2023 and represented a purchase price of per share.
The purchase price for one share of Common Stock under the ESPP is equal to 85 of the fair market value of one share of Common Stock
on the first trading day of the offering period or the purchase date, whichever is lower (see below). 

During the three months ended September 30,
2023, the Company issued 
shares of common stock for payment of board fees to four directors in the amount of 
for services to the board which was expensed during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The volume-weighted average
price (VWAP) per share used to value the services is . 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

In the fourth quarter of 2022, the board of directors
adopted an Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP which was effective as of January 1, 2023 with a term of years. The Company s
Chief Financial Officer administers the ESPP in conjunction with approvals from the Company s Compensation Committee, including
with respect to the frequency and duration of offering periods, the maximum number of shares that an eligible employee may purchase during
an offering period, and, subject to certain limitations set forth in the ESPP, the per-share purchase price. Currently, the maximum number
of shares that can be purchased by an eligible employee under the ESPP is 10,000 shares per offering period and there are two six-month
offering periods that begin in the first and third quarters of each fiscal year. The purchase price for one share of Common Stock under
the ESPP is currently equal to of the fair market value of one share of Common Stock on the first trading day of the offering period
or the purchase date, whichever is lower (look-back feature). Although not required by the ESPP, all payroll deductions received or held
by the Company under the ESPP are segregated until the completion of the offering period and redemption of the applicable shares and those
withheld amounts are recorded as liabilities. The maximum aggregate number of shares of the Common Stock that may be issued under the
ESPP is shares. 

Under ASC 718-50 Employee Share Purchase Plans 
the plan is considered a compensatory plan and the compensation for each six-month offering period is computed based upon the grant date
(that is the first date of each offering period) fair value of the estimated shares to be purchased based on the estimated payroll deduction
withholdings. Each grant date fair value is computed as the sum of (a) 15 purchase discount off of the grant date quoted trading price
of the Company s common stock and (b) the fair value of the look-back feature of the Company s common stock on the grant date
which consists of a call option on 85 of a share of common stock and a put option on 15 of a share of common stock. 

The Company computed the fair value of the look-back
feature call and put options for January 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 using a Black Scholes option pricing model using the following
assumptions: 

- 

Grant date exercise price 

- 

Expected term 

years - years 

Expected volatility 

- 

Risk-free rate 

- 

Expected dividend rate 

During the offer period, the Company records
stock-based compensation pro rata as an expense and a credit to additional paid-in capital. The Company issued and 
common shares on the option exercise dates of June 30, 2024 and June 30, 2023, respectively. The following table discloses relevant information
for the ESPP for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 

Stock based compensation expense 

Total charges related to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

For the Nine Months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Cash from employee withholdings used to purchase ESPP shares 

Stock based compensation expense 

Total charges related to the Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Stock-Based Compensation: Options and Warrants 

Stock-based compensation expense recognized under
ASC 718-10 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was and , respectively, for stock options granted to
employees. This expense is included in general and administrative expenses in the unaudited consolidated statements of operations. Stock-based
compensation expense recognized during the periods is based on the grant-date fair value of the portion of share-based payment awards
that are ultimately expected to vest during the period. At September 30, 2024, the total compensation cost for stock options not yet recognized
was . This cost will be recognized over the remaining vesting term of the options ranging from six months to two and one-half
years. 

On May 12, 2021, the Board adopted the 2021 Equity
Incentive Plan (the 2021 Plan providing for the issuance of up to shares of our common stock. The purpose of
the 2021 Plan is to assist the Company in attracting and retaining key employees, directors and consultants and to provide incentives
to such individuals to align their interests with those of our shareholders. During the third quarter of 2021, the shareholders approved
the issuance of up to one million shares or share equivalents pursuant to the 2021 Plan. The Company filed an S-8 registration statement
in concert with the 2021 Plan which was deemed effective on August 5, 2021. The plan covers a period of ten years. On August 6, 2024,
the Board adopted an amendment to the 2021 Plan increasing the number of shares or share equivalents issuable pursuant to the 2021 Plan
to the greater of 2,500,000 shares or a number of shares based on a formula tied to the Company s fully diluted common equivalent
share capitalization, excluding warrants and options. The amendment was approved by shareholders on September 30, 2024. 

As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, options
to purchase a total of (net of forfeitures) shares of common stock and shares of common stock were outstanding, respectively.
At September 30, 2024, options were exercisable. Of the total options issued, and options were outstanding under
the 2016 Equity Incentive Plan, and were outstanding under the 2021 Plan and a further and non-plan options
to purchase common stock were outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The non-plan options were granted
to four executives as hiring incentives, including the Company s CEO in the fourth quarter of 2020. 

Granted 

Forfeited 

Outstanding at December 31, 2023 

Exercisable at December 31, 2023 

Outstanding at December 31, 2023 

Granted 

Exercised/Forfeited/Expired 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

Exercisable at September 30, 2024 

Warrants 

Warrants
 expired, forfeited, cancelled or exercised 

Warrants
 issued 

Outstanding
 at December 31, 2023 

Exercisable
 at December 31, 2023 

Outstanding
 at December 31, 2023 

Warrants
 issued 

Warrants
 expired, forfeited, cancelled or exercised 

Outstanding
 at September 30, 2024 

Exercisable
 at September 30, 2024 

At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, contract
assets on uncompleted contracts consisted of the following: 

Less: Billings or cash received 

Contract assets 

Contract Liabilities 

Contract liabilities on uncompleted contracts represent
billings and/or cash received that exceed cumulative revenues recognized on uncompleted contracts accounted for under the cost-to-cost
input method, which recognizes revenues based on the ratio of the cost incurred to total estimated costs. 

Contract liabilities on services and consulting revenues
represent billings and/or cash received in excess of revenue recognized on service agreements that are not accounted for under the cost-to-cost
input method. 

At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, contract
liabilities on uncompleted contracts and contract liabilities on services and consulting consisted of the following: 

Less: Cumulative revenues recognized 

Contract liabilities, technology systems, current 

Contract liabilities, services and consulting, current 

Total contract liabilities, current 

Total contract liabilities, services and consulting, non-current 

Contract liabilities at December 31, 2023 were ;
of which for technology systems and in services and consulting have been recognized as of September 30, 2024. 

The Company expects to recognize all current contract
liabilities within 12 months from the respective consolidated balance sheet date. 

In May 2024, the Company recorded an
initial deferred revenue as a contract liability in the amount of 
of which 
related to a pilot program was immediately recognized as revenue (See Note 3). This contract liability resulted from a five-year
contract with a customer where the Company received non-monetary consideration recorded as intangible assets (See Note 3). This
transaction was accounted for under ASC 606-10-32-21 through ASC-606-10-32-24, Non-Cash Consideration. The performance obligations,
which include various support and maintenance services will be recognized as revenue pro-rata over time during the five-year
contract term. The current contract liabilities of 
for just this contract as of September 30, 2024 relate to the portion of the contract value the Company expects to recognize
pro-rata within the next twelve months. The non-current contract liabilities of 
as of September 30, 2024 represent the portion of the contract value that is expected to be recognized pro-rata beyond the next
twelve months. If the Digital Image License Agreement is terminated prior to the completion of the five-year term, then the customer
will pay for the maintenance and support services annually in cash. 

 As of September 30, 2024 the balance in
contract liabilities pertaining to the above agreement is as follows: 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028 

2029 

Total Contract Liabilities 

Disaggregation of Revenue 

The Company is following the guidance of ASC 606-10-55-296
and 297 for disaggregation of revenue. Accordingly, revenue has been disaggregated according to the nature, amount, timing and uncertainty
of revenue and cash flows. We are providing qualitative and quantitative disclosures. 

Qualitative: 

1. 
 We have four distinct revenue sources: 

a. 
 Technology Systems (Turnkey, engineered projects); 

b. 
 AI Technology (Associated maintenance and support services); 

c. 
 Technical Support (Licensing and professional services related to auditing of data center assets); and 

d. 
 Consulting Services (Predetermined algorithms to provide important operating information to the users of our systems). 

2. 
 We currently operate in North America including the USA, Mexico and Canada. 

3. 
 Our customers include rail transportation, commercial, government, banking and IT suppliers. 

4. 
 Our services maintenance contracts are fixed price and fall into two duration types: 

a. 
 Turnkey engineered projects and professional service contracts that are less than one year in duration and are typically one to two quarters in length; and 

b. 
 Maintenance and support contracts ranging from one to five years in length. 

Quantitative: 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Major Goods and Service Lines 

Turnkey Projects 

Maintenance and Support 

Algorithms 

Timing of Revenue Recognition 

Goods transferred over time 

Services transferred over time 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Segments 
 Rail 
 Commercial 
 Government 
 Artificial Intelligence 
 Total 
 
 Primary Geographical Markets 

North America 

Major Goods and Service Lines 

Turnkey Projects 

Maintenance and Support 

Algorithms 

Timing of Revenue Recognition 

Goods transferred over time 

Services transferred over time 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30,
2024 

Segments 
 Rail 
 Commercial 
 Government 
 Artificial Intelligence 
 Total 
 
 Primary Geographical Markets 

North America 

Major Goods and Service Lines 

Turnkey Projects 

Maintenance and Support 

Algorithms 

Timing of Revenue Recognition 

Goods transferred over time 

Services transferred over time 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Segments 
 Rail 
 Commercial 
 Government 
 Artificial Intelligence 
 Total 
 
 Primary Geographical Markets 

North America 

Major Goods and Service Lines 

Turnkey Projects 

Maintenance and Support 

Algorithms 

Timing of Revenue Recognition 

Goods transferred over time 

Services transferred over time 

and , respectively. 

and ,
respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amounts owed were zero and , respectively, and are
included in accounts payable in the accompanying balance sheets. 

with a original issue discount as well as common stock purchase warrants. The
note matures in 2 years from the date of sale and is convertible immediately through the later of the maturity date or payment by the
borrower of the default amount, as defined in the note, into shares of the buyer s common stock at a conversion price of 
or shares. The conversion of the note carries restrictions which include limiting conversion to the extent it would exceed
4.99 of the common stock outstanding of the buyer. The convertible promissory note is subject to standard anti-dilution provisions. 

The common stock purchase warrants are for a total
of common shares of the buyer at an exercise price of per share. The warrants are subject to standard anti-dilution provisions.
The warrants are not exercisable until on or after six months from the issuance date and no later than on or before the third anniversary
of the issuance date. The Company may exercise the warrants at any time after the six-month anniversary of the issuance date on a cashless
basis if there is no effective registration statement covering the resale of the Warrant Shares at prevailing market prices by the holder.
The exercise of these warrants is subject to beneficial ownership limits of 4.99 which may be increased by the holder up to 9.99 as
defined in the warrant. Given that the shares carried no intrinsic value at the time of the transaction and that the overall fair value
is de minimis, the Company has not recorded the warrants associated with the transaction. 

The Company recognized a gain on sale of assets of
 , which is included in other income in the second quarter of 2023. 

The original issue discount is being accrued into
interest income over the term of the note. 

The note receivable was recorded as follows on September
30, 2024: 

Unamortized discount 

Convertible note receivable, net 

shares of Series E Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock. 

The Company filed a Registration Statement on Form
S-8 covering the additional shares or share equivalents issuable under the 2021 Plan as a result of the amendment approved by shareholders
on September 30, 2024. The registration statement was declared effective on October 9, 2024. 

On October 8, 2024, two holders of our Series E Preferred
Stock converted an aggregate of shares of Series E Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock. 

On October 24, 2024, a holder of our Series D Preferred
Stock converted shares of Series D Preferred Stock into shares of Common Stock. 

On October 16, 2024, the Company entered into a Master Lease Agreement
(the Master Lease to lease three Edge Data Centers and related equipment (the Data Centers for a term of
66 months beginning November 1, 2024. The Data Centers are expected to be used by Duos Edge AI, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of
the Company, for the provision of information technology and communications services for users operating in rural areas. 

Subsequent to the balance sheet date and through
November 13, 2024 the Company issued an aggregate of 
shares of common stock at a weighted average price of 
per share through its At-The-Market (ATM) offering program, generating total net proceeds of approximately . 

On November 14, 2024, the Company and Duos Edge AI
amended the secured promissory notes dated July 22, 2024 to provide that the funds raised by the Company s at the market 
facility no longer had to be deposited in a blocked account subject to the lenders security interest and used solely to repay the
notes. The Company may use such funds for general corporate purposes provided that an amount equal to the sum of all funds raised by the
 at the market facility from and after November 14, 2024 through December 1, 2025 and not deposited in the blocked account
must be deposited in the blocked account on or before December 1, 2025. 

35 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis
of Financial Condition and Results of Operation. 

This quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other reports
filed by Duos Technologies Group, Inc., and its operating subsidiaries, Duos Technologies, Inc. Duos ), Duos Edge AI, Inc. Edge and Duos Energy Corporation Energy (Duos Technologies Group, Inc., Duos and Edge, collectively the
 Company we , our , and us from time to time with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC contain or may contain forward-looking statements and information that are based upon beliefs of, and information
currently available to, the Company s management as well as estimates and assumptions made by Company s management. Readers
are cautioned not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which are only predictions and speak only as of the date
hereof. When used in the filings, the words anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, 
 future, intend, plan, aim, project, target, will, 
 may, should, forecast or the negative of these terms and similar expressions as they relate
to the Company or the Company s management identify forward-looking statements. Such statements typically address the Company s
expected future business and financial performance and are subject to risks, uncertainties, assumptions, and other factors, including
the risks contained in the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended
December 31, 2023, relating to the Company s industry, the Company s operations and results of operations, and any businesses
that the Company may acquire. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should the underlying assumptions prove
incorrect, actual results may differ materially from those anticipated, believed, estimated, expected, intended, or planned. 

These factors include, but are not limited to,
risks related to the Company s ability to continue as a going concern, the Company s ability to generate sufficient cash to
continue and expand operations, the competitive environment generally and in the Company s specific market areas, changes in technology,
the availability of and the terms of financing, changes in costs and availability of goods and services, economic conditions in general
and in the Company s specific market areas, changes in federal, state and/or local government laws and regulations potentially affecting
the use of the Company s technology, changes in operating strategy or development plans and the ability to attract and retain qualified
personnel. The Company cautions that the foregoing list of risks, uncertainties and factors is not exclusive. Additional information concerning
these and other risk factors is contained in the Company s most recently filed Annual Report on Form 10-K, subsequent Quarterly
Reports on Form 10-Q, recent Current Reports on Form 8-K, and other filings filed by the Company with the SEC, which are available at
the SEC s website, http://www.sec.gov. The Company believes its plans, intentions and expectations reflected in or suggested by
these forward-looking statements are based on reasonable assumptions. No assurance, however, can be given that the Company will achieve
or realize these plans, intentions or expectations. Indeed, it is likely that some of the Company s assumptions may prove to be
incorrect. The Company s actual results and financial position may vary from those projected or implied in the forward-looking statements
and the variances may be material. Each forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date of the particular statement. We do not undertake
or accept any obligation or undertaking to release publicly any updates or revisions to any forward-looking statements to reflect any
change in our expectations or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any forward-looking statement is based, except
as required by law. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements concerning the Company or other matters attributable to
the Company or any person acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements above. 

Our financial statements are prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). These accounting principles require us to make
certain estimates, judgments and assumptions. We believe that the estimates, judgments and assumptions upon which we rely are reasonable
based upon information available to us at the time that these estimates, judgments and assumptions are made. These estimates, judgments
and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements as well as the reported
amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. Our financial statements would be affected to the extent there are material
differences between these estimates and actual results. In many cases, the accounting treatment of a particular transaction is specifically
dictated by GAAP and does not require management s judgment in its application. There are also areas in which management s
judgment in selecting any available alternative would not produce a materially different result. The following discussion should be read
in conjunction with our financial statements and notes thereto appearing elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 

The Company, operating under its brand name duostech,
develops and deploys technology systems with focus on inspecting and evaluating moving vehicles. Its technology focus is within the Vision
Technology market sector and, more specifically, the Machine Vision subsector. Machine Vision companies provide imaging-based automatic
inspection and analysis for process control for industry with potential expansion into other markets. Duos has developed key technologies
over the past several years in software, industry specific hardware and artificial intelligence and has demonstrated industrial strength
usability of its systems supporting rail, logistics and intermodal businesses that streamline operations, improve safety and reduce costs.
Our team includes engineering subject matter expertise in hardware, software, and information technology as well as industry specific
applications of artificial intelligence also referred to as Expert Artificial Intelligence. We also have specific industry experts in
the rail industry on staff and as consultants. Duos is currently developing industry solutions for its target markets
which will address rail, trucking, aviation and other vehicle-based processes. 

36 

In addition, the Company has begun using its
patented technology and considerable experience in deploying information technology (IT) investments for the provision of Edge Data
Centers, enabling local, high-speed processing in rural and underserved areas. The Company has recently announced that effective
early in the third quarter of 2024, it will be expanding into the market for the provision of bespoke Edge Data Centers (EDCs) for
remote education and healthcare facilities as well as other applications where high-speed, local processing is required. In order to
facilitate this, the Company formed a new subsidiary, Duos Edge AI to pursue this market and has invested approximately 1,500,000
in acquiring assets to begin marketing the solution to defined markets. Additionally, Duos has formed a third subsidiary, Duos
Energy Corporation which began operations in the second half of 2024. The new subsidiary is focused on the burgeoning market for
energy to power data centers and is currently engaged in some consulting for organizations looking to acquire power generation
assets. It is also expected to engage in operations work in this space up to and including the build out of data center power
plants. 

Duos legacy offering, the Railcar Inspection
Portal (RIP), will continue to be the main revenue driver for the consolidated business. The RIP provides both freight and transit railroad
customers and select government agencies the ability to conduct fully remote railcar inspections of trains while they are moving at full
speed. The RIP utilizes a variety of sophisticated optical, laser and speed sensors to scan each passing railcar to create a high-resolution
image-set of the top, sides and undercarriage. These images are then processed with our edge data center using artificial intelligence
(AI) algorithms to identify safety and security defects on each railcar. The algorithms are developed in conjunction with industrial application
experts, in this case resident Railcar Mechanical Engineers, to provide specific guidance in the analysis human in the loop ).
Within seconds of the railcar passing through the RIP, a detailed report is sent to the customer where they are able to take action on
identified issues. This solution has the potential to transform the railroad industry immediately, increasing safety, improving efficiency
and reducing costs. The Company has already deployed this system with several Class 1 railroads and anticipates an increased demand from
transit and other railroad customers along with selected government agencies that operate and/or manage rail traffic. The Company has
deployed RIPs in Canada, Mexico and the United States and anticipates expanding this solution into Europe, Asia and the Middle East in
coming years. The Company has recently secured two strategic patents for the overall concept and applied technology for railcar scanning
and the Company is expecting further patent awards in the coming months for other related technologies. 

The Company has also developed the Automated Logistics
Information System (ALIS) which automates gatehouse operations where transport trucks enter and exit large logistics and intermodal facilities.
This solution incorporates a similar set of sensors, data processing and artificial intelligence to streamline the customer s logistics
transactions and tracking and can also automate the security and safety inspection if called for. The Company is evaluating other solutions
for moving vehicles including aircraft, which could provide similar benefits in terms of safety and efficiency for required inspections
as part of an operations process. The Company is not currently actively pursing further customers for ALIS but will continue to analyze
the potential market and expects to deploy an upgraded Truck Inspector Portal (TIP) which uses the same technology and lessons learned
from ALIS and RIP systems at some point in the future. 

We have developed two proprietary solutions that operate
our software and artificial intelligence. centraco is an Enterprise Information Management Software platform that consolidates data
and events from multiple sources into a unified and distributive user interface. Customized to the end user s Concept of Operations
(CONOPS), it provides improved situational awareness and data visualization for operational objectives compared to traditional manual
inspections. truevue360 is our fully integrated platform that we utilize to develop and deploy Artificial Intelligence (AI) algorithms,
including Machine Learning, Computer Vision, Object Detection and Deep Neural Network-based processing for real-time applications. 

These same Artificial Intelligence applications have
begun to open up other opportunities for the Company to provide revenue producing solutions with potentially high market adoption. 

In the last quarter of 2022, the Company elected not
to renew a support contract for its Integrated Correctional Automation System (iCAS) for one customer. The Company subsequently sold its
iCAS assets to a buyer during the second quarter of 2023 for 165,000 via a convertible note. 

The year 2022 ushered in a new phase in the Company s
development. Although we continue to see an extension of challenges faced in past years, we also see positive changes and opportunities
for our business that will be discussed in greater detail herein. They include: 

Introducing a new subscription based offering for access to data and images by a much broader target market including Class 1 railroads, railcar owners and lessors, and short-line railroads. 

Owning and operating a network of RIPs with multiple subscribers outside of the Company s traditional customer base. 

Selling customized RIPs to Class 1, short-line and other industrial companies where specialized applications or routes demand a bespoke solution . 

Using our current operations experience within edge data centers 
(as deployed for our Railcar Inspection Portal) to drive additional revenues within other markets requiring this type of solution. 

37 

Prospects and Outlook 

The Company s focus
for the last several years was to improve operational and technical execution which will continue into the foreseeable future. This we
expect will enable the commercial side of the business to expand delivery of the Company s products and services into existing customers
and to expand and diversify our current customer base as well as enter new markets. The Company s primary customers have indicated
readiness to order more equipment and services should the Company execute as expected on key deliverables. With the Company working toward
a subscription platform approach for current and planned offerings and its expansion of its artificial intelligence offering, this will
also open up additional commercial avenues to the Company. Historically, the Company has been focused on large, one-time sales with the
subscription opportunities representing an expanded addressable market with an increasing emphasis on recurring revenues. 

The Company expanded its
focus in the rail industry to encompass passenger transportation and was awarded a large, multi-year contract with a national rail carrier
in the second half of 2022. The Company has been developing and constructing the enhanced systems for this contract and anticipates that
it will install a high performance, two-RIP solution for the carrier in 2024, with a long-term services agreement commencing upon delivery
of the system. 

The Company expects to expand its business in the provision of specialized
data centers and in the building, operations and management of power generation assets for all types of data centers and other projects
which require the provision of power. 

Although the Company s prospects for future
revenue growth are anticipated to be favorable, investing in our securities involves risk and careful consideration should be made before
deciding to purchase our securities. There are many risks that affect our business and results of operations, some of which are beyond
our control and unexpected macro events can have a severe impact on the business. Please see the risk factors identified in Item
1A Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024. 

Results of Operations 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with the unaudited financial statements included in this report. 

Comparison for the Three Months Ended September
30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

The following table sets forth a summary of our unaudited
Consolidated Statements of Operations and is used in the following discussions of our results of operations: 

For the Three Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Revenues 
 3,238,910 
 1,530,923 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 2,319,811 
 1,304,335 
 
 Gross margin 
 919,099 
 226,588 
 
 Operating expenses 
 2,839,379 
 3,197,565 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (1,920,280 
 (2,970,977 
 
 Other income 
 518,617 
 23,241 
 
 Net loss 
 (1,401,663 
 (2,947,736 

38 

Revenues 

For the Three Months Ended 

September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 
 Revenues: 

Technology systems 
 1,686,456 
 705,849 
 139 
 
 Services and consulting 
 1,552,454 
 825,074 
 88 
 
 Total revenues 
 3,238,910 
 1,530,923 
 112 

The increase in overall revenues for the quarter ended
September 30, 2024, compared to the quarter ended September 30, 2023, is driven largely by an equitable adjustment related to our two
high-speed Railcar Inspection Portals project, which falls within our technology systems business segment. This adjustment added 1.4
million to the contract s total value, with a substantial portion recognized in the third quarter. We believe that the customer
is approaching the completion of the local site preparation and is preparing for field installation later this year. Additionally, the
Company continues to see opportunities for expansion of its programs with existing customers. In spite of the timing delays that continue
to impact the quarterly results, management remains confident in the long-term potential of the RIP product. The increase in the services
portion of our revenues stems from the addition of new AI and subscription customers that were not present in the same quarter last year
as well as increases in service contract revenue due to higher service contract prices. We also generated 505,982 in services and consulting
revenue from power consulting work, which was new to this quarter. The Company expects growth with new revenue from existing customers,
including services revenue as the result of new maintenance contracts being established on installations coming on-line during 2025. The
Company anticipates revenue growth from new and existing customers related to the subscription offering starting in the back end of 2024
and into 2025. The Company also anticipates renewals of existing and backlog contracts and a shift to the next generation of technology
systems which are currently being manufactured and expect to be completed during early 2025. 

Cost of Revenues 

For the Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 
 Cost of revenues: 

Technology systems 
 947,563 
 883,836 
 7 
 
 Services and consulting 
 1,372,248 
 420,499 
 226 
 
 Total cost of revenues 
 2,319,811 
 1,304,335 
 78 

Cost of revenues largely comprises equipment and labor
necessary to support the implementation of new systems and support and maintenance of existing systems and software projects. 

During the three months ended September 30,
2024, the cost of revenues on technology systems increased compared to the equivalent period in 2023. This increase is primarily due
to the Company continuing the procurement and production of the Canopies for our two high-speed Railcar Inspection Portals during
the third quarter of 2024. We are approaching the end of the manufacturing cycle and beginning preparations for field installation
later in the year. Additionally, the Company records certain fixed, operating and servicing costs for both technology systems and
services and consulting. While we expect that macro-economic factors will continue to drive prices, the Company continues to manage
its costs and, where possible, pass through increased costs to customers in the form of higher prices, although this is not assured.
The cost of revenues for services and consulting increased in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period
last year. This increase is primarily due to 548,121 in amortization expense of the intangible asset related to a nonmonetary
transaction, which was not present in the corresponding period of 2023. The Company also generated 505,982 in services and
consulting revenue from power consulting work, which was provided at cost, further increasing the cost of revenue for services and
consulting, which was also not present in the corresponding period of 2023. 

39 

Gross Margin 

For the Three Months Ended 
September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 

Revenues 
 3,238,910 
 1,530,923 
 112 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 2,319,811 
 1,304,335 
 78 
 
 Gross margin 
 919,099 
 226,588 
 306 

Gross margin increased for the third quarter
of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. The increase in margin was primarily due to the equitable adjustment associated with our
two high-speed, transit-focused Railcar Inspection Portals. These same project revenues and subsequent margin contributions were absent
during the third quarter of 2023. The Company also generated 505,982 in services and consulting revenue from power consulting work, which
was provided at cost, further diluting the overall gross margin. These same project revenues and subsequent margin impacts were absent
during the third quarter of 2023. It should be noted that when comparing the results between two periods, the stage of completion for
manufacturing and installation can factor into those comparisons and should be taken into account when analyzing those periods. 

Operating Expenses 

For the Three Months Ended 
September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing 
 471,411 
 353,386 
 33 
 
 Research and development 
 396,610 
 450,006 
 -12 
 
 General and administration 
 1,971,358 
 2,394,173 
 -18 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 2,839,379 
 3,197,565 
 -11 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company experienced a decrease in overall operating expenses compared to the same period in 2023. There was a significant uptick in
sales and marketing costs, primarily due to an expansion in staff after strengthening our commercial team in the latter half of 2023 in
preparation for entering new markets. Conversely, research and development expenses fell by 12 owing to reduced personnel and scaled-back
testing of prospective technologies. Moreover, general and administrative expenses decreased by 18 due to a reduction in personnel, a
reduction in Stock Compensation and a reduction in legal and consulting spend compared to the same period in 2023. Overall, the Company
continues to focus on stabilizing operating expenses while meeting the increased needs of our customers. 

40 

Loss from Operations 

The loss from operations for the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 1,920,280 and 2,970,977, respectively. The decrease in loss from operations was primarily the result
of higher revenues recorded in the quarter related to the two high-speed RIPs for a passenger transit client accompanied by a planned
reduction in expenses which resulted in an overall decrease in operating loss compared to the same quarter in 2023. 

Other Income/Expense 

Other income for the three months ended September
30, 2024, was 518,617 and 23,241 for the comparative period in 2023. The significant increase in other income is primarily due to a
gain from the fair value adjustment of the warrant liability and gain on extinguishment of warrant liabilities resulting from the exercise
of the warrants. There was no such transaction in 2023. Interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 116,396 and
 1,406 for the comparative period in 2023. The increase in interest expense is primarily due to the amortization of the debt discount
on the 2.2 million note and the associated monthly interest expense in 2024; this note had not been entered into in 2023. 

Net Loss 

The net loss for the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023 was 1,401,663 and 2,947,736, respectively. The 53 decrease in net loss was mostly attributed to the increase in revenues
as described above. Net loss per common share was 0.18 and 0.41 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Comparison for the Nine Months Ended September
30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

The following table sets forth a summary of our unaudited
Consolidated Statements of Operations and is used in the following discussions of our results of operations: 

For the Nine Months Ended 
September 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Revenues 
 5,820,086 
 5,945,270 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 5,020,919 
 4,940,173 
 
 Gross margin 
 799,167 
 1,005,097 
 
 Operating expenses 
 8,696,909 
 9,271,122 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (7,897,742 
 (8,266,025 
 
 Other income 
 539,599 
 185,206 
 
 Net loss 
 (7,358,143 
 (8,080,819 

41 

Revenues 

For the Nine Months Ended 
September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 
 Revenues: 

Technology systems 
 2,221,310 
 3,404,107 
 -35 
 
 Services and consulting 
 3,598,776 
 2,541,163 
 42 
 
 Total revenues 
 5,820,086 
 5,945,270 
 -2 

The
decrease in overall revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, is
primarily attributed to delays outside of the Company s control with deployment of our two high-speed Railcar Inspection
Portals, which are recorded in the technology systems portion of our business. Although these systems were largely ready for
deployment in 2023, customer delays at the deployment site prevented installation even though these two high-speed Railcar
Inspection Portals were deep into their production and manufacturing phases, which did not allow us to record the next phase of
recognition. The Company was able to contract an equitable adjustment related to our two high-speed Railcar Inspection Portals
project in the third quarter of 2024. This adjustment added 1.4 million to the contract s total value, with a substantial
portion recognized in the third quarter of 2024. We believe that the customer is approaching the completion of the local site
preparation and is preparing for field installation later this year. Additionally, the Company continues to see opportunities for
expansion of its programs with existing customers. In spite of the timing delays that continue to impact results, management remains
confident in the long-term potential of the RIP product. The increase in the services portion of our revenues stems from the
addition of new AI and subscription customers that were not present in the same quarter last year as well as increases in service
contract revenue due to higher service contract prices. We also generated 505,982 in services and consulting revenue from power
consulting work, which was new to this period. The Company expects growth with new revenue from existing customers, including
services revenue as the result of new maintenance contracts being established on installations coming on-line during 2025. The
Company anticipates revenue growth from new and existing customers related to the subscription offering starting in the back end of
2024 and into 2025. The Company also anticipates renewals of existing and backlog contracts and a shift to the next generation of
technology systems which are currently being manufactured and expect to be completed during early 2025. 

Cost of Revenues 

For the Nine Months Ended 
September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 
 Cost of revenues: 

Technology systems 
 2,311,912 
 3,723,151 
 -38 
 
 Services and consulting 
 2,709,007 
 1,217,022 
 123 
 
 Total cost of revenues 
 5,020,919 
 4,940,173 
 2 

Cost of revenues largely comprises equipment and labor
necessary to support the implementation of new systems and support and maintenance of existing systems and software projects. 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the
cost of revenues on technology systems decreased compared to the equivalent period in 2023. This reduction is primarily due to the Company
continuing the production and manufacturing phase of our two high-speed Railcar Inspection Portals during the same period of 2023. By
the third quarter of 2024, we are approaching the end of the manufacturing cycle and beginning preparations for field installation later
in the year, and thereby contributing to the decrease in cost of revenues year-over-year related to technology systems. Additionally, the
Company records certain fixed, operating and servicing costs for both technology systems and services and consulting. While we expect
that macro-economic factors will continue to drive prices, the Company continues to manage its costs and, where possible, pass through
increased costs to customers in the form of higher prices, although this is not assured. The cost of revenues for services and consulting
increased in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period last year. This increase is primarily due to 1,021,190
in amortization expense of the intangible asset related to a nonmonetary transaction, which was not present in the corresponding period
of 2023. The Company also generated 505,982 in services and consulting revenue from power consulting work, which was provided at cost,
further increasing the cost of revenue for services and consulting, which was also not present in the corresponding period of 2023. 

42 

Gross Margin 

For the Nine Months Ended 
September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 

Revenues 
 5,820,086 
 5,945,270 
 -2 
 
 Cost of revenues 
 5,020,919 
 4,940,173 
 2 
 
 Gross margin 
 799,167 
 1,005,097 
 -21 

Gross margin decreased during the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the same period in 2023 largely in line with the decline in revenue. As noted above, the decrease
in margin was a direct result of the timing of business activity related to the manufacturing of two high-speed, transit-focused Railcar
Inspection Portals. Those same project revenues and subsequent margin contributions were not present during the first and second quarters
of 2024. The Company also generated 505,982 in services and consulting revenue from power consulting work, which was provided at cost,
further diluting the overall gross margin. These same project revenues and subsequent margin impacts were absent during the first nine
months of 2023. It should be noted that when comparing the results between two periods, the stage of completion for manufacturing and
installation can factor into those comparisons and should be taken into account when analyzing those periods. 

Operating Expenses 

For the Nine Months Ended 
September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Sales and marketing 
 1,737,353 
 962,040 
 81 
 
 Research and development 
 1,168,752 
 1,392,692 
 -16 
 
 General and administration 
 5,790,804 
 6,916,390 
 -16 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 8,696,909 
 9,271,122 
 -6 

During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the
Company experienced a decrease in overall operating expenses compared to the same period in 2023. There was a significant uptick in sales
and marketing costs, primarily due to an expansion in staff after strengthening our commercial team in the latter half of 2023 in preparation
for entering new markets. Conversely, research and development expenses fell by 16 owing to reduced personnel and scaled-back testing
of prospective technologies. Moreover, general and administrative expenses decreased by 16 due to a reduction in personnel and personnel
related expenses as well as a decrease in consulting and legal expenses compared to the same period in 2023. Overall, the Company continues
to focus on stabilizing operating expenses while meeting the increased needs of our customers. 

Loss from Operations 

The loss from operations for the nine months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 7,897,742 and 8,266,025, respectively. The decrease in loss from operations was primarily the result
of planned decreases in operating expenses, which offset the impact of lower revenues recorded in the period as a consequence of delays
in going to field for the two high-speed RIPs for a passenger transit client. 

Other Income/Expense 

Other income for the nine months ended September 30,
2024, was 539,999 and 185,206 for the comparative period in 2023. The significant increase in other income is primarily due to a gain
from the fair value adjustment of the warrant liability and gain on extinguishment of warrant liabilities resulting from the exercise
of the warrants in 2024, whereas, in 2023, other income included the sale of assets relating to the Integrated Correctional Automation
System (iCAS). Interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 117,991 and 5,816 for the comparative period in 2023.
The increase is primarily due to the amortization of the debt discount on the 2.2 million note and the associated monthly interest expense
in 2024; this note had not been entered into in 2023. 

43 

Net Loss 

The net loss for the nine months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023 was 7,358,143 and 8,080,819, respectively. The 9 decrease in net loss was mostly attributed to the decrease in operating
costs as described above. Net loss per common share was 0.98 and 1.12 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company has a working
capital deficit of 1,600,154 and the Company had a net loss of 7,358,143 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Cash Flows 

The following table sets forth the major components
of our statements of cash flows data for the periods presented: 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (6,200,147 
 (5,637,072 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (1,555,544 
 (898,435 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 5,959,962 
 8,681,331 
 
 Net (decrease) increase in cash 
 (1,795,729 
 2,145,824 

Net cash used in operating activities for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 6,200,147 and 5,637,072, respectively. The increase in net cash used in operating activities
for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was the result of cash outflows to procure necessary materials and overall sales and marketing,
general and administration expenses offset by cash inflows from milestone payments related to current projects. 

Net cash used in investing activities for the nine
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 1,555,544 and 898,435, respectively, representing an increase in the purchase of various
fixed assets including our three edge data centers that are currently being manufactured to be deployed in the later half of 2024; the
remainder includes the purchase of computer equipment and product and software development and disbursements for patent costs. 

Net cash provided by financing activities for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was 5,959,962 and 8,681,331, respectively. Cash flows provided by financing activities
during the first nine months of 2024 were primarily attributable to gross proceeds of approximately 2,995,002 from issuances of Series
D and Series E Convertible Preferred Stock, along with a combined total of 1,096,532 in proceeds from the issuance of common stock via
warrant exercises of 899,521 and our At-The-Market (ATM) offering program for proceeds of 197,011. Cash flows from financing activities
during the first nine months of 2023 were primarily attributable to the issuance of Series E and Series F Convertible Preferred Stock
for 9,000,000 of gross proceeds offset by repayments of certain loans related to financing of insurance costs. 

On a long-term basis, our liquidity is dependent on
the continuation and expansion of operations and receipt of revenues. We believe our current capital and revenues are sufficient to fund
such expansion and our operations over the next twelve months, although we are dependent on timely payments from our customers for projects
and work in process. However, we expect such timely payments to continue. Material cash requirements for our rail inspection portal projects
will be satisfied within the normal course of business including substantial upfront payments from our customers prior to starting projects.
However, for our edge data center business, upfront customer payments are not standard practice, and therefore, alternative funding arrangements
may be necessary. The Company may elect to purchase materials and supplies in advance of contract award but where there is a high probability
of that award. 

Demand for our products and services will be dependent
on, among other things, market acceptance of our products and services, the technology market in general, and general economic conditions,
which are cyclical in nature. Because a major portion of our activities is the receipt of revenues from the sales of our products and
services, our business operations may continue to be challenged by our competitors and prolonged recession periods. 

44 

Liquidity 

Under Accounting Codification ASC 205, Presentation
of Financial Statements Going Concern (Subtopic 205-40) ASC 205-40 ), the Company has the responsibility to evaluate
whether conditions and/or events raise substantial doubt about its ability to meet its future financial obligations as they become due
within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. As required by ASC 205-40, this evaluation shall initially not
take into consideration the potential mitigating effects of plans that have not been fully implemented as of the date the financial statements
are issued. Management has assessed the Company s ability to continue as a going concern in accordance with the requirement of ASC
205-40. 

As reflected in the accompanying consolidated financial
statements, the Company had a net loss of 7,358,143 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the same period, cash used in
operating activities was 6,200,147. The working capital deficit and accumulated deficit as of September 30, 2024, were 1,600,154 and
 70,961,695, respectively. In previous financial reports, the Company had raised substantial doubt about continuing as a going concern.
This was principally due to a lack of working capital prior to underwritten offerings and private placements which were completed during
2022, 2023, and now the first, second, and third quarters of 2024 as well. 

As previously noted, the Company was successful
during 2023 in raising gross proceeds of over 11,500,000 from the sale of Series E and F Preferred Stock. Additionally, in the first
and second quarters of 2024, the Company raised gross proceeds of 2,995,000 from the issuance of a combination of Series D and E Preferred
Stock (See Note 6). Additionally, during the second quarter of 2024 the Company entered into an ATM Sales Agreement (the Sales
Agreement with Ascendiant Capital Markets, LLC (the Sales Agent or ACM relating to the sale of our
common stock, pursuant to the prospectus dated May 17, 2024. In accordance with the terms of the Sales Agreement, we may offer and sell
shares of our common stock bearing an aggregate offering price of up to 7,500,000 from time to time through or to ACM, acting as an agent
or principal. 

 ATM sales commenced in the second quarter, and
from June through October, the Company has sold an average of 125,000 per month in Common Stock through the facility and we anticipate
this monthly amount to continue over the next twelve months. 

On July 22, 2024, the Company, through its wholly
owned subsidiary Duos Edge AI, Inc., entered into secured promissory notes totaling 2.2 million in funding with two institutional investors.
These notes mature on December 31, 2025, and bear an interest rate of 10 per annum, with all principal and accrued interest due at maturity.
The proceeds are designated exclusively for the equipment and services required for the installation of the Company's previously announced
edge data centers. 

In
the long run, the continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the ability of the Company to continue executing its
business plan, generate enough revenue, and attain consistently profitable operations. Although the lingering effects of the global pandemic
related to the coronavirus (Covid-19) previously affected our operations, particularly in our supply chain, we now believe that the supply
chain lags have largely been abated. We have analyzed our cash flow under stress test conditions and have determined that
we have sufficient liquid assets on hand or available via the capital markets to maintain operations for at least twelve months from the
issuance date of this report. 

In addition, management has been taking and continues
to take actions including, but not limited to, elimination of certain costs that do not contribute to short term revenue, and re-aligning
both management and staffing with a focus on improving certain skill sets necessary to build growth and profitability and focusing product
strategy on opportunities across all three lines of business that are likely to bear results in the relatively short term. The Company
believes that, as described above, it will have sufficient sources of working capital to meet its obligations over the following twelve
months. In the last twelve months the Company has experienced relatively steady contracted backlog as well as seen positive signs from
new commercial engagements that indicate improvements in future commercial opportunities for both one-time capital and recurring services
revenues. 

45 

Management believes that, at this time, the conditions
in our market space with ongoing contract delays, the consequent need to procure certain materials in advance of a binding contract and
the additional time needed to execute on new contracts previously reported have put a strain on our cash reserves. However, proactive
management of our existing contracts, recent stock offerings and private placements as well as the availability to raise capital via our
at-the-market offering indicate there is no substantial doubt that the Company can continue as a going concern for a period of twelve
months from the issuance date of this report. We continue executing the plan to grow our business and achieve profitability. The Company
may selectively look at opportunities for fund raising in the future. Management has extensively evaluated our requirements for the next
twelve months and has determined that the Company currently has sufficient cash and access to capital to operate for at least that period. 

While no assurance can be provided, management believes
that these actions provide the opportunity for the Company to continue as a going concern and to grow its business and achieve profitability
with access to additional capital funding. Ultimately the continuation of the Company as a going concern is dependent upon the ability
of the Company to continue executing the plan described above which was put in place in late 2022, continued in 2023, and will continue
in 2024 and beyond. These consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments related to the recoverability and classification
of recorded asset amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going
concern. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Intangible Assets 

In May 2024, the Company recorded an intangible
asset with a fair value of 11,161,428. This asset represents non-monetary consideration received under a 5-year customer contract, in
which the Company will provide maintenance services to the customer. The intangible asset represents Digital Image data rights in the
form of a license agreement received by the Company from the customer. 

Significant estimates relating to this transaction
are the initial valuation of this non-monetary transaction with the customer and the subsequent impairment analysis. 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company follows Accounting Standards Codification
606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers ASC 606 ), that affects the timing of when certain types of revenues will be
recognized. The basic principles in ASC 606 include the following: a contract with a customer creates distinct contract assets and performance
obligations, satisfaction of a performance obligation creates revenue, and a performance obligation is satisfied upon transfer of control
to a good or service to a customer. 

Revenue is recognized by evaluating our revenue contracts
with customers based on the five-step model under ASC 606: 

1. 
 Identify the contract with the customer; 

2. 
 Identify the performance obligations in the contract; 

3. 
 Determine the transaction price; 

4. 
 Allocate the transaction price to separate performance obligations; and 

5. 
 Recognize revenue when (or as) each performance obligation is satisfied. 

The Company generates revenue from four sources: 

1. Technology Systems 

 2. AI Technologies 

 3. Technical Support 

 4. Consulting Services 

Critical estimates relating to revenue recognition
include the estimates of cost to complete projects which are utilized in the computation of percentage of completion. 

46 

Stock Based Compensation 

The Company accounts for employee and non-employee
stock-based compensation in accordance with ASC 718-10, Share-Based Payment , which requires the measurement and recognition
of compensation expense for all share-based payment awards made to employees and directors including stock options, restricted stock units,
and employee stock purchases based on estimated fair values. The stock-based compensation carries a graded vesting feature subject to
the condition of time of employment service with awarded stock-based compensation tranches vesting evenly upon the anniversary date of
the award. 

The Company estimates the fair value of stock options
granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing formula. In accordance with ASC 718-10-35-8, the Company elected to recognize the fair
value of the stock award using the graded vesting method as time of employment service is the criteria for vesting. The Company s
determination of fair value using an option-pricing model is affected by the stock price as well as assumptions regarding a number of
highly subjective variables. 

The Company estimates volatility based upon the historical
stock price of the Company and estimates the expected term for stock options using the simplified method for employees and directors and
the contractual term for non-employees. The risk-free rate is determined based upon the prevailing rate of United States Treasury securities
with similar maturities. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk. 

Not applicable. 

Item
4. Controls and Procedures. 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

With the participation of our Chief Executive Officer,
Chief Financial Officer and Controller, we have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as such term is
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of
the end of the period covered by this Report. Based upon such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller
have concluded that, as of the end of such period, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required
to be disclosed by us in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Controller, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting

There were no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September
30, 2024 that have materially affected or are reasonably likely to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

47 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

From time to time, we may be involved in litigation
relating to claims arising out of our operations in the normal course of business. We are currently not involved in any litigation that
we believe could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. There is no action, suit, proceeding,
inquiry or investigation before or by any court, public board, government agency, self-regulatory organization or body pending or, to
the knowledge of the executive officers of our Company or any of our subsidiaries, threatened against or affecting our Company, our common
stock, any of our subsidiaries or any of our Company s or our subsidiaries officers or directors in their capacities as such,
in which an adverse decision could have a material adverse effect. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

We believe there are no changes that constitute material
changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
on April 1, 2024. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

None 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

There has been no default in the payment of principal,
interest, sinking or purchase fund installment, or any other material default, with respect to any indebtedness of the Company. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable 

Item 5. Other Information. 

Trading Plans 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director
or Section 16 officer or any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements
(in each case, as defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K). 

48 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 

3.12 
 
 Articles
 of Amendment to Articles of Incorporation (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.12 to the
 Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on September
 23, 2024). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Form
 of Common Stock Purchase Warrant (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's
 Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2024). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Form
 of Secured Promissory Note (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2024). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Form
 of Security Agreement (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company's Current
 Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2024). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form
 of Guaranty (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's Current Report on
 Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on July 23, 2024). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a)). 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer of Registrant pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification by the Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 200. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification by the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed 

 Furnished herewith 

49 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DUOS TECHNOLOGIES GROUP, INC. 

Date: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Charles P. Ferry 

Charles P. Ferry 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Date: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Adrian G. Goldfarb 

Adrian G. Goldfarb 
 Chief Financial Officer 

50 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Charles P. Ferry, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q of Duos Technologies Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly for the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Charles P. Ferry 

Charles P. Ferry 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Adrian G. Goldfarb, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly
report on Form 10-Q of Duos Technologies Group, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
quarterly report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this quarterly
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this quarterly report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 
 designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly for the period in which this quarterly report is being prepared; 

b) 
 
 designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; 

d) 
 
 disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): 

a) 
 
 all significant deficiencies in the design or operation of internal controls which could adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial data and have identified for the registrant s auditors any material weaknesses in internal controls; and 

b) 
 
 any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal controls over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Adrian G. Goldfarb 

Adrian G. Goldfarb 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Quarterly Report of Duos Technologies
Group, Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof, I, Charles P. Ferry, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 Such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Charles P. Ferry 

Charles P. Ferry 

Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex32x2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with this Quarterly Report of Duos Technologies
Group, Inc. (the Company ), on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof, I, Adrian G. Goldfarb, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify to the best of my knowledge, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. Sec. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Sec. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) 
 
 Such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 
 The information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Adrian G. Goldfarb 

Adrian G. Goldfarb 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.PRE>
 6
 duot-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 duot-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 duot-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 duot-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 duot-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

