<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241022_10-Q_edgar_data_826253_0001213900-24-089379.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4905625</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>69581</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1127897</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>899982</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1349295</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1370822</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-089379.hdr.sgml : 20241022
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241021175527
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-089379
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		74
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240831
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241022
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241021

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AURA SYSTEMS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000826253
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MISCELLANEOUS ELECTRICAL MACHINERY, EQUIPMENT & SUPPLIES [3690]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				954106894
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0228

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-17249
		FILM NUMBER:		241384313

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10541 ASHDALE STREET
		CITY:			STANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90680
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3106435300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10541 ASHDALE STREET
		CITY:			STANTON
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90680

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-089379.txt : 20241022

10-Q
 1
 ea0218074-10q_aura.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

Form 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______________ to
______________ 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices and zip
code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Former name, former address and former fiscal year,
if changed since last report: 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days: YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted
pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to submit and post such files). YES NO 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large, accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large, accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the issuer s classes of Common Stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

Class Outstanding October 11, 2024 Common Stock, par value 0.0001 per share shares 

AURA SYSTEMS, INC. 

INDEX 

Index 

Page No. 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of August 31, 2024 (unaudited) and February 29, 2024 
 
 1 

Condensed Statements of Operations for the three and six months ended August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023 
 
 2 

Condensed Statements of Shareholders Deficit as of August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023 
 
 3 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows August 31, 2024 and August 31, 2023 
 
 4 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 5 

ITEM 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 17 

ITEM 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 21 

ITEM 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 22 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 23 

ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 24 

ITEM 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 24 

ITEM 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 24 

ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 24 

ITEM 5. 
 Other Information 
 
 24 

ITEM 6. 
 Exhibits 
 
 24 

SIGNATURES AND CERTIFICATIONS 
 
 25 

i 

PART
I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AURA SYSTEMS, INC. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

August 31, 
 2024 
 February 29, 
 2024 
 
 (amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 (Unaudited) 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable 
 
 -

Inventories 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Lease security deposit 

Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued interest 

Customer advances 

Convertible notes payable past due 

Convertible notes payable-related party, current portion past due 

Notes payable current portion 

Notes payable-related parties, current portion past due 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Derivative liability 
 
 -

Total current liabilities 

Notes payable, non-current portion 

Convertible note payable-related party, non-current portion 
 
 -

Notes payable-related parties, non-current portion 
 -

Operating lease liability 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 
 -
 
 -

Shareholders deficit 

Common stock: par value; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding August 31, 2024, and February 29, 2024, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total liabilities and shareholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements 

1 

AURA SYSTEMS, INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(Unaudited) 

Three-Months Ended 
 Six-Months Ended 

August 31, 
 August 31, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Net revenue 
 
 -

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit (loss) 

Operating expenses 

Engineering, research and development 

Selling, general administration 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense, net (including , , and to related parties, respectively) 

Loss on debt extinguishment related party 
 -
 
 -

-

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liability 
 
 -

Other 
 -

-

Net loss 

Basic and diluted loss per share 

Basic and diluted weighted-average shares outstanding 

See accompanying notes to these unaudited financial
statements. 

2 

AURA SYSTEMS, INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

(Unaudited) 

Three Months
and Six Months Ended August 31, 2023 

(amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 Common Stock Shares 
 Common Stock Amount 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Shareholders Deficit 
 
 Balance, February 28, 2023 

Common shares issued for cash 
 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, May 31, 2023 

Common shares issued for cash 

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, August 31, 2023 (unaudited) 

Three Months
and Six Months Ended August 31, 2024 

(amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 Common Stock Shares 
 Common Stock Amount 
 Additional Paid-In Capital 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Shareholders 
Deficit 
 
 Balance, February 29, 2024 

Common shares issued for cash 

-

Fair value of modified warrants - related party 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, May 31, 2024 

Common shares issued for cash 
 
 -

-

Fair value of stock options 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

Balance, August 31, 2024 (unaudited) 

See accompanying notes to these unaudited financial
statements. 

3 

AURA SYSTEMS, INC. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(Unaudited) 

Six Months Ended 

August 31, 2024 
 August 31, 2023 
 
 (amounts in thousands) 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash used in operating activities 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of debt discount 
 
 -

Inventory write-down 

Loss on debt extinguishment related party 
 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Fair value of stock options 
 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 
 
 -

Inventory 

Prepaid and other current assets 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and customer advances 

Accrued interest 

Customer advances 
 -

Operating lease liability 

Cash used in operating activities 

Cash used in investing activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 
 
 -

Cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Principal payments of notes payable 

Cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents-beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents-end of period 

Cash paid for: 

Interest 
 -

Income taxes 
 -
 
 -

Supplemental schedule of non-cash transactions: 

Fair value of modified warrants - related party 
 
 -

Notes payable issued for the purchase of property and equipment 
 
 -

Fair value of a convertible note payable 
 
 -

Extinguishment of note payable and accrued interest related party 
 
 -

Conversion feature of convertible note payable related party accounted as derivative liability 
 
 -

Reclassification of prepaid expense to property and equipment 
 -

Adjustment to interest expense to account for the effective interest rate of note payable 
 -

See accompanying notes to these unaudited financial
statements. 

4 

AURA SYSTEMS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED AUGUST 31, 2024 AND
2023 
(Unaudited) 

(Amounts in thousands, except share and per
share amounts) 

and used cash in operating activities of . As of August 31,
2024, the Company also has a shareholder deficit of and notes payable totaling are also past due. These factors raise
substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date that the financial
statements are issued. In addition, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, in its report on the
Company s February 29, 2024, financial statements, raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a
going concern. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue
as a going concern. 

5 

, , and of accounts payable. 

, , and of accounts payable. 

6 

Total 
 -
 
 -

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Gain on extinguishment 
 -

August 31, 2024 

7 

Options 

Convertible notes 

Total 

(b) Convertible notes payable 2 past due 

Unamortized debt discount 
 -

Net 

. The notes are unsecured, bear interest at per annum and are convertible into shares of common
stock at a conversion price of per share, as adjusted. As of August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024, the outstanding balance of the convertible
notes payable amounted to and are past due. 

in exchange for cash. The notes are unsecured, bear interest at rate of per annum,
and matured in March 2024. The notes payable are convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share. As
of August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024, the outstanding balance of the convertible notes payable amounted to and , respectively,
and are past due. 

8 

(b) Convertible note payable 2 past due 

(c) Convertible note payable 3 Kopple (see Note 5) 
 
 -

Total 

Current 
 
 -

Non-current 
 
 -

convertible note. The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at per annum,
and was due February 2, 2023. The convertible note is convertible into shares of common stock at a conversion price of per share,
as adjusted. As of August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024, the outstanding balance of the convertible note amounted to and
is past due. 

in exchange for cash to a member of the Company s Board of
Directors. The convertible note is unsecured, bears interest at rate of per annum and matured in March 2024. The convertible note
payable is convertible to common stock at a conversion price of per share. As of August 31, 2024 and February 29, 2024, the outstanding
balance of the convertible note amounted to and is past due. 

per share or of the 10 day volume weighted average price of the Company s
common stock. As the amended Kopple note payable is convertible into common stock, it is now reported as a convertible note payable. The
conversion right became effective on August 30, 2024. The Company accounted for the amended terms of the note payable as a debt extinguishment
and the existing note payable and accrued interest totaling was derecognized and the amended convertible note payable was recorded
at its fair value of . The convertible note payable is secured by tangible and intangible assets of the Company, bears interest
at a rate of per annum and matures in June 2029. As of August 31, 2024, the outstanding balance of the convertible note amounted
to . 

The Company is also subject to certain
affirmative and negative covenants such as periodic submission of financial statements to Kopple and restrictions on future financing
and investing activities, as defined in the agreement, including the covenant to not create any indebtedness that is senior in right of
payment to the Kopple debt. Management believes such covenants are normal for this type of transaction and that management believes meeting
these covenants will not affect the operations of the Company. 

9 

(b) Notes payable-vehicle and equipment 

(c) Note payable - software license 

(d) Notes payable machinery and other equipment 
 
 -

Unsecured notes payable 

(e) Note payable-other 

Total 

Current 

Non-current 

(a) Note payable-EID loan 

During Fiscal 2021, the Company received a 
loan under the United States Small Business Administration SBA Economic Injury Disaster Loan EID Loan program. The loan is due , interest accrues at per annum and is secured by the assets of the Company. 

(b) Notes payable-vehicle and equipment 

During Fiscal 2022, the Company issued two notes
payable to purchase equipment and a vehicle for . The notes are secured by the equipment and vehicle purchased. The first note for
 is due October 31, 2024, and requires 36 equal monthly payments of approximately , including interest at per annum. The second
note for is due January 20, 2027, and requires 72 equal monthly payments of approximately , including interest at interest
per annum. 

(c) Note payable-software license 

During Fiscal 2024, the Company obtained a loan
of from a financing institution to finance the use of a third-party software license by the Company. The note payable is secured
by tangible and intangible assets of the Company, bears interest at an average rate of per annum and will mature in September
2026. 

(d) Notes payable machinery and other
equipment 

During Fiscal 2025, the Company obtained a loan
of from a financing institution to finance the purchase of a production machine by the Company. The note payable is secured by the
production machine, bears a straight up fee of to be paid over the course of the loan which will mature in April 2029. 

In addition, the Company entered into a 60-month
financing lease for a forklift with a cost of . The lease has an interest rate of , including a bargain purchase option to acquire
the forklift at the end of the lease term for a payment of dollar. 

The aggregate total of the note payable and financing
lease obligation as of August 31, 2024, amounted to . 

(e) Note payable-other 

As of August 31, 2024, and February 29, 2024,
the Company has one note payable due to an individual issued in September 2015 that is payable on demand with an interest rate of 
per annum. 

10 

(b) Note payable- Gagerman past due 

(c) Note payable-Jiangsu Shengfeng past due 

Total 

Non-current 
 -

Current 

. Robert Kopple is
the former Vice-Chairman of the Company s Board of Directors and is a current shareholder in the Company. Beginning in 2017, Kopple
brought suit against the Company for repayment of the notes. On March 14, 2022, the Company reached an agreement with Kopple to resolve
all remaining litigation between them, including all amounts owed to Kopple under the notes. Under the terms of the settlement, the Company
agreed to issue a new note and pay Kopple an aggregate amount of to be paid in installments, of which, was due
in June 2022, and the remaining to be paid over seven years at per year. Additionally, the settlement agreement
granted Kopple warrants exercisable into shares of the Company s common stock at a price of per share. 

became
due, of which was only paid. Subsequently, the note was amended several times to extend the payment date of the remaining balance
of of the initial payment, and the Company incurred extension and forbearance fees totaling that was recorded as
part of interest expense. In January 2023, pursuant to the terms of the amended note payable, the Company started accruing interest on
the outstanding note balance at a rate of per annum, compounded annually. As of February 29, 2024, outstanding principal balance
amount of . 

past due principal balance with the requirement to
pay on or before December 15, 2024; (ii) increased the stated interest rate to ; (iii) added a fee of monthly
until the Company makes a principal payment of million by December 2024; (iv) effective August 30, 2024, the Company granted Kopple
the right (but not any obligation) to convert the note payable into equity of the Company at a conversion price equal to the lower of
 dollar per share or of the day volume weighted average price per share of the Company s common stock;
(v) will require the Company to pay of all collected revenues within 10 days of the end of each fiscal quarter; (vi) will require
the Company to pay Kopple of any amount raised in new capital in the form of equity, debt or convertible debt above million;
(vii) reduces the exercise price of the warrants granted to Kopple in March 2022 from per share to per share; and
(vii) extends the warrant expiration date of the warrants granted to Kopple in March 2022 from March 8, 2029, to March 31, 2031. 

as a result of this amendment, which is the difference between (i) the fair value of the amended convertible
note payable of , combined with the fair value of the conversion option of (see Note 8), and the change in the fair value
of the amended warrants of , and (ii) the net carrying amount of the existing note payable of . 

was derecognized and amended note payable was recorded at its fair value of . As the Kopple new note payable
is now convertible to common stock, for financial reporting purposes, the new note payable of is reported as a convertible note
payable (see Note 3). 

11 

that bears interest at a rate of per annum. Gagerman claims that this note has not been repaid to
date and is now owed. 

and corresponding
accrued interest. 

of
a Chinese joint venture named Jiangsu Shengfeng. The Joint venture advanced Aura in prior years for products that the Company failed
to deliver to the joint venture. The Company reached an agreement with the joint venture regarding the return of that had been advanced
to the Company in prior years. As a result, in November 2019, the Company issued a non-interest-bearing promissory note for to the
joint venture to be paid over an 11-month period beginning March 15, 2020, through February 15, 2021. The joint venture stopped operations
in 2020 as a result of COVID-19 and never resumed or restarted operations. In early fiscal 2024 the joint venture was dissolved and liquidated.
As of August 31, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the outstanding balance of this note payable amounted to . 

Convertible notes payable - related party Kopple 
 
 -

Convertible notes payable - related party others 

Notes payable - related party Kopple 
 -

Notes payable - related party others 

Notes payable 

Total 

square foot facility in Lake Forest, California. The Lake Forest lease is
for 66-months effective February 2021 through August 31, 2026. The initial monthly base rental rate was approximately per month and
escalates each year to approximately per month in 2026. The lease liability was determined by discounting the future lease payments
under the lease terms using a per annum discount rate to arrive at the current lease liability. 

12 

Other Information Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Weighted average remaining lease term operating leases (in years) Average discount rate operating leases 

Short-term operating lease liabilities 

Long-term operating lease liabilities 

Total operating lease liabilities 

2026 

2027 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest/present value discount 

Present value of lease liability 

of the 10 day volume-weighted average price per share of the Company s
common stock. The Company analyzed the conversion option for derivative accounting consideration under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging,
and determined that the conversion option should be classified as a derivative liability since it does not have an explicit limit to the
number of shares to be delivered upon settlement of the conversion option. The derivative liability is remeasured to fair value at each
reporting period, and the change in the fair value is recognized in earnings in the accompanying statements of operations. The Company
estimated the fair value of the conversion option derivative liability using a Black-Scholes option pricing model and recorded the fair
value of the derivative liability of at March 7, 2024, the date of issuance, and at August 31, 2024. 

13 

Risk free interest rate 

Expected volatility 

Expected life in years 

Expected dividend yield 

Number of common stock issuable 

Fair value of derivative liability 

shares of common stock for approximately in cash. As part of the offering, the Company also granted certain
investors warrants to purchase shares of common stock. The warrants are fully vested, exercisable at per share, and will
expire in years. 

During the six-months ended August 31, 2023, the
Company issued shares of common stock for approximately in cash. 

Stock Options 

-

Granted 

- 
 
 Exercised 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Cancelled 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Outstanding, August 31, 2024 

-

The Company granted no stock options under its
stock option 2011 Plan for the six-month period ended August 31, 2023. 

During the six months ended August 31, 2024, the
Company s Board of Directors approved options exercisable into shares to be issued pursuant to the Company s 2011
Plan. options were issued to Board members and options were issued to an employee, with immediate vesting. 

The stock options are exercisable at a price of
 per share and expire in . The total fair value of these options at grant date was approximately , which was determined
using a Black-Scholes option pricing model with the following average assumption: stock price of share, expected term of ,
volatility of , dividend rate of , and weighted average risk-free interest rate of . The expected term represents the weighted-average
period of time that share option awards granted are expected to be outstanding giving consideration to vesting schedules and historical
participant exercise behavior; the expected volatility is based upon historical volatility of the Company s common stock; the expected
dividend yield is based on the fact that the Company has not paid dividends in the past and does not expect to pay dividends in the future;
and the risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of measurement corresponding with the
expected term of the share option award. 

14 

. The exercise prices and information related to options under the 2011 Plan outstanding on August
31, 2024 is as follows: 

to . 

Warrants 

Granted 

Exercised 
 -
 
 -

Cancelled 

Outstanding, August 31, 2024 

There was no intrinsic value as of August 31,
2024, as the exercise prices of these warrants were greater than the market price of the Company s stock. 

and , respectively, shareholder of the Company. For the six months ending on August 31, 2024 and 2023, the
Company incurred consulting fees to BetterSea of and , respectively. As of August 31, 2024, and February 29, 2024, a total of approximately
 and respectively, was due to BetterSea and included accounts payable and accrued expenses. 

15 

which he claims was entered into in April 2014 and bears
interest at a rate of per annum. Despite the fact that, based on Gagerman s allegations, the note was issued during a period
when he was the Company s CEO, CFO, Corporate Secretary and Chairman of Aura s Board of Directors, Gagerman has stated that
he does not possess a copy of the alleged promissory note. The Company disputes that any amount is presently owed to Gagerman and has
filed a cross-complaint against him for, among things, conversion, violation of California Business Professions Code 17200,
and various breaches of fiduciary duty that the Company believes Gagerman committed against Aura, including without limitation, Gagerman s
actions in opposing the valid 2019 stockholder consent action (see Note 5). 

On March 26, 2019, various stockholders of the
Company controlling a combined total of more than million shares delivered a signed written consent to the Company removing Ronald
Buschur as a member of the Company s Board and electing Cipora Lavut as a director of the Company. On March 27, 2019, those same
stockholders delivered a further signed written consent to the Company removing William Anderson and Si Ryong Yu as members of the Company s
Board and electing Robert Lempert and David Mann as directors of the Company. These written consents represented a majority of the outstanding
shares of the Company s common stock as of March 26, 2019, and March 27, 2019, respectively. Because of Aura s refusal to
recognize the legal effectiveness of the consents, on April 8, 2019, the stockholders filed suit in the Court of Chancery of the State
of Delaware pursuant to Section 225 of the Delaware General Corporations Law, seeking an order confirming the validity of the consents
and declaring that Aura s Board consists of Ms. Lavut, Mr. Mann, Dr. Lempert, Mr. Douglas and Mr. Diaz-Vers n, Jr. On July
8, 2019 the Court of Chancery entered final judgment in favor of the stockholder plaintiffs, confirming that (a) Ronald Buschur, Si Ryong
Yu and William Anderson had been validly removed by the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding stock acting by written
consent (b) Ms. Lavut, Mr. Mann and Dr. Lempert had been validly elected by the holders of a majority of the Company s outstanding
stock acting by written consent, and (c) the Company s Board of Directors validly consists of Cipora Lavut, David Mann, Robert Lempert,
Gary Douglas and Salvador Diaz- Vers n, Jr. As a result of prior management s unsuccessful opposition to this stockholders 
action filed in the Court of Chancery, such stockholders may be potentially entitled to recoup their litigation costs from the Company
under Delaware s corporate benefit doctrine and/or other legal provisions. To date, no final determination has been made as to the
amount of recoupment, if any, to which such stockholders may be entitled. 

shares of common stock for cash . 

16 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS (Amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Forward Looking Statements 

This Report contains forward-looking statements
within the meaning of the federal securities laws. Statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report, including
the statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
regarding future events or prospects are forward-looking statements. The words approximates, believes, forecasts, 
 expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, plans would, 
 could, should, seek, may, or other similar expressions in this Report, as well
as other statements regarding matters that are not historical fact, constitute forward-looking statements. We caution investors that any
forward-looking statements presented in this Report are based on the beliefs of, assumptions made by, and information currently available
to, us. Such statements are based on assumptions and the actual outcome will be affected by known and unknown risks, trends, uncertainties
and factors that are beyond our control or ability to predict. Although we believe that our assumptions are reasonable, they are not guarantees
of future performance and some will inevitably prove to be incorrect. As a result, our actual future results may differ from our expectations,
and those differences may be material. Accordingly, investors should use caution in relying on forward-looking statements to anticipate
future results or trends. 

Some of the risks and uncertainties that may cause
our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those expressed or implied by forward-looking statements include
the following: 

Our ability to generate positive cash flow from operations; 

Our ability to obtain additional financing to fund our operations; 

The impact of economic, political and market conditions on us and our customers; 

The impact of unfavorable results of legal proceedings; 

Our exposure to potential liability arising from possible errors and omissions, breach of fiduciary duty, breach of duty of care, waste of corporate assets and/or similar claims that may be asserted against us; 

Our ability to compete effectively against competitors offering different technologies; 

Our business development and operating development; 

Our expectations of growth in demand for our products; and 

Other risks described under the heading Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and those risks discussed in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including those risks discussed under the caption Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended February 29, 2024, issued on June 4, 2024 (as the same may be updated from time to time in subsequent quarterly reports), which discussion is incorporated herein by this reference. 

We do not intend to update or revise any forward-looking
statements, whether because of new information, future events or otherwise except to the extent required by law. You should interpret
all subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf as being expressly qualified
by the cautionary statements in this Report. As a result, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

17 

Overview 

Our business is based on the exploitation of our
Axial Flux Induction technology for both electric motors and generators. Our power generation solution based on axial flux induction is
known as the AuraGen for commercial and industrial applications and the VIPER for military applications. Aura s
axial flux induction technology provide: (i) higher motor/generator efficiency, that directly translated to lower cost for operations
(ii) lighter and smaller machines that lead to lower manufacturing cost, (iii) higher reliability that results in less down time and maintenance
cost, (iv) the only raw materials used for construction are copper and steel without any rare earth or any other types of permanent magnets.
This immediately results in global availability without market risks as well as geopolitical risks of dependence on single source, and
(v) the use of approximately 60 less of copper than the equivalent radial flux induction machines, results in less needed mining to extract
the needed copper with direct positive environmental impact. 

Our business model consists of three major components:
(i) sales and marketing, iii) design and engineering and (iii) axial flux induction motors and generators manufacturing. Our sales and
marketing approaches are composed of direct sales in North America and the use of agents and distributors in other areas. In addition,
we are also exploring limited licensing of our technology to very large potential users as well as potential joint ventures with existing
industrial motor/generator suppliers. The second component of our business model is focused on the design, engineer and commercialize
of new commercial and industrial electric motors based on our axial flux induction for numerous applications such as pumps, compressors,
and HVAC. We are also designing electric motors for both 2- and 4-wheel EV application, as well as, expending the product line for electric
power generation. The third component of our business model is to set up manufacturing of the axial flux induction products being engineered
and design. 

We are currently completing a 250-kW electric
motor prototype based on our axial flux induction for EV applications. This activity is in conjunction with a large European tier 1 automotive
supplier interest and inputs. We have also in May 2024 completed the installation of our new smaller 10-kW mobile power generator on a
Polaris type ATV platform for US military applications. We expect in the coming months to start shipping this new product to a specific
customer. We are also currently in discussions for usage of our technology for numerous wind turbines applications. 

In fiscal 2024 and first quarter of fiscal 2025
we have significantly increased our engineering capabilities with having hired experts engineers in thermo dynamics (Ph.D.), electromagnetic
motor design (Ph.D.) Power electronics control (Ph.D.) and mechanical design (M.S.M.E). We have also acquired the latest in advance
engineering tools such as Ansys Maxwell finite elements, MATLAB and 3-D solid work. Our engineering, research and development costs for
the three months ended August 31, 2024, were approximately 98.4. 

In Fiscal 2020 stockholders of the Company successfully
removed Ronald Buschur, William Anderson and Si Ryong Yu from the Company s Board of Directors and elected Ms. Cipora Lavut, Mr.
David Mann and Dr. Robert Lempert as directors of the Company in their stead. See Item 3, Legal Proceedings for more information. Also,
in Fiscal 2020, Melvin Gagerman Aura s CEO and CFO since 2006 was replaced. In July 2019 Ms. Lavut
succeeded Mr. Gagerman as President and Mr. Mann succeeded Mr. Gagerman as CFO. Dr. Lempert was appointed as Secretary of the Company
by the Board of Directors also in July 2019. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our management s discussion and analysis
of our financial conditions and results of operations are based upon our financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of financial statements requires management
to make estimates and disclosures on the date of the financial statements. In preparing our financial statements, we have made our best
estimates and judgments of certain amounts included in the financial statements. We use authoritative pronouncements, historical experience
and other assumptions as the basis for making judgments. For these key estimates and assumptions, we made appropriate accounting estimates
based on the facts and circumstances available as of the reporting date. To the extent that there are significant differences between
these estimates and actual results, our financial statements may be materially affected. Significant estimates include assumptions made
for inventory reserve, impairment testing of long-lived assets, the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets, assumptions used in valuing
derivative liabilities, assumptions used in valuing share-based compensation, and accruals for potential liabilities. Amounts could materially
change in the future. Actual results could differ from those estimates. There were no changes to our critical accounting policies described
in the financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2024, that impacted our
condensed financial statements and related notes included herein. 

18 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with
Financial Accounting Standard Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue
from Contracts with Customers. In accordance with ASC 606, we recognize revenue, net of discounts, for our generator sets at time of product
delivery to the domestic distributor (i.e. point-in-time), which also corresponds to the passage of legal title to the customer and the
satisfaction of our performance obligations to the customer. 

Inventories 

Inventories are valued at the lower of cost (first-in,
first-out) or net realizable value, on an average cost basis. We review the components of inventory on a regular basis for excess or obsolete
inventory based on estimated future usage and sales. When evidence exists that the net realizable value of inventory is lower than its
cost, the difference is recognized as a loss in the period in which it occurs. Once inventory has been written down, it creates a new
cost basis for inventory that may not be subsequently written up. 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

The Company evaluates its financial instruments
to determine if such instruments are derivatives or contain features that qualify as embedded derivatives. For derivative financial instruments
that are accounted for as liabilities, the derivative instrument is initially recorded at its fair value and is then re-valued at each
reporting date, with changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. The classification of derivative instruments,
including whether such instruments should be recorded as liabilities or as equity, is evaluated at the end of each reporting period. Derivative
instrument liabilities are classified in the balance sheet as current or non-current based on whether or not net-cash settlement of the
derivative instrument could be required within 12 months of the balance sheet date. 

Inflation 

Higher inflation, the actions by the Federal Reserve
Bank to address inflation, most notably continuing increases in interest rates, and rising energy prices create uncertainty about the
future economic environment. The Company expects that the impact of these issues will continue to evolve. The Company believes these factors
impacted the Company s business in fiscals 2023 and 2024 and will continue to impact the Company s business in fiscal 2025.
The implications of higher government deficits and debt, tighter monetary policy, and higher long-term interest rates may drive a higher
cost of capital for the business and an increase in the Company s operating expenses. 

COVID-19 

As of the date of this filing, the COVID-19 pandemic
has been declared to be officially over. Despite this fact, there continues to be lingering impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic in the regions
in which the Company operates. The Company has not observed any impairments of its assets or a significant change in the fair value of
its assets due to the COVID-19 pandemic. At this time, it is not possible for the Company to predict the duration or magnitude of the
adverse results stemming from the outbreak and its lingering effects on the Company s business or results of operations, financial
condition, or liquidity. 

Results of Operations 

Three months ended August 31, 2024, compared
to three months ended August 31, 2023 

Net revenue was 3 for the three-months ended
August 31, 2024, compared to 0 for the three-months ended August 31, 2023. Revenues continue to be negatively impacted due to a generally
low level of resources on our legacy products as well as our shift to the development and production of the prototype for our new product
line. We cannot project with confidence the timing or amount of revenue that we can expect until the prototype is completed, which should
be in Fiscal 2025. 

Cost of goods sold was (18) in the three-months
ended August 31, 2024, compared to 80 for the three-months ended August 31, 2023. The gross loss and related gross margin loss were largely
influenced by the low volume of shipments in this quarter which reduced our ability to fully absorb fixed operating costs. 

19 

Engineering, research and development expenses
were 239 in the three-months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 287 for the three-months ended August 31, 2023. 

Selling, general and administration SG A expenses for the three months ending August 31, 2024, were 2,255 as compared to 342 for the three months ending August 31, 2023, an
increased by 1,913 or 559 . The increase in SG A was due to increased headcount and pay increases, and 1,601 in stock-based compensation,
which did not occur in the prior year period. 

Interest expense decreased by 123 to 289 from
 412 for the three months ending August 31, 2024, and 2023 respectively. 

Six months ended August 31, 2024, compared
to six months ended August 31, 2023 

Net revenue was 50 for the six-months ended August
31, 2024, compared to 10 for the six-months ended August 31, 2023. Revenues continue to be negatively impacted due to a generally low
level of resources on our legacy products as well as our shift to the development and production of the prototype for our new product
line. We cannot project with confidence the timing or amount of revenue that we can expect until the prototype is completed, which should
be in Fiscal 2025. 

Cost of goods sold was 29 in the six months ended
August 31, 2024, compared to 95 for the six-months ended August 31, 2023. This resulted in a gross profit of 21 compared to a gross
loss of 85 for the six-months ended August 31, 2023. The cost of goods sold in the six-months ended August 31, 2024, included an increase
in the inventory reserve of 20. The gross loss and related gross margin for the six-months ended August 31, 2023 were largely influenced
by the low volume of shipments in this quarter which reduced our ability to fully absorb fixed operating costs. 

Engineering, research and development expenses
were 549 in the six-months ended August 31, 2024, compared to 494 for the six-months ended August 31, 2023. 

Selling, general and administration SG A expenses for the six months ending August 31, 2024, were 2,629 as compared to 850 for the six months ending August 31, 2023, an increased
by 1,779 or 209 . The increase in SG A was due to increased headcount and pay increases, and 1,601 in stock-based compensation,
which did not occur in the prior period. 

Interest expense decreased by 276 to 564 from
 840 for the six months ending August 31, 2024, and 2023 respectively. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Going Concern 

During the six-month period ended August 31, 2024,
the Company recognized net loss of 21,648 from operation and used cash in operating activities of 1,619. As of August 31, 2024, the
Company also has a shareholder deficit of 39,770 and notes payable totaling 5,315 are also past due. These factors raise substantial
doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern within one year of the date that the financial statements are issued.
In addition, the Company s independent registered public accounting firm, in its report on the Company s February 29, 2024,
financial statements, raised substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

In the event the Company is unable to generate
profits and is unable to obtain financing for its working capital requirements, it may have to curtail its business further or cease business
altogether. Substantial additional capital resources will be required to fund continuing expenditures related to our research, development,
manufacturing and business development activities. The Company s continuation as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to
generate sufficient cash flow to meet its obligations on a timely basis, to retain its current financing, to obtain additional financing,
and ultimately to attain profitability. 

20 

During the next twelve months we intend to continue
to attempt to increase the Company s operations and focus on the sale of our AuraGen /VIPER products both domestically
and internationally and to add to our existing management team. In addition, we plan to source new suppliers for manufacturing operations,
rebuild the engineering and sales teams, and to the extent appropriate, utilize third party contractors to support the operation. We anticipate
being able to obtain new sources of funding to support these actions in the upcoming fiscal year. 

At August 31, 2024, we had cash of 15, compared
to cash of approximately 124 at February 29, 2024. Subsequent to August 31, 2024, the Company issued 2,876,070 shares of common stock
in exchange for cash proceeds of approximately 719. 

Prior to Fiscal 2020, in order to maintain liquidity,
we relied upon external sources of financing, principally equity financing and private indebtedness. We have no bank line of credit and
will require additional debt or equity financing to fund ongoing operations. Based on a cash flow analysis performed by management, we
estimate that we will need an additional 6,000 to maintain existing operations for Fiscal 2025 and increase the volume of shipments to
customers. We cannot assure the reader that additional financing will be available nor that the commercial targets will be met in the
amounts required to keep the business operating. The issuance of additional shares of equity in connection with such financing could dilute
the interests of our existing stockholders, and such dilution could be substantial. If we cannot raise the needed funds, we will also
be forced to make further substantial reductions in our operating expenses, which could adversely affect our ability to implement our
current business plan and ultimately our viability as a company. 

Between July 2017 and March 2022, the Company
was engaged in litigation with a former director, Robert Kopple, relating to more than 13,000 and the current equivalent of the approximately
23 million warrants, exercisable for seven years at a price of 0.10 per share, which Mr. Kopple and his affiliated entities (collectively
the Kopple claimed should have been originally issued to them pursuant to various agreements with the Company entered to
between 2013-2016. In March 2022, the Company reached a settlement with Kopple that resolves all claims asserted against the Company without
any admission, concession or finding of any fault, liability or wrongdoing on the part of the Company. Under the terms of the settlement,
we have agreed to pay an aggregate amount of 10,000 over a period of seven years; 3,000 of which was originally to be paid in June 2022,
and subsequently extended to August 1, 2023. Beginning in January 2023, interest began to accrue on the unpaid balance at a rate of 6 ,
compounded annually. All amounts, including all accrued interest and deferred forbearance fees, are to be paid no later than eight years
from the date of the initial payment. As of the date of this report, the Company has not yet paid the full 3,000 installment due to Kopple;
having only made a partial payment of 150 in June 2022. In March 2024, the Company and Kopple again amended the note payable. The amendment
(i) replaced the requirement to pay the 3,850 past due principal balance with the requirement to pay 2,000 due December
15, 2024, effectively extending the payment of 1,850 to future periods; (ii) increased the stated interest rate to 10 ; (iii)
added a fee of 15 monthly until the Company makes a principal payment of 2 million by December 2024; (iv) effective August
30, 2024, the Company will grant Kopple a conversion right that gives Kopple the option to be able to convert the note payable into equity
of the Company at a conversion price of the lower of 1.00 per share or 50 of the 10 day volume weighted average
price of the Company s common stock; (v) during Fiscal 2025, will require the Company to pay 20 of all collected revenues
within 10 days of the end of each fiscal quarter; (vi) will require the Company to pay Kopple 20 of any amount raised in new capital
in the form of equity, debt or convertible debt above 3.5 million; (vii) reduces the exercise price of the warrants granted to Kopple
in March 2022 from 0.85 per share to 0.50 per share; and (vii) extends the warrant expiration date from March 8, 2029, to
March 31, 2031. 

See Item 3. Legal Proceedings and
 Part IV, Item 15, Notes 9 and 17 to the Financial Statements included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K
filed with the SEC on August 31, 2024 for information regarding the dispute and settlement with Mr. Kopple regarding these transactions. 

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to provide disclosure under this Item 3. 

21 

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of our
President and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act as of the end of the period covered by this Report. In
designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how
well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design
of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and that management is required to apply
its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of our disclosure
controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 Rules 13a-15(f). Based on this evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were
effective as of August 31, 2023. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no other changes in our internal
control over financial reporting during our fiscal quarter ended August 31, 2024, not previously identified in our Annual Report on Form
10-K, for the fiscal year ended February 29, 2024 and issued on August 31, 2024 which have materially affected or are reasonably likely
to materially affect our internal control over financial reporting. 

22 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

(Amounts in thousands, except share and per
share amounts) 

ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 

We are subject to the legal proceedings and claims
discussed below as well as certain other legal proceedings and claims that have not been fully resolved and that have arisen in the ordinary
course of business. Our management evaluates our exposure to these claims and proceedings individually and in the aggregate and evaluates
potential losses on such litigation if the amount of the loss is estimable and the loss is probable. However, the outcome of legal proceedings
and claims brought against the Company is subject to significant uncertainty. Although management considers the likelihood of such an
outcome to be remote, if one or more of these legal matters were resolved against the Company for amounts in excess of management s
expectations, the Company s financial statements for that reporting period could be materially adversely affected. 

In 2017, the Company s former COO was awarded
approximately 238 in accrued salary and related charges by the California labor board. In August 2021, the Company reached a settlement
by which the Company agreed to pay approximately 330, representing the principal award plus accrued interest. As of the time of this
filing, the Company has paid the full amount toward the settlement amount, leaving no remaining balance. 

In March 2024, the Company and Kopple again amended
the note payable. The amendment (i) replaced the requirement to pay the 3,850 past due principal balance with the requirement to
pay 2,000 due December 15, 2024, effectively extending the payment of 1,850 to future periods; (ii) increased the stated
interest rate to 10 ; (iii) added a fee of 15 monthly until the Company makes a principal payment of 2 million by December
2024; (iv) effective August 30, 2024, the Company will grant Kopple a conversion right that gives Kopple the option to be able to convert
the note payable into equity of the Company at a conversion price of the lower of 1.00 per share or 50 of the 10 day
volume weighted average price of the Company s common stock; (v) during Fiscal 2025, will require the Company to pay 20 of
all collected revenues within 10 days of the end of each fiscal quarter; (vi) will require the Company to pay Kopple 20 of any amount
raised in new capital in the form of equity, debt or convertible debt above 3.5 million; (vii) reduces the exercise price of the
warrants granted to Kopple in March 2022 from 0.85 per share to 0.50 per share; and (vii) extends the warrant expiration date
from March 8, 2029, to March 31, 2031. The Company will account for this amendment in the first quarter ended March 31, 2024, for
fiscal year 2025. 

On March 26, 2019, various stockholders of the
Company controlling a combined total of more than 27.5 million shares delivered a signed written consent to the Company removing Ronald
Buschur as a member of the Company s Board and electing Cipora Lavut as a director of the Company. On March 27, 2019, those
same stockholders delivered a further signed written consent to the Company removing William Anderson and Si Ryong Yu as members of the
Company s Board and electing Robert Lempert and David Mann as directors of the Company. These written consents represented a majority
of the outstanding shares of the Company s common stock as of March 26, 2019, and March 27, 2019, respectively. Because
of Aura s refusal to recognize the legal effectiveness of the consents, on April 8, 2019, the stockholders filed suit in the
Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware pursuant to Section 225 of the Delaware General Corporations Law, seeking an order confirming
the validity of the consents and declaring that Aura s Board consists of Ms. Lavut, Mr. Mann, Dr. Lempert, Mr. Douglas
and Mr. Diaz-Vers n, Jr. On July 8, 2019 the Court of Chancery entered final judgment in favor of the stockholder plaintiffs,
confirming that (a) Ronald Buschur, Si Ryong Yu and William Anderson had been validly removed by the holders of a majority of the Company s
outstanding stock acting by written consent (b) Ms. Lavut, Mr. Mann and Dr. Lempert had been validly elected by the holders of a majority
of the Company s outstanding stock acting by written consent, and (c) the Company s Board of Directors validly consists of
Cipora Lavut, David Mann, Robert Lempert, Gary Douglas and Salvador Diaz-Vers n, Jr. As a result of prior management s unsuccessful
opposition to this stockholders action filed in the Court of Chancery, such stockholders may be potentially entitled to recoup
their litigation costs from the Company under Delaware s corporate benefit doctrine and/or other legal provisions. To date, no final
determination has been made as to the amount of recoupment, if any, to which such stockholders may be entitled. 

23 

In June 2022, Melvin Gagerman, the Company s
former CEO and CFO whose employment with Aura was permanently terminated in July 2019, brought suit against the Company for repayment
of an allegedly unsecured demand promissory note in the principal amount of 82 which he claims was entered into in April 2014 and bears
interest at a rate of 10 per annum. Despite the fact that, based on Gagerman s allegations, the note was issued during a period
when he was the Company s CEO, CFO, Corporate Secretary and Chairman of Aura s Board of Directors, Gagerman has stated that
he does not possess a copy of the alleged promissory note. The Company disputes that any amount is presently owed to Gagerman and has
filed a cross-complaint against him for, among things, conversion, violation of California Business Professions Code 17200,
and various breaches of fiduciary duty that the Company believes Gagerman committed against Aura, including without limitation, Gagerman s
actions in opposing the valid 2019 stockholder consent action. 

ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 

In addition to the other information set forth
in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors disclosed in Item 1A, Risk Factors, of the Company s
Fiscal 2024 Annual Report on Form 10-K issued on June 4, 2024. 

ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds 

During the six-months ended August 31, 2024, the
Company issued 7,875,600 shares of common stock for approximately 1,763 in net cash. 

ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 

None 

ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. Other Information. 

. 

ITEM 6. Exhibits 

31.1 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

31.2 
 
 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Date: October 21, 2024 
 AURA SYSTEMS, INC. 

(Registrant) 

By: 
 /s/ Cipora Lavut 

Cipora Lavut 

President 

25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea0218074ex31-1_aura.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Cipora Lavut, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Aura Systems, Inc. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report. 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 21, 2024 
 /s/ Cipora Lavut 

Cipora Lavut 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea0218074ex31-2_aura.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934 

I, Cipora Lavut, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Aura Systems, Inc. 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 21, 2024 
 /s/ Cipora Lavut 

Cipora Lavut 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea0218074ex32-1_aura.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title
18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350,
as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of Aura Systems, Inc. (the Company does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge, that: 

1. 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: 
 October 21, 2024 
 
 /s/ Cipora Lavut 

Cipora Lavut 

Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

The certifications set forth
above are being furnished as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed to be
 filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated
by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in
typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Aura Systems, Inc. and
will be retained by Aura Systems, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea0218074ex32-2_aura.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer 

 Pursuant to Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title
18 of the United States Code 

Pursuant to U.S.C. Section 1350,
as created by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, the undersigned Principal Financial Officer of Aura Systems, Inc. (the Company does hereby certify, to the best of such officer s knowledge, that: 

1. 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company for the quarterly period ended August 31, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: 
 October 21, 2024 
 
 /s/ David Mann 

David Mann 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

The certifications set forth
above are being furnished as an exhibit solely pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed to be
 filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated
by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in
typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Aura Systems, Inc. and
will be retained by Aura Systems, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ausi-20240831.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ausi-20240831_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ausi-20240831_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ausi-20240831_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ausi-20240831_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

