<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_733269_0000733269-24-000039.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8672812</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>104654</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1798799</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2932510</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1966389</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1690771</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000733269-24-000039.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106170115
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000733269-24-000039
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		95
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LiveRamp Holdings, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000733269
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROCESSING & DATA PREPARATION [7374]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				710581897
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38669
		FILM NUMBER:		241432009

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 BUSH STREET
		STREET 2:		17TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		866-352-3267

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		225 BUSH STREET
		STREET 2:		17TH FLOOR
		CITY:			SAN FRANCISCO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94104

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Acxiom Holdings, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20180920

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACXIOM CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CCX NETWORK INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19880816

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000733269-24-000039.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 ramp-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ramp-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ----- to ----- 
 
 Commission file number: 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. [X] 
 No [ ] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). [X] 
 No [ ] 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. [X] 
 Accelerated filer [ ] Non-accelerated filer [ ] Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. [ ] Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes [ ] No 

The number of shares of common stock, 0.10 par value per share, outstanding as of November 1, 2024 was . 
 
 1 

LIVERAMP HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 September 30, 2024 
 Page No. 
 Forward-looking Statements 
 3 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and March 31, 2024 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income Loss for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 9 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity for the three and six months ended September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) 
 10 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 11 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 13 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 30 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 44 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 44 
 Part II. Other Information 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 45 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 45 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 46 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 47 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 47 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 47 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 48 
 Signature 
 49 

2 

Forward-looking Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, including, without limitation, the items set forth beginning in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, contains and may incorporate by reference certain statements that may be deemed to be forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended (the PSLRA ), and that are intended to enjoy the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements provided by the PSLRA. These statements, which are not statements of historical fact, may contain estimates, assumptions, projections and/or expectations regarding the Company s financial position, results of operations, market position, product development, growth opportunities, economic conditions, and other similar forecasts and statements of expectation. Forward-looking statements are often identified by words or phrases such as anticipate, estimate, plan, expect, believe, intend, foresee, or the negative of these terms or other similar variations thereof. These forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to a number of factors and uncertainties that could cause the Company s actual results and experiences to differ materially from the anticipated results and expectations expressed in the forward-looking statements. 
 
 Forward-looking statements may include but are not limited to the following: 
 
 management s expectations about the macro economy and trends within the consumer or business information industries, including the use of data and consumer expectations related thereto; 
 
 statements regarding our competitive position within our industry and our differentiation strategies; 
 
 our expectations regarding laws, regulations and industry practices governing the collection and use of 
 personal data; 
 
 our expectations regarding the potential impact of public health crises, similar to the COVID-19 pandemic, on our business, operations, and the markets in which we and our partners and customers operate; 
 
 our expectations regarding the impact of tax-related legislation on our tax position; 
 
 our estimates, assumptions, projections and/or expectations regarding the Company's annualized future cost savings and expenses associated with our global workforce strategy and real estate footprint reduction; 
 
 statements regarding our liquidity needs or containing a projection of revenues, operating income (loss), income (loss), earnings (loss) per share, capital expenditures, research and development spending, dividends, capital structure, or other financial items; 
 statements of the plans and objectives of management for future operations; 
 statements of future performance, including, but not limited to, those statements contained in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; 
 statements regarding future stock-based compensation expense; 
 statements containing any assumptions underlying or relating to any of the above statements; and 
 statements containing a projection or estimate. 
 Among the factors that may cause actual results and expectations to differ from anticipated results and expectations expressed in such forward-looking statements are the following: 
 
 the risk factors described in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on May 22, 2024 and in Part I, Item 2.Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Part II, Item 1A.Risk Factors of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and those described from time to time in our future reports filed with the SEC; 
 3 

the possibility that, in the event a change of control of the Company is sought, certain customers may attempt to invoke provisions in their contracts allowing for termination upon a change in control, which may result in a decline in revenue and profit; 
 the possibility that we will fail to fully realize the potential benefits of acquired businesses (including Habu) or the integration of such acquired businesses may not be as successful as planned; 
 the possibility that the fair value of certain of our assets may not be equal to the carrying value of those assets now or in future time periods; 
 the possibility that sales cycles may lengthen; 
 the possibility that we will not be able to properly motivate our sales force or other employees; 
 the possibility that we may not be able to attract and retain qualified technical and leadership employees, or that we may lose key employees to other organizations; 
 the possibility that our global workforce strategy could encounter difficulty and not be as beneficial as planned; 
 the possibility that we may not be able to sublease our exited office spaces on favorable terms and rates; 
 the possibility that competent, competitive products, technologies or services will be introduced into the marketplace by other companies; 
 the possibility that we will fail to keep up with rapidly changing technology practices in our products and services or that expected benefits from utilization of technological innovations may not be realized as soon as expected or at all; 
 the possibility that there will be changes in consumer or business information industries and markets that negatively impact the Company; 
 the possibility that we will not be able to protect proprietary information and technology or to obtain necessary licenses on commercially reasonable terms; 
 the possibility that there will be continued changes in the judicial, legislative, regulatory, accounting, cultural and consumer environments affecting our business, including but not limited to litigation, investigations, legislation, regulations and customs at the state, federal and international levels impairing our and our customers' ability to collect, process, manage, aggregate, store and/or use data of the type necessary for our business; 
 the possibility that data suppliers might withdraw data from us, leading to our inability to provide certain products and services, in particular that there might be restrictive legislation in the U.S. and other countries that restricts the availability of data; 
 the possibility that data purchasers will reduce their reliance on us by developing and using their own, or alternative, sources of data generally or with respect to certain data elements or categories; 
 the possibility that we may enter into short-term contracts that would affect the predictability of our revenues; 
 the possibility that the amount of volume-based and other transactional-based work will not be as expected; 
 the possibility that we may experience a loss of data center capacity or capability or interruption of telecommunication links or power sources; 
 the possibility that we may experience failures or breaches of our network and data security systems, leading to potential adverse publicity, negative customer reaction, or liability to third parties; 
 the possibility that our customers may cancel or modify their agreements with us, or may not make timely or complete payments; 
 4 

the possibility that we will not successfully meet customer contract requirements or the service levels specified in the contracts, which may result in contract penalties or lost revenue; 
 the possibility that we experience processing errors that result in credits to customers, re-performance of services or payment of damages to customers; 
 the possibility that our performance may decline and we lose advertisers and revenue as the use of "third-party cookies" or other tracking technology continues to be pressured by Internet users, restricted or otherwise subject to unfavorable regulation, blocked or limited by technical changes on end users' devices, or our customers' ability to use data on our platform is otherwise restricted; 
 general and global negative conditions, risk of recession, high interest rates, the military conflicts in Europe and the Middle East, capital markets volatility, bank failures, government shutdowns, cost increases and general inflationary pressure and other related causes; and 
 our tax rate and other effects of the changes to U.S. federal tax law. 
 
 With respect to the provision of products or services outside our primary base of operations in the United States, all of the above factors apply, along with the difficulty of doing business in numerous sovereign jurisdictions due to differences in scale, competition, culture, laws and regulations. 
 
 Other factors are detailed from time to time in periodic reports and registration statements filed with the SEC. The Company believes that it has the product and technology offerings, facilities, employees and competitive and financial resources for continued business success, but future revenues, costs, margins and profits are all influenced by a number of factors, including those discussed above, all of which are inherently difficult to forecast. 
 
 In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the Company cautions readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements and such risks, uncertainties and assumptions speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and the Company expressly disclaims any obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements contained herein, to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto, or any other change based on the occurrence of future events, the receipt of new information or otherwise, except to the extent otherwise required by law. 
 5 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 LIVERAMP HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Dollars in thousands) September 30, March 31, 2024 2024 ASSETS (unaudited) Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Short-term investments Trade accounts receivable, net Refundable income taxes, net Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization Intangible assets, net Goodwill Deferred commissions, net Other assets, net LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Accrued payroll and related expenses Other accrued expenses Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Other liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive income Treasury stock, at cost ) ) Total stockholders' equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

LIVERAMP HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 For the three months ended For the six months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Gains, losses and other items, net Total operating expenses Income from operations Total other income, net Income from continuing operations before income taxes Income tax expense Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations ) Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax Net earnings (loss) ) Basic earnings (loss) per share: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Basic earnings (loss) per share ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share: Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) 

See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

LIVERAMP HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 For the three months ended For the six months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net earnings (loss) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in foreign currency translation adjustment ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 8 

LIVERAMP HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands) Accumulated Common Stock Additional other Treasury Stock Number paid-in Retained comprehensive Number Total For the three months ended September 30, 2024 of shares Amount Capital earnings income of shares Amount Equity Balances at June 30, 2024 ) ) Employee stock awards, benefit plans and other issuances ) ) ) Non-cash stock-based compensation Restricted stock units vested ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) ) Comprehensive income: Foreign currency translation Net earnings Balances at September 30, 2024 ) ) For the six months ended September 30, 2024 Balances at March 31, 2024 ) ) Employee stock awards, benefit plans and other issuances ) ) ) Non-cash stock-based compensation Restricted stock units vested ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation Net loss ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

LIVERAMP HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 THREE AND SIX MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Dollars in thousands) Accumulated Common Stock Additional other Treasury Stock Number paid-in Retained comprehensive Number Total For the three months ended September 30, 2023 of shares Amount Capital earnings loss of shares Amount Equity Balances at June 30, 2023 ) ) Employee stock awards, benefit plans and other issuances ) ) ) Non-cash stock-based compensation Restricted stock units vested ) Liability-classified restricted stock units vested Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation ) ) Net earnings Balances at September 30, 2023 ) ) For the six months ended September 30, 2023 Balances at March 31, 2023 ) ) Employee stock awards, benefit plans and other issuances ) ) Non-cash stock-based compensation Restricted stock units vested ) Liability-classified restricted stock units vested Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation ) ) Net earnings Balances at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

LIVERAMP HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands) For the six months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net earnings (loss) ) Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax ) Non-cash operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Gain on disposal or impairment of assets Lease-related impairment and restructuring charges ) Provision for doubtful accounts ) Impairment of goodwill Deferred income taxes Non-cash stock compensation expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Deferred commissions ) Other assets Accounts payable and other liabilities ) ) Income taxes Deferred revenue Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Purchases of investments ) ) Proceeds from sales of investments Purchases of strategic investments ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds related to the issuance of common stock under stock and employee benefit plans Shares repurchased for tax withholdings upon vesting of stock-based awards ) ) Acquisition of treasury stock ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net cash provided by continuing operations Cash flows from discontinued operations: From operating activities Net cash provided by discontinued operations Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 
 11 

LIVERAMP HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) (Dollars in thousands) For the six months ended September 30, Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid (received) for income taxes, net from continuing operations ) Cash received for income taxes, net from discontinued operations ) Cash received for tenant improvement allowances ) Cash paid for operating lease liabilities Operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Operating lease assets, and related lease liabilities, relinquished in lease terminations ) ) Purchases of property, plant and equipment remaining unpaid at period end 
 
 See accompanying notes to condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 12 

LIVERAMP HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 

13 

14 

2. EARNINGS 
 ) Earnings from discontinued operations, net of tax Net earnings (loss) ) Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Basic earnings (loss) per share ) Diluted earnings (loss) per share: Basic weighted-average shares outstanding Dilutive effect of common stock options and restricted stock units as computed under the treasury stock method (1) Diluted weighted-average shares outstanding Continuing operations ) Discontinued operations Diluted earnings (loss) per share ) Earnings (loss) per share totals may not sum due to rounding. 
 
 (1) The number of common stock options and restricted stock units as computed under the treasury stock method that would have otherwise been dilutive but are excluded from the table above because their effect would have been anti-dilutive due to the net loss position of the Company was million for the six months ended September 30, 2024. 

15 

million in share repurchases, increasing the total amount authorized for repurchase under the common stock repurchase program to billion. In addition, it extended the common stock repurchase program duration through December 31, 2026. 
 
 During the six months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased million shares of its common stock for million under the modified common stock repurchase program. Through September 30, 2024, the Company had repurchased a total of million shares of its common stock for billion under the program, leaving remaining capacity of million. 
 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income balances of million and million at September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively, reflect accumulated foreign currency translation adjustments. 

3. 
 
 Europe Asia-Pacific ("APAC") Other Major Offerings/Services Subscription Marketplace and Other 
 
 Transaction Price Allocated to the Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 We have performance obligations associated with fixed commitments in customer contracts for future services that have not yet been recognized in our condensed consolidated financial statements. The amount of fixed revenue not yet recognized was million as of September 30, 2024, of which million will be recognized over the next . The Company expects to recognize revenue on substantially all of these remaining performance obligations by March 31, 2028. 
 
 16 

4. 
 
 Short-term lease liabilities included in other accrued expenses Long-term lease liabilities included in other liabilities Supplemental balance sheet information: Weighted average remaining lease term years years Weighted average discount rate 
 
 The Company leases its office facilities under non-cancellable operating leases that expire at various dates through fiscal 2031. Certain leases contain provisions for property-related costs that are variable in nature for which the Company is responsible, including common area maintenance and other property operating services. These costs are calculated based on a variety of factors including property values, tax and utility rates, property service fees, and other factors. 
 
 Operating sublease income Total leases costs, net 

) Fiscal 2026 ) Fiscal 2027 ) Fiscal 2028 ) Fiscal 2029 ) Thereafter ) Total undiscounted lease payments ) Less: Interest and short-term leases ) Total discounted operating lease liabilities ) 
 
 ; and Fiscal 2026: . 

17 

5. 
 
 million shares of the Company s common stock have been reserved for issuance since the inception of the plans. At September 30, 2024, there were a total of million shares available for future grants under the plans. 
 
 During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the board of directors voted to amend the Amended and Restated 2005 Equity Compensation Plan (the "2005 Plan") to increase the number of shares available under the 2005 Plan by million shares. The amendment received shareholder approval at the August 2024 annual shareholders' meeting. This increased the 2005 Plan shares from million shares at March 31, 2024 to million shares beginning in the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and increased the total number of shares reserved for issuance since inception of all plans from million shares at March 31, 2024 to million shares beginning in the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense 
 
 Restricted stock units, time-vesting Restricted stock units, performance based Habu restricted stock awards Acuity performance plan DataFleets acquisition consideration holdback Habu acquisition consideration holdback Employee stock purchase plan Directors stock-based compensation Total non-cash stock-based compensation included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations Less expense related to liability-based equity awards ) ) Total non-cash stock-based compensation included in the condensed consolidated statements of equity 
 
 Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total non-cash stock-based compensation included in the condensed consolidated statements of operations 
 
 18 

Restricted stock units Habu restricted stock awards Habu acquisition consideration holdback Employee stock purchase plan Expected future expense 
 
 Stock Options Activity 
 
 Exercised ) Forfeited or canceled ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 Exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value at period end represents the total pre-tax intrinsic value (the difference between the Company s closing stock price on the last trading day of the period and the exercise price for each in-the-money option) that would have been received by the option holders had they exercised their options on September 30, 2024. This amount changes based upon changes in the fair market value of the Company's common stock. 
 
 years years years years 

19 

replacement restricted stock shares having an acquisition-date fair value of million. Of the million acquisition-date fair value, million was attributed to pre-combination service and treated as a component of purchase consideration transferred. The remaining million of acquisition-date fair value is considered future compensation cost and is being recognized as stock-based compensation cost over the remaining service period of the replacement restricted stock shares. 
 
 Vested ) Unvested restricted stock awards at September 30, 2024 
 
 The total fair value of restricted stock awards vested during the six months ended September 30, 2024 was million and is measured as the quoted market price of the Company's common stock on the vesting date for the number of shares vested. 
 
 Restricted Stock Unit Activity 
 
 Time-vesting restricted stock units ("RSUs") - 
 
 During the six months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted time-vesting RSUs covering shares of common stock and having a fair value at the date of grant of million. The RSUs granted in the current year will vest over . Grant date fair value of these units is equal to the quoted market price for the shares on the date of grant. Granted Vested ) Forfeited or canceled ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 The total fair value of RSUs vested during the six months ended September 30, 2024 was million and is measured as the quoted market price of the Company's common stock on the vesting date times the number of shares vested. 
 
 Performance-based restricted stock units ("PSUs") - 
 
 Fiscal 2025 plan: 
 During the six months ended September 30, 2024, the Company granted PSUs covering shares of common stock having a fair value at the date of grant of million. The grants were made under separate performance plans. 
 
 20 

shares of common stock were granted having a fair value at the date of grant of million, determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The units vest subject to attainment of market conditions established by the talent and compensation committee of the board of directors compensation committee and continuous employment through the vesting date. The units may vest in a number of shares from to of the award, based on the TSR of LiveRamp common stock compared to the TSR of the Russell 2000 market index for the period from April 1, 2024 to March 31, 2027. 
 
 Under the operating metrics performance plan, units covering shares of common stock were granted having a fair value at the date of grant of million, which was equal to the quoted market price for the shares on the date of grant. The units vest subject to attainment of performance criteria established by the compensation committee and continuous employment through the vesting date. The units may vest in a number of shares from to of the award, at the end of the performance period, based on the average attainment of annual revenue growth and EBITDA margin targets for fiscal years 2025, 2026, and 2027. 
 
 Fiscal 2024 plan: 
 Units under the Company's fiscal 2024 TSR performance plan, net of forfeitures, covering shares of common stock will reach maturity of their relevant performance period at March 31, 2026. The units may vest in a number of shares from to of the award, based on the TSR of LiveRamp common stock compared to the TSR of the Russell 2000 market index for the period from April 1, 2023 to March 31, 2026. 
 
 Units under the Company's fiscal 2024 operating metrics performance plan, net of forfeitures, covering shares of common stock will reach maturity of their relevant performance period at March 31, 2026. The units may vest in a number of shares from to of the award, at the end of the performance period, based on the average attainment of annual revenue growth and EBITDA margin targets for fiscal years 2024, 2025, and 2026. 
 
 Fiscal 2023 plan: 
 Units under the Company's fiscal 2023 TSR performance plan, net of forfeitures, covering shares of common stock will reach maturity of their relevant performance period at March 31, 2025. The units may vest in a number of shares from to of the award, based on the TSR of LiveRamp common stock compared to the TSR of the Russell 2000 market index for the period from April 1, 2022 to March 31, 2025. 
 
 Units under the Company's fiscal 2023 operating metrics performance plan, net of forfeitures, covering shares of common stock will reach maturity of their relevant performance period at March 31, 2025. The units may vest in a number of shares from to of the award, at the end of the performance period, based on the average attainment of annual revenue growth and EBITDA margin targets for fiscal years 2023, 2024, and 2025. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited or canceled ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 The total fair value of PSUs vested in the six months ended September 30, 2024 was million and is measured as the quoted market price of the Company s common stock on the vesting date times the number of shares vested. 
 21 

million as stock-based compensation expense related to the Habu consideration holdback. At September 30, 2024, the recognized, but unpaid, balance related to the Habu consideration holdback in other accrued expenses in the condensed consolidated balance sheet was million. The first annual settlement of million is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2025. 
 
 Qualified Employee Stock Purchase Plan ("ESPP") 
 
 During the six months ended September 30, 2024, shares of common stock were purchased under the ESPP at a weighted-average price of per share, resulting in cash proceeds of million over the relevant offering periods. 
 
 Stock-based compensation expense associated with the ESPP was million for the six months ended September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, there was approximately million of total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP, which is expected to be recognized on a straight-line basis over the remaining term of the current offering period. 

6. 
 Assets of non-qualified retirement plan Other current assets 
 
 Right-of-use assets (see Note 4) Deferred tax asset Deposits Strategic investments Other miscellaneous noncurrent assets Other assets, net 

22 

7. 
 
 Data processing equipment Office furniture and other equipment Less accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization 
 
 million for both the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

8. 
 
 Change in foreign currency translation adjustment Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 Goodwill by geography as of September 30, 2024 was: Total U.S. 
 
 23 

9. 
 
 Accumulated amortization ) ) Net developed technology Customer relationship/trade name, gross Accumulated amortization ) ) Net customer relationship/trade name Publisher/data supply relationships, gross Accumulated amortization ) ) Net publisher/data supply relationships Total intangible assets, gross Total accumulated amortization ) ) Total intangible assets, net 
 Total amortization expense related to intangible assets was million and million for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 2026 2027 

10. 
 Short-term lease liabilities (see Note 4) Other miscellaneous accrued expenses Other accrued expenses 
 
 24 

11. 
 
 Long-term lease liabilities (see Note 4) Lease restructuring accruals and related sublease deposits Deferred tax liabilities Other Other liabilities 

12. 
 ) 

13. 
 
 Restructuring charges and adjustments Payments ) ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 
 
 25 

million in employee-related restructuring charges and adjustments. The expense included million of severance and other employee-related charges in the United States and million in adjustments to the fiscal 2021 employee-related restructuring plans for employees in the United States. Of the fiscal 2025 employee-related restructuring plans, million remained accrued as of September 30, 2024 and is expected to be paid out during fiscal 2025. 
 
 In fiscal 2024, the Company recorded a total of million in employee-related restructuring charges and adjustments. The expense included severance and other employee-related charges in the United States, Europe, and APAC of million and adjustments to the fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2023 employee-related restructuring plans for employees in the United States and Europe of million. Of the fiscal 2024 employee-related restructuring plans, million remained accrued as of September 30, 2024 and is expected to be paid out during fiscal 2025. 
 
 In fiscal 2021, the Company recorded a total of million in employee-related restructuring charges and adjustments. The expense included severance and other employee-related charges in the United States and Europe. The remaining fiscal 2021 employee-related charges were paid out during fiscal 2025. 
 
 Lease-related Impairments and Restructuring Plans 
 
 In fiscal 2023, the Company initiated a restructuring plan to lower its operating expenses by reducing its global real estate footprint. As part of this plan, we exited a total of leased office spaces. Of those, were located in the United States: in Boston, in Philadelphia, in Phoenix, and floors of leased office space in San Francisco. The remaining spaces were located in Europe: in the Netherlands, floor of leased office space in London, England, and floor of leased office space in Paris, France. 
 
 Based on a comparison of undiscounted cash flows to the ROU asset group of each exited lease, the Company determined that each of the ROU asset groups was impaired, driven largely by the difference between the existing lease terms and rates on the Company s leases and the expected sublease terms and rates available in the market. This resulted in impairment charges totaling million during fiscal 2023 and 2024, reflecting the excess of the ROU asset group book value over its fair value, which was determined based on estimates of future discounted cash flows and is classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. The lease impairment charges included impairments of the operating lease ROU assets of million, and the associated furniture, equipment, and leasehold improvements of million. Additionally, the Company recorded million in lease-related restructuring charges and adjustments during fiscal 2023 and 2024 that covered other obligations related to the leased office spaces in San Francisco and Phoenix. Of the combined fiscal 2023 and 2024 lease-related restructuring charges of million, million remain accrued as of September 30, 2024 and will be satisfied over the remainder of the San Francisco lease term, which continues through April 2029. 
 
 In fiscal 2017, the Company made the strategic decision to exit and sub-lease a certain leased office facility under a staggered-exit plan. The full exit was completed in fiscal 2019. We intend to continue subleasing the facility to the extent possible. The liability will be satisfied over the remainder of the leased property's term, which continues through November 2025. Any future changes in the estimates or in the actual sublease income may require future adjustments to the liabilities, which would impact net earnings (loss) in the period the adjustment is recorded. Through September 30, 2024, the Company has recorded a total of million of restructuring charges and adjustments related to this lease. Of the amount accrued for this facility lease, million remained accrued at September 30, 2024. 
 
 26 

Lease-related restructuring plan charges and adjustments ROU asset group impairments and adjustments Goodwill impairment Other 

14. 
 million as the Company is not able to predict the periods in which the payments will be made. The amount for 2025 represents the remaining six months ending March 31, 2025. All other periods represent fiscal years ending March 31 (dollars in thousands): 
 
 For the years ending March 31, 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total Purchase commitments 

27 

15. 

16. 
 
 28 

Level 1: Money market funds Assets of non-qualified retirement plan U.S. Treasury securities Certificates of deposit Total March 31, 2024 Cash and Cash Equivalents Short-Term Investments Other Current Assets Total Cash Level 1: Money market funds Assets of non-qualified retirement plan U.S. Treasury securities Certificates of deposit Total 
 
 For certain financial instruments, including accounts receivable and accounts payable, the carrying amounts approximate their fair value due to the relatively short maturity of these balances. 
 The Company held million and million of strategic investments without readily determinable fair values at September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively (see Note 6). Strategic investments consist of non-controlling equity investments in privately held companies. These investments are accounted for under the cost method of accounting and are included in other assets on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. There were impairment charges during the six months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 
 Certain of the Company s non-financial assets were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis during the six months ended September 30, 2023. Property and equipment and right-of-use assets were reduced to fair value when they were impaired as a result of the Company s lease-related restructuring plans. For additional information, see Note 13. During the quarter ended September 30, 2023, triggering events occurred which required the Company to test the recoverability of goodwill associated with its APAC reporting unit. The triggering event was the restructuring of operations in the APAC region. Accordingly, we tested goodwill for impairment and determined that the fair value of the APAC reporting unit had decreased, resulting in complete impairment of the goodwill amount of million. 
 
 29 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Introduction and Overview 
 
 LiveRamp Holdings, Inc. ("LiveRamp", "we", "us", or the "Company") is a global technology company that helps companies build enduring brand and business value by collaborating responsibly with data. A groundbreaking leader in foundational identity, LiveRamp offers a connected customer view with clarity and context while protecting brand and consumer trust. Our best-in-class enterprise platform enables data collaboration, where companies can share first-party consumer data with trusted business partners securely and in a privacy-conscious manner. We offer flexibility to collaborate wherever data lives to support a wide range of data collaboration use cases within organizations, between brands, and across our global network of premier partners. Global innovators, from iconic consumer brands and tech platforms to retailers, financial services, and healthcare leaders, turn to LiveRamp to deepen customer engagement and loyalty, activate new partnerships, and maximize the value of their first-party data while staying on the forefront of rapidly evolving compliance and privacy requirements. 
 
 LiveRamp is a Delaware corporation headquartered in San Francisco, California. Our common stock is listed on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol RAMP. We serve a global customer base from locations in the United States, Europe, and the Asia-Pacific APAC region. Our direct customer list includes many of the world s best-known and most innovative brands across most major industry verticals, including but not limited to financial, insurance and investment services, retail, automotive, telecommunications, high tech, consumer packaged goods, healthcare, travel, entertainment and non-profit. Through our expansive partner ecosystem we serve thousands of additional companies, unlocking access to unique customer moments and creating powerful network effects. 
 
 Operating Segment 
 
 The Company operates as one operating segment. An operating segment is defined as a component of an enterprise for which separate financial information is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision maker. Our chief operating decision maker evaluates our financial information and resources and assesses the performance of these resources on a consolidated basis. Since we operate as one operating segment, all required financial segment information can be found in the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Sources of Revenues 
 
 LiveRamp recognizes revenue from the following sources: (i) Subscription revenue, which consists primarily of subscription fees from customers accessing our platform; and (ii) Marketplace and Other revenue, which primarily consists of revenue-sharing fees generated from data transactions through our LiveRamp Data Marketplace, transactional usage-based revenue from arrangements with certain publishers and addressable TV providers, and professional services fees. 
 
 30 

/LiveRamp Data Collaboration Platform 
 
 As depicted in the graphic below, we power the industry s leading enterprise platform for data collaboration. We enable organizations to access and leverage data more effectively across the applications they use to interact with their customers. At the core of our platform is an omnichannel, deterministic identity resolution technology that offers unparalleled accuracy, breadth, and depth. Leveraging deep expertise in data collaboration, the /LiveRamp Data Collaboration Platform enables an organization to unify customer and prospect data (first-, second-, or third-party) to build a single view of the customer in a way that protects consumer privacy. First-party data is data collected firsthand through a company's controlled channels. Second-party data is data that a company shares directly with a trusted business partner. Third-party data is data collected and sold by a company through an online data marketplace to companies with which it does not have a direct relationship. This single customer view can then be connected across any of the 500 partners in our ecosystem in order to support a variety of people-based marketing solutions. 
 
 The /LiveRamp Data Collaboration Platform provides customers with four core capabilities: 
 
 Live/Identity . We provide enterprise identity infrastructure that resolves disparate consumer identities across different internal and external systems to create an accurate, connected view of the customer. Our approach to identity is built from two complementary graphs, combining offline data and online data and providing accuracy with a focus on privacy. LiveRamp technology for directly identifiable information (or "DII") gives brands and platforms the ability to connect and update what they know about consumers, resolving DII across enterprise databases and systems to deliver better customer experiences. Our digital identity graph, powered by our Authenticated Traffic Solution (or "ATS"), associates pseudonymous device IDs, TV IDs and other online customer IDs from premium publishers, platforms or data providers, around a RampID TM , a durable and privacy-centric connector to the digital ecosystem. This provides marketers with a consistent view of the consumer that is necessary for personalized segmentation, targeting, and measurement. 
 
 Live/Access. Our Data Marketplace provides customers with simplified access to industry-leading third-party data providers globally. The /LiveRamp Data Collaboration Platform allows for the search, discovery and distribution of data provided by third-party data providers to improve targeting, measurement, and customer intelligence. Data accessed through the LiveRamp Data Marketplace is connected via RampID and is utilized to enrich our customers first-party data and can be leveraged across technology and media platforms, agencies, analytics environments, and TV partners. Our platform also provides tools for data providers to manage the organization, distribution, and operation of their data and services across our network of customers and partners. Today we work with more than 200 data providers across all verticals and data types. 
 
 Live/Connectivity. We enable organizations to leverage their customer and prospect data in the digital and TV ecosystems and across the customer experience applications they use through a safe and secure data matching process called data onboarding. Our technology ingests a customer s first-party data, removes all DII, and replaces it with a pseudonymized RampID. RampID can then be distributed through direct integrations to the top platforms our customers work with, including leading marketing cloud providers, publishers and social networks, personalization tools, and connected TV services. We connect data across an ecosystem of more than 500 partners, representing one of the largest networks of connections in the digital marketplace. 
 
 Live/Insights. Data Collaboration enables advanced measurement and analytics that helps produce insight-driven innovation. We enable trusted data collaboration between organizations and their trusted partners in a neutral, manageable environment. Our platform provides customers with collaborative opportunities to safely and securely build a more accurate, dynamic view of their customers by leveraging partner data. We power more accurate, more complete measurement with the measurement vendors and partners our customers use. Our platform allows customers to combine disparate data files, typically advertising exposure and customer sales transactions, replacing customer identifiers with RampID. Customers then can use that aggregated view of each customer to measure reach and frequency, sales lift, closed loop offline-to-online conversion and cross-channel attribution. 

31 

Subscription 
 
 We primarily charge for our platform services on an annual basis. Our subscription pricing is based primarily on data volume, which is a function of data input records and connection points. 
 
 Our solutions are sold to enterprise marketers and the companies they partner with to execute their marketing, including agencies, marketing technology providers, publishers and data providers. Today, we work with 885 direct customers world-wide and serve thousands of additional customers indirectly through our reseller partnership arrangements. 
 
 Brands and Agencies. We work with over 500 of the largest brands and agencies in the world, helping them execute people-based marketing by creating an omni-channel understanding of the consumer and activating that understanding across their choice of best-of-breed digital marketing platforms. 
 
 Marketing Technology Providers. We provide marketing technology providers with the identity foundation required to offer people-based targeting, measurement and personalization within their platforms. This adds value for brands by increasing audience reach, as well as the speed at which they can activate their marketing data. 
 
 Publishers. We enable publishers of any size to offer people-based marketing on their properties. This adds value for brands by providing direct access to their customers and prospects in the publisher's premium inventory. 
 
 32 

Data Sellers. Leveraging our vast network of integrations, we allow data sellers to easily connect to the digital ecosystem and monetize their own data. Data can be distributed to customers or made available through the LiveRamp Data Marketplace feature. This adds value for brands as it allows them to augment their understanding of consumers and increase their understanding of customers and prospects. 
 
 Marketplace and Other 
 
 As we have scaled the LiveRamp network and technology, we have found additional ways to leverage our platform, deliver more value to customers and create incremental revenue streams. Leveraging our common identity system and broad integration network, the Data Marketplace seamlessly connects data sellers audience data across the marketing ecosystem. The Data Marketplace enables data sellers to easily monetize their data across hundreds of marketing platforms and publishers. At the same time, it provides a single platform where data buyers, including platforms and publishers, in addition to brands and their agencies, access third-party data from data sellers supporting all industries and encompassing all types of data. Data providers include sources and brands exclusive to LiveRamp, emerging platforms with access to previously unavailable deterministic data, and data partnerships enabled by our platform. 
 
 We generate revenue from the Data Marketplace primarily through revenue-sharing arrangements with data sellers that are monetizing their data assets via our marketplace platform service. We also generate Marketplace and Other revenue through transactional usage-based arrangements with certain publishers and addressable TV providers. Data Marketplace revenue is recognized net of the share of revenue earned by the data seller. 
 
 To complement our product offering, we provide professional services and enhanced support entitlements to help customers leverage our platform and drive business outcomes. Our services offering includes product implementation, data science analytics, audience measurement and general advisory. We generate revenue from services primarily from project fees paid by subscribers to our platform. Service projects are sold on an ad hoc basis as well as bundled with platform subscriptions. Professional services revenue is approximately 4 of total Company revenue. 
 33 

Summary Results and Notable Events 
 
 A financial summary of the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2024 is presented below: 
 Revenues were 185.5 million, a 16.0 increase from 159.9 million. 
 Cost of revenue was 51.2 million, a 24.3 increase from 41.2 million. 
 Gross margin decreased to 72.4 from 74.2 . 
 Total operating expenses were 126.8 million, a 14.8 increase from 110.5 million. 
 Cost of revenue and operating expenses for fiscal 2025 and 2024 included the following items: 
 Non-cash stock compensation of 29.1 million and 15.7 million, respectively (cost of revenue of 1.5 million and 0.6 million, respectively, and operating expenses of 27.6 million and 15.1 million, respectively) 
 Purchased intangible asset amortization of 3.7 million and 1.2 million, respectively (cost of revenue) 
 Restructuring and other charges of 0.4 million and 6.6 million, respectively (gains, losses, and other items, net) 
 Total other income, net was 4.2 million, a decrease of 2.2 million from 6.4 million. 
 Net earnings were 1.7 million, or 0.03 per diluted share, compared to net earnings of 4.9 million, or 0.07 per diluted share. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 55.6 million compared to 35.8 million. 
 The Company repurchased 1.9 million shares of its common stock for 49.9 million compared to 0.5 million shares for 15.1 million under the Company's common stock repurchase program. 
 This summary and the following discussion and analysis highlight financial results as well as other significant events and transactions of the Company during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in fiscal 2024, unless otherwise stated. However, this summary is not intended to be a full discussion of the Company's results. This summary should be read in conjunction with the following discussion of Results of Operations and Capital Resources and Liquidity and with the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements and footnotes accompanying this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 34 

Key Performance Metrics 
 
 In addition to measures of financial performance presented in our condensed consolidated financial statements, we monitor the key metrics set forth below to help us evaluate revenue growth trends, establish budgets and measure the effectiveness of our sales and marketing efforts. The below data is presented in millions, except for percentages. 
 Change 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 from September 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 from September 30, 2022 Subscription net retention 107 101 6 (5) Annualized recurring revenue 483 428 13 2 Remaining performance obligation 504 490 3 26 Current remaining performance obligation 374 339 10 16 
 
 Subscription Net Retention 
 
 Subscription net retention SNR is defined as the current quarter subscription revenue (net) from customers who have been on our platform for one year or more, divided by the prior year quarter subscription revenue (net), inclusive of upsell, churn (lost contract), downsell (contract reduction), and variable revenue changes. SNR excludes revenue from new customers that have not been on our platform for one year or more. We believe our SNR is an important metric that provides insight into the long-term value of our subscription agreements and our ability to retain and grow revenue from our subscription customer base. SNR rate is an operational metric, and there is no comparable GAAP financial measure to which we can reconcile this particular key metric. 
 
 SNR at September 30, 2024 compared to September 30, 2023 increased 6 . Lower contraction levels and increasing usage revenue were the primary contributors to the improvement. The acquisition of Habu contributed approximately two percentage points to the current period growth. 
 
 Annualized Recurring Revenue 
 
 Annualized Recurring Revenue ARR is defined as the last month of quarter recurring revenue annualized. Recurring revenue is fixed and contracted subscription revenue and does not include any variable or non-recurring revenue amounts. We believe ARR provides important information about our future revenue potential, our ability to acquire new customers, and our ability to maintain and expand our relationship with existing customers. ARR is not a forecast of future revenue, which can be impacted by contract start and end dates and renewal rates. ARR should be viewed independently of revenue and deferred revenue, as ARR is an operating metric and is not intended to be combined with or replace these items. Our use of ARR has limitations as an analytical tool, and investors should not consider it in isolation. Other companies in our industry may calculate ARR differently, which reduces its usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 
 Our ARR growth of 13 was attributable to both new customer revenue and net growth (upsell revenue less downsell and churn) in existing customer revenue. The increasing growth rate compared to the 2 growth in the previous year is due to improvement in net growth in existing customer revenue. The acquisition of Habu contributed approximately three percentage points to the current period growth. 
 
 Remaining Performance Obligations and Current Remaining Performance Obligations 
 
 Remaining performance obligations RPO is defined as all future revenue under contract that has not yet been recognized as revenue. Future invoicing is determined to be certain when we have an executed non-cancellable contract or a significant penalty that is due upon cancellation, and invoicing is not dependent on a future event such as the delivery of a specific new product or feature, or the achievement of contractual contingencies. Current RPO ("CRPO") represents RPO to be recognized over the next twelve months. 
 
 35 

While the Company believes RPO and CRPO are leading indicators of revenue as they represent sales activity not yet recognized in revenue, they are not necessarily indicative of future revenue growth as they are influenced by several factors, including seasonality of contract renewal timing and average contract terms. The Company monitors RPO and CRPO to manage the business and evaluate performance. RPO increased due to several large, multi-year renewals. CRPO increased due to new customer additions, as well as the multi-year renewals. The relative decline in RPO and CRPO growth (in terms of change) is primarily due to timing of multi-year renewals and revenue run-off from large multi-year arrangements subject to future renewal. 
 36 

Results of Operations 
 
 A summary of selected financial information for each of the periods reported is presented below (dollars in thousands, except per share amounts): For the three months ended For the six months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenues 185,483 159,871 16 361,444 313,940 15 Cost of revenue 51,234 41,212 24 102,983 86,833 19 Gross profit 134,249 118,659 13 258,461 227,107 14 Total operating expenses 126,762 110,451 15 256,222 216,629 18 Income from operations 7,487 8,208 (9) 2,239 10,478 (79) Total other income, net 4,197 6,431 (35) 8,641 11,280 (23) Net earnings (loss) from continuing operations 1,732 4,476 (61) (5,757) 2,890 (299) Diluted earnings (loss) per share from continuing operations 0.03 0.07 (0.61) (0.09) 0.04 (303) 
 
 Revenues 
 
 The Company's revenues for each of the periods reported is presented below (dollars in thousands): 
 
 For the three months ended For the six months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Revenues: Subscription 143,289 125,705 14 278,082 247,587 12 Marketplace and Other 42,194 34,166 23 83,362 66,353 26 Total revenues 185,483 159,871 16 361,444 313,940 15 
 
 Total revenues for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 were 185.5 million, a 25.6 million, or 16.0 , increase from the same quarter a year ago. The increase was due to revenue growth in both Subscription and Marketplace and Other. The Subscription revenue growth was 17.6 million, or 14.0 , primarily due to upsell to existing customers, higher variable revenue and to a lesser extent new logo deals. Subscription revenue also included approximately 3.5 million of revenue associated with the fiscal 2024 acquisition of Habu. The Marketplace and Other revenue growth was 8.0 million, or 23.5 , primarily due to Data Marketplace and Services volume growth. On a geographic basis, U.S. revenue increased 25.8 million, or 17.2 . International revenue decreased 0.2 million, or 1.5 . 
 
 Total revenues for the six months ended September 30, 2024 were 361.4 million, a 47.5 million, or 15.1 , increase compared to the same period a year ago. The increase was due to revenue growth in both Subscription and Marketplace and Other. The Subscription revenue growth was 30.5 million, or 12.3 , primarily due to upsell to existing customers, new logo deals and higher variable revenue. Subscription revenue also included approximately 6.8 million of revenue associated with the fiscal 2024 acquisition of Habu. The Marketplace and Other revenue growth was 17.0 million, or 25.6 , primarily due to Data Marketplace and Services volume growth. On a geographic basis, U.S. revenue increased 47.9 million, or 16.3 . International revenue decreased 0.4 million, or 2.0 . 
 
 37 

Cost of Revenue and Gross Profit 
 
 The Company s cost of revenue and gross profit for each of the periods reported is presented below (dollars in thousands): For the three months ended For the six months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Cost of revenue 51,234 41,212 24 102,983 86,833 19 Gross profit 134,249 118,659 13 258,461 227,107 14 Gross margin ) 72.4 74.2 (2) 71.5 72.3 (1) 
 
 Cost of revenue includes third-party direct costs including identity graph data, other data and cloud-based hosting costs, as well as costs of IT, security and product operations functions. Cost of revenue also includes amortization of acquisition-related intangibles. 
 
 Cost of revenue was 51.2 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, a 10.0 million, or 24.3 , increase from the same quarter a year ago. Gross profit increased to 134.2 million (72.4 gross margin) from 118.7 million (74.2 gross margin) in the prior year quarter due to revenue increases offset partially by an increase in cloud infrastructure costs (increased 4.0 million), services costs (increased 2.3 million) due to higher services revenue, intangible asset amortization (increased 2.5 million) and stock-based compensation expense (increased 0.9 million). U.S. gross margins decreased to 73.3 from 76.2 while International gross margins increased to 57.3 from 46.4 . 
 
 Cost of revenue was 103.0 million for the six months ended September 30, 2024, a 16.2 million, or 18.6 , increase from the same period a year ago. Gross profit increased to 258.5 million (71.5 gross margin) from 227.1 million (72.3 gross margin) in the prior period due to revenue increases offset partially by an increase in services costs (increased 8.8 million) due to higher services revenue, higher cloud infrastructure costs (increased 5.8 million), increased intangible asset amortization (increased 3.1 million) and stock-based compensation expense (increased 1.8 million). U.S. gross margins decreased to 72.4 from 74.2 , and International gross margins increased to 56.4 from 44.9 . 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 The Company s operating expenses for each of the periods reported is presented below (dollars in thousands): 
 
 For the three months ended For the six months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Operating expenses: Research and development 43,889 33,733 30 88,007 68,252 29 Sales and marketing 51,107 44,135 16 105,282 89,014 18 General and administrative 31,369 26,009 21 62,330 52,673 18 Gains, losses and other items, net 397 6,574 (94) 603 6,690 (91) Total operating expenses 126,762 110,451 15 256,222 216,629 18 
 
 Research and development R D expense includes operating expenses for the Company s engineering and product/project management functions supporting research, new development, and related product enhancement. 
 
 38 

R D expenses were 43.9 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 10.2 million, or 30.1 , compared to the same quarter a year ago, and are 23.7 of total revenues compared to 21.1 in the same quarter a year ago. The increase is primarily due to stock-based compensation expense (increased 5.6 million), headcount-related expenses (increased 4.0 million) and professional services expenses (increased 0.5 million). Stock-based compensation expense in the prior year quarter was favorably impacted due to the acceleration of stock-based compensation expense in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 
 R D expenses were 88.0 million for the six months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 19.8 million, or 28.9 , compared to the same period a year ago, and are 24.3 of total revenues compared to 21.7 in the prior year period. The increase is primarily due to stock-based compensation expense (increased 10.8 million), headcount-related expenses (increased 8.0 million) and professional services expenses (increased 1.0 million). Stock-based compensation expense in the prior year period was favorably impacted due to the acceleration of stock-based compensation expense in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 
 Sales and marketing S M expense includes operating expenses for the Company s sales, marketing, and product marketing functions. S M expense also includes provisions for credit losses. 
 
 S M expenses were 51.1 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 7.0 million, or 15.8 , compared to the same quarter a year ago, and are 27.6 of total revenues in both periods. The increase is primarily due to stock-based compensation expense (increased 2.6 million), headcount-related expenses (increased 3.0 million), and professional services expenses (increased 0.5 million). Stock-based compensation expense in the prior year quarter was favorably impacted due to the acceleration of stock-based compensation expense in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 
 S M expenses were 105.3 million for the six months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 16.3 million, or 18.3 , compared to the same period a year ago, and are 29.1 of total revenues compared to 28.4 in the prior year period. The increase is primarily due to stock-based compensation expense (increased 6.0 million), headcount-related expenses (increased 6.1 million), professional services expenses (increased 1.6 million), and marketing expenses (increased 1.4 million). Stock-based compensation expense in the prior year period was favorably impacted due to the acceleration of stock-based compensation expense in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 
 General and administrative ("G A") expense represents operating expenses for the Company's finance, human resources, legal, corporate IT, and other corporate administrative functions. 
 
 G A expenses were 31.4 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 5.4 million, or 20.6 , compared to the same quarter a year ago, and are 16.9 of total revenues compared to 16.3 in the same quarter a year ago. The increase is primarily due to stock-based compensation expense (increased 4.2 million) and professional services expenses (increased 1.2 million). Stock-based compensation expense in the prior year quarter was favorably impacted due to the acceleration of stock-based compensation expense in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 
 G A expenses were 62.3 million for the six months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 9.7 million, or 18.3 , compared to the same period a year ago, and are 17.2 of total revenues compared to 16.8 in the prior year period. The increase is primarily due to stock-based compensation expense (increased 9.5 million) and professional services expenses (increased 2.0 million), offset partially by a decrease in transformation costs (decreased 1.9 million). Stock-based compensation expense in the prior year period was favorably impacted due to the acceleration of stock-based compensation expense in the fourth quarter of fiscal 2023. 
 
 Gains, losses, and other items, net represents restructuring costs and other adjustments. 
 
 Gains, losses and other items, net was 0.4 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 6.2 million compared to the same quarter a year ago. The prior year quarter costs primarily related to 2.8 million related to the impairment of APAC goodwill, 2.3 million in lease impairments and restructuring and 1.4 million related to termination benefits for employees whose positions were eliminated. The current quarter was all related to employee termination benefits. 
 
 39 

Gains, losses and other items, net was 0.6 million for the six months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 6.1 million compared to the same period a year ago. The prior year costs primarily related to 2.8 million related to the impairment of APAC goodwill, 2.3 million in lease impairments and restructuring and 1.5 million related to termination benefits for employees whose positions were eliminated. 
 
 Income from Operations and Operating Margin 
 
 Income from operations was 7.5 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to income from operations of 8.2 million in the same quarter a year ago. Operating margin for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 was 4.0 compared to 5.1 in the same quarter a year ago. Margins in the prior year quarter were positively impacted by the acceleration of stock-based compensation previously discussed. 
 
 Income from operations was 2.2 million for the six months ended September 30, 2024 compared to income from operations of 10.5 million in the same period a year ago. Operating margin was 0.6 compared to 3.3 in the prior year period. Margins in the prior year period were positively impacted by the acceleration of stock-based compensation previously discussed. 
 
 Total Other Income and Income Taxes 
 
 Total other income, net was 4.2 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to total other income, net of 6.4 million in the same quarter a year ago. Total other income, net was 8.6 million for the six months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 11.3 million in the same period a year ago. The quarter and year-to-date decreases are primarily attributable to lower invested cash and short-term investments. 
 
 Income tax expense was 10.0 million on pretax income of 11.7 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, resulting in an 85.2 effective tax rate. This compares to a prior year quarter income tax expense of 10.2 million on pretax income of 14.6 million, or a 69.4 effective tax rate. Income tax expense was 16.6 million on pretax income of 10.9 million for the six months ended September 30, 2024, resulting in an 152.9 effective tax rate. This compares to a prior year period income tax expense of 18.9 million on pretax income of 21.8 million, or an 86.7 effective tax rate. Tax expense for all periods reflects the impact of the capitalization of research and development expenditures in accordance with Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") Section 174, as modified by the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, the valuation allowance, and nondeductible stock-based compensation. 

Capital Resources and Liquidity 
 
 The Company s cash and cash equivalents are primarily located in the United States. At September 30, 2024, approximately 19.9 million of the total cash balance of 338.9 million, or approximately 5.9 , was located outside of the United States. The Company has no current plans to repatriate this cash to the United States. 
 
 Net accounts receivable balances were 192.1 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 1.8 million, compared to 190.3 million at March 31, 2024. Days sales outstanding ("DSO"), a measurement of the time it takes to collect receivables, was 95 days at September 30, 2024, compared to 101 days at March 31, 2024. DSO can fluctuate due to the timing and nature of contracts that lead to up-front billings related to deferred revenue on services not yet performed, and Data Marketplace contracts, which are billed on a gross basis, recognized on a net basis, but for which the amount that is due to data sellers is not reflected as an offset to accounts receivable. Compared to March 31, 2024, DSO at September 30, 2024 was positively impacted by approximately two days as the increased impact of Data Marketplace gross accounts receivable was offset by collections of Data Marketplace receivables. All customer accounts are actively managed, and no losses in excess of amounts reserved are currently expected. 
 
 Working capital at September 30, 2024 totaled 382.7 million, a 2.8 million decrease when compared to 385.5 million at March 31, 2024. 
 
 40 

Management believes that the Company's existing available cash will be sufficient to meet the Company's working capital and capital expenditure requirements for the foreseeable future. However, in light of the risk of recession, the military conflicts in Europe and the Middle East, cost increases, high interest rates, capital markets volatility, bank failures and general inflationary pressures, our liquidity position may change due to the inability to collect from our customers, inability to raise new capital via issuance of equity or debt, and disruption in completing repayments or disbursements to our creditors. We have historically taken and may continue to take advantage of opportunities to generate additional liquidity through capital market transactions. These impacts have caused significant disruptions to the global financial markets, which could increase the cost of capital and adversely impact our ability to raise additional capital, which could negatively affect our liquidity in the future. The amount, nature, and timing of any capital market transactions will depend on our operating performance and other circumstances; our then-current commitments and obligations; the amount, nature, and timing of our capital requirements; and overall market conditions. If we are unable to raise funds as and when we need them, we may be forced to curtail our operations. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods reported (dollars in thousands): For the six months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 46,268 61,457 Net cash provided by investing activities 22,161 112 Net cash used in financing activities (67,066) (34,319) Net cash provided by discontinued operations 387 
 
 Operating Activities 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities are primarily influenced by growth in our operations, increases or decreases in collections from our customers, and related payments to our suppliers and employees. The timing of cash receipts from customers and payments to suppliers can significantly impact our cash flows from operating activities. Our collection and payment cycles can vary from period to period. 
 
 In the six months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by operating activities of 46.3 million resulted primarily from operating results adjusted for non-cash items of 61.6 million offset by changes in operating assets and liabilities of 15.3 million. Net cash provided by operating assets and liabilities was primarily related to a decrease in accounts payable and other liabilities of 32.0 million primarily due to the payment of annual incentive compensation and the timing of payments to suppliers. 
 
 In the six months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by operating activities of 61.5 million resulted primarily from operating results adjusted for non-cash items of 43.2 million and changes in operating assets and liabilities of 18.3 million. Net cash provided by operating assets and liabilities was primarily related to a 29.2 million Internal Revenue Service refund related to fiscal 2021, an increase in income taxes payable of 13.9 million, and an increase in other assets of 5.7 million, offset partially by a decrease in accounts payable and other liabilities of 12.9 million and an increase in accounts receivable of 16.3 million. The change in accounts payable and other liabilities is primarily due to the payment of annual incentive compensation, and the timing of payments to suppliers. The change in accounts receivable is primarily due to revenue growth and the timing of cash receipts from customers. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Our investing activities have primarily consisted of business acquisitions, capital expenditures, purchases and sales of investments and strategic investments. Capital expenditures may vary from period to period due to the timing of the expansion of our operations, the addition of new headcount, new facilities, and acquisitions. Investing activities also include purchases and sales of short-term investments using available cash reserves. 
 
 41 

In the six months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by investing activities consisted of the proceeds from the sale of short-term investments of 25.0 million, partially offset by purchases of short-term investments of 2.0 million, capital expenditures of 0.5 million and the purchases of strategic investments of 0.4 million. 
 
 In the six months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by investing activities consisted of the proceeds from the sale of short-term investments of 25.8 million, partially offset by purchases of short-term investments of 24.4 million, purchases of strategic investments of 1.0 million and capital expenditures of 0.3 million. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Our financing activities have consisted of acquisition of treasury stock, proceeds from our equity compensation plans, and shares repurchased for tax withholdings upon vesting of stock-based awards. 
 
 In the six months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in financing activities was 67.1 million, consisting of the acquisition of treasury shares pursuant to the board of directors' approved stock repurchase plan of 65.7 million (2.4 million shares) and 7.7 million for shares repurchased for tax withholdings upon vesting of stock-based awards. These uses of cash were partially offset by proceeds of 6.3 million from the sale of common stock from our equity compensation plans. 
 
 In the six months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in financing activities was 34.3 million, consisting of the acquisition of treasury shares pursuant to the board of directors' approved stock repurchase plan of 35.3 million (1.3 million shares) and 4.6 million for shares repurchased for tax withholdings upon vesting of stock-based awards. These uses of cash were partially offset by proceeds of 5.6 million from the sale of common stock from our equity compensation plans. 
 
 Common Stock Repurchase Program 
 
 On August 14, 2024, the Company's board of directors approved an amendment to the existing common stock repurchase program, which was initially adopted in 2011. The amendment authorized an additional 200.0 million in share repurchases, increasing the total amount authorized for repurchase under the common stock repurchase program to 1.3 billion. In addition, it extended the common stock repurchase program duration through December 31, 2026. 
 
 During the six months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased 2.4 million shares of its common stock for 65.7 million under the modified common stock repurchase program. Through September 30, 2024, the Company had repurchased a total of 40.2 million shares of its common stock for 1.0 billion under the program, leaving remaining capacity of 291.7 million. 
 
 Contractual Commitments 
 
 The following tables present the Company s contractual cash obligations and purchase commitments at September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands). Operating leases primarily consist of our various office facilities. Purchase commitments primarily include contractual commitments for the purchase of data, hosting services, software-as-a-service arrangements, and leasehold improvements. The tables do not include the future payment of liabilities related to uncertain tax positions of 27.1 million as the Company is not able to predict the periods in which the payments will be made. The amount for 2025 represents the remaining six months ending March 31, 2025. All other periods represent fiscal years ending March 31 (dollars in thousands): 
 For the years ending March 31, 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter Total Operating leases 5,438 9,255 8,338 8,472 8,529 4,301 44,333 
 
 Future minimum payments as of September 30, 2024 related to restructuring plans as a result of the Company's exit from certain leased office facilities are (dollars in thousands): Fiscal 2025: 1,349; and Fiscal 2026: 1,799. 
 
 42 

For the years ending March 31, 2025 2026 2027 2028 Total Purchase commitments 34,486 22,318 6,327 3,375 66,506 
 
 While the Company does not have any other material contractual commitments for capital expenditures, certain levels of investments in facilities and computer equipment continue to be necessary to support the growth of the business. 
 
 For a description of certain risks that could have an impact on results of operations or financial condition, including liquidity and capital resources, see Risk Factors contained in Part I, Item 1A, of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024 ("2024 Annual Report") as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission ("SEC") on May 22, 2024 and Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Non-U.S. Operations 
 
 The Company has a presence in the United Kingdom, France, the Netherlands, Italy, Spain, Brazil, India, Australia, China, Singapore and Japan. Most of the Company s exposure to exchange rate fluctuation is due to translation gains and losses as there are no material transactions that cause exchange rate impact. In general, each of the foreign locations is expected to fund its own operations and cash flows, although funds may be loaned or invested from the U.S. to the foreign subsidiaries. These advances are considered long-term investments, and any gain or loss resulting from changes in exchange rates as well as gains or losses resulting from translating the foreign financial statements into U.S. dollars are included in accumulated other comprehensive income. Therefore, exchange rate movements of foreign currencies may have an impact on the Company s future costs or on future cash flows from foreign investments. The Company has not entered into any foreign currency forward exchange contracts or other derivative instruments to hedge the effects of adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 

Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 We prepare our condensed consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP as set forth in the FASB ASC, and we consider the various staff accounting bulletins and other applicable guidance issued by the SEC. These accounting principles require management to make certain judgments and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. The consolidated financial statements in the 2024 Annual Report include a summary of significant accounting policies used in the preparation of the Company s consolidated financial statements. In addition, the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations filed as part of the 2024 Annual Report contains a discussion of the policies that management has identified as the most critical because they require management s use of complex and/or significant judgments. None of the Company s critical accounting policies have materially changed since the date of the 2024 Annual Report other than as described in the "Accounting Pronouncements Adopted during the Current Year" section of Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements accompanying this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 For information on recent accounting pronouncements, see Accounting Pronouncements Adopted During the Current Year" and Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted under Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements accompanying this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 43 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 We believe there have been no material changes in our market risk exposures for the six months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with those discussed in the 2024 Annual Report. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (our principal executive officer) and our Chief Financial Officer (our principal financial and accounting officer), evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act")). Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial and accounting officer concluded that as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 
 (b) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 
 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 44 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 The information required by this item is set forth under Note 14, Commitments and Contingencies, to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 The risks described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in the 2024 Annual Report, remain current in all material respects, except as set forth below. 
 
 In January 2020, Google announced that at some point in the following 24 months the Chrome browser would block third-party cookies. In April 2021, Google began releasing software updates to its Chrome browser with features intended to phase out third-party cookies. In May 2023, Google stated that it would deprecate third-party cookies by mid-2024 and in January 2024 started by deprecating third-party cookies for 1 of users globally. In April 2024, Google announced that the deprecation of third-party cookies will not be completed in 2024. 
 
 In July 2024, Google announced that, instead of deprecating third-party cookies, it will introduce a new experience in Chrome that lets people make an informed choice that applies across their web browsing. While Google has determined not to deprecate cookies at this time, it is possible that Google's ongoing efforts in this area may have a substantial impact on the ability to collect and use data from Internet users. 
 
 The foregoing shall be deemed to update the risks described in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in the 2024 Annual Report, including, but not limited to those risks described under the headings As the use of third-party cookies' or other tracking technology continues to be pressured by Internet users, restricted or otherwise subject to unfavorable regulation, blocked or limited by technical changes on end users devices, or our and our customers ability to use data on our platform is otherwise restricted, our business could be materially impacted. and Changes in legislative, judicial, regulatory, or cultural environments relating to information collection and use may limit our ability to collect and use data. Such developments could cause revenues to decline, increase the cost and availability of data and adversely affect the demand for our products and services. 
 
 The risk factors in the 2024 Annual Report, as updated above, do not identify all risks that we face. Our operations could also be affected by factors that are not presently known to us or that we currently consider to be immaterial to our operations. If any of the identified risks or others not specified in our SEC filings materialize, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be materially adversely affected. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock could decline. 
 
 45 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 a. Not applicable. 
 
 b. Not applicable. 
 
 c. The table below provides information regarding purchases by LiveRamp of its common stock during the periods indicated. 
 Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (b) Average Price Paid Per Share (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 275,000 31.19 275,000 132,962,617 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 1,227,459 24.45 1,227,459 302,947,112 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 443,494 25.42 443,494 291,672,502 Total 1,945,953 25.63 1,945,953 
 
 On August 29, 2011, the board of directors adopted a common stock repurchase program. That program was subsequently modified and expanded, most recently on August 14, 2024. Under the modified common stock repurchase program, the Company may purchase up to 1.3 billion of its common stock through the period ending December 31, 2026. Through September 30, 2024, the Company had repurchased a total of 40.2 million shares of its common stock for 1.0 billion, leaving remaining capacity of 291.7 million under the stock repurchase program. 
 
 46 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 a. Not applicable. 
 
 b. Not applicable. 
 
 c. Except as set forth below, during the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s directors or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) under the Exchange Act) or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 
 
 , , of the Company, a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (the "Plan providing for the sale, subject to certain conditions, of an aggregate of (i) shares of the Company s common stock plus (ii) the net shares issued to Ms. Bloomston upon the vesting of time-based restricted stock unit awards and performance stock unit awards representing shares of the Company s common stock (assuming that any shares underlying performance stock units vest at target amounts), excluding any shares withheld to satisfy tax withholding obligations in connection with the settlement of such awards. Trades under the Plan are scheduled to commence December 30, 2024, and the Plan will expire on , or, if earlier, upon completion of all authorized transactions thereunder. 

47 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibits are filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q: 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as filed on August 14, 2024 (previously filed on August 16, 2024 as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, Commission File No. 001-38669, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 10.1 Amended and Restated 2005 Equity Compensation Plan of LiveRamp Holdings, Inc. (previously filed on August 16, 2024 as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, Commission File No. 001-38669, and incorporated herein by reference). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following financial information from our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in inline XBRL: (i) Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, (ii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iii) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iv) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2024, (v) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2023, (vi) Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and (vii) the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged in detail. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 48 

SIGNATURE 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 LIVERAMP HOLDINGS, INC. Dated: November 6, 2024 By: /s/ Lauren Dillard (Signature) 
 Lauren Dillard Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

49 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a2025q2ex311ceosection302c.htm
 EX-31.1 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 LIVERAMP HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Scott E. Howe, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of LiveRamp Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated November 6, 2024 
 By s Scott E. Howe (Signature) Scott E. Howe Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a2025q2ex312cfosection302c.htm
 EX-31.2 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 LIVERAMP HOLDINGS, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Lauren Dillard, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of LiveRamp Holdings, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Dated November 6, 2024 
 By s Lauren Dillard (Signature) Lauren Dillard Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a2025q2ex321ceosection1350.htm
 EX-32.1 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of LiveRamp Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott E. Howe, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Scott E. Howe Scott E. Howe Chief Executive Officer November 6, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a2025q2ex322cfosection1350.htm
 EX-32.2 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the accompanying Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of LiveRamp Holdings, Inc. (the Company for the period ending September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Lauren Dillard, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to my knowledge, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Lauren Dillard Lauren Dillard Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer November 6, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ramp-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ramp-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ramp-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ramp-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ramp-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

