<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_875729_0001079973-24-001553.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4387744</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>129478</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>917383</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>909930</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1104057</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1251937</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>7</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001079973-24-001553.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114163042
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001079973-24-001553
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		52
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			BION ENVIRONMENTAL TECHNOLOGIES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000875729
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	AGRICULTURE CHEMICALS [2870]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				841176672
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-19333
		FILM NUMBER:		241463136

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 323
		CITY:			OLD BETHPAGE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11804
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 758-6622

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		PO BOX 323
		CITY:			OLD BETHPAGE
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11804

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	RSTS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19930328

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001079973-24-001553.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 bion_10q-093024.htm
 FORM 10-Q

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE 

 SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _______ to _________ 

Commission File No. 

(Name of registrant in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or formation) 
 
 (I.R.S. employer identification number) 

, 

 (Address of principal executive offices) 

- 

 (Registrant s telephone number, including area
code) 

Not Applicable 

 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year,
if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Securities Act: 

Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

OTCQB 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was
required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a
large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes 

APPLICABLE
ONLY TO ISSUERS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY 

 PROCEEDINGS DURING
THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Sections
12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court.
 Not applicable. 

 APPLICABLE
ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS: 

 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each
of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 

On November 1, 2024, there were 57,236,479 Common
Shares issued and Common Shares outstanding. 

BION ENVIRONMENTAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

FORM 10-Q 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Page 

Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 2 

Balance sheets 
 
 2 

Statements of operations 
 
 3 

Statement of changes in equity (deficit) 
 
 4 

Statements of cash flows 
 
 5 

Notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 
 6 

Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 21 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 31 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 31 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 32 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 
 32 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 32 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 32 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 32 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 
 32 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 
 33 

Signatures 
 
 34 

FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

 This Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements, within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the
Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"), that involve substantial risks and uncertainties. Forward-looking
statements generally can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology such as "may," "will," "expect,"
"intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "project," "predict," "plan," "believe"
or "continue" or the negative thereof or variations thereon or similar terminology. The expectations reflected in forward-looking
statements may prove to be incorrect. 

1 

BION ENVIRONMENTAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 June 30, 

2024 
 2024 

(unaudited) 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Deposits and other assets 

Total current assets 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Property and equipment, net (Note 3) 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred compensation (Note 4) 

Convertible notes payable - affiliates (Note 5) 

Convertible bridge note payable (Note 5) 

Note payable (Note 5) 

Operating lease liability, current (Note 8) 

Total current liabilities 

Convertible notes payable (Note 5) 

Total liabilities 

Equity (deficit): 

Bion's stockholders' equity (deficit): 

Series A Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 

Series C Convertible Preferred stock, par value, 
 shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized,
 and shares issued, respectively; and shares outstanding,
 respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Subscription receivable - affiliates (Note 7) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Bion's stockholders equity (deficit) 

Noncontrolling interest 

Total equity (deficit) 

Total liabilities and (deficit) 

See notes to
condensed consolidated financial statements 

2 

BION ENVIRONMENTAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND
SUBSIDIARIES 
CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 
(UNAUDITED) 

2024 
 2023 

Revenue 

Operating expenses: 

General and administrative (including stock-based compensation) 

Depreciation 

Research and development (including stock-based compensation) 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other (income) expense: 

Interest income 

Interest expense 

Total other expense 

Net (loss) 

Net (loss) attributable to the noncontrolling interest 

Net (loss) applicable to Bion's common stockholders 

Net (loss) applicable to Bion's common stockholders 

per basic and diluted common share 

Weighted-average number of common shares outstanding: 

Basic and diluted 

See notes to
condensed consolidated financial statements 

3 

BION ENVIRONMENTAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

Bion's Stockholders' 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Series C Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Subscription Receivables for 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 Shares 
 deficit 
 interest 
 equity/(deficit) 

Balances, July 1, 2023 

Sale of units 

Warrants exercised for common shares 

Issuance of units for services 

Vesting of options for employees and services 

Vesting of warrants for employees and services 

Debt modification 

Conversion of debt and liabilities 

Modification of warrants 

Net loss 

Balances, September 30, 2023 

Balances, July 1, 2024 

Issuance of units for services 

Modification of warrants 

Modification of options 

Net loss 

Balances, September 30, 2024 

See notes to
condensed consolidated financial statements 

4 

BION ENVIRONMENTAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED CASH FLOWS 

 THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

 (UNAUDITED) 

2024 
 2023 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation expense 

Accrued interest on loans payable, deferred compensation and other 

Stock- based compensation 

Stock-based compensation for services 

(Decrease) Increase in prepaid expenses 

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

(Increase) in operating lease assets and liabilities 

Increase in deferred compensation 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Proceeds from sale of units 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Proceeds from exercise of warrants 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net decrease in cash 

Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-cash investing and financing transactions: 

Conversion of debt and liabilities into common units 

Purchase of property and equipment for accounts payable 

See notes to
condensed consolidated financial statements 

5 

BION ENVIRONMENTAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

, including non-cash compensation expenses related to extension of warrants and options. 

During the year ended June 30, 2024, a one-time,
non-recurring, non-cash charge of 
 was incurred by the Company in connection with a write-down of the capitalized carrying value of the Initial Project (at Fair
Oaks, Indiana) because the Initial Project was recently reclassified as largely a research development facility and is located
on land subject to a short term lease (as described below in Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis). This charge reduced
the Company shareholders equity to and resulted in a loss of 
 for the 2024 fiscal year. 

The constraints on available resources have had, and
continue to have, negative effects on the pace and scope of the Company s efforts to operate and develop its business. The Company
has had to delay payment of trade obligations and has had to economize in many ways that have potentially negative consequences. If the
Company is able to raise needed funds during the remainder of the current fiscal year (and subsequent periods), of which there is no assurance,
management will not need to consider deeper cuts (including additional personnel cuts) and/or curtailment of ongoing activities including
research and development activities. The Company will need to obtain additional capital to fund its operations and technology development,
to satisfy existing creditors, and to develop Projects. The Company anticipates that it will seek to raise from to 
or more debt and/or equity through sale of its equity securities (common, preferred and/or hybrid) and/or debt (including convertible)
securities, and/or through use of rights and/or warrants (new and/or existing) and/or license payments and/or through other
means during the next twelve months. Further, Bion, along with its strategic partners, will be required to raise 60 million (or more)
to fund the Stovall JV beef project, in a combination of debt financing and equity investment. However, as discussed above, there is no
assurance, especially in light of the difficulties the Company has experienced in many recent years and the extremely unsettled capital
markets that presently exist for small pre-revenue companies like us, that the Company will be able to obtain the funds that it needs
to stay in business, complete its technology development or to successfully develop its business and Projects. Ultimately, in the event
the Company cannot secure additional financial resources, or complete a strategic transaction in the longer term, the Company may need
to curtail or suspend its operational plans or current initiatives, or potentially liquidate its business interests, and investors may
lose all or part of their investment. 

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability or classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The following paragraphs describe management s
plans with regard to these conditions. 

Management s Plan 

The Company continues to explore sources of financing
to satisfy its current operating requirements and future growth needs. The Company has faced substantial demand for capital and operating
expenditures for the fiscal year 2024 that we anticipate will increase during the 2025 fiscal year and periods thereafter as we move toward
commercial implementation of our 3G Tech and development of JVs (including costs associated with additions of personnel to carry out the
business activities of the Company). As a result, the Company has faced, and continues to face, significant cash flow management challenges
due to material working capital constraints. To partially mitigate these working capital constraints, the Company's core senior management
and some key employees and consultants have been deferring most of their cash compensation and/or are accepting compensation in the form
of securities of the Company and members of the Company's senior management have from time-to-time made loans to the Company in the past
and may do so in future periods. 

To help alleviate short-term cash needs for continued
operations, in August, three affiliates of the Company (Greg Schoener, Interim COO Director; Turk Stovall, Director; Bob Weerts,
Director) and two shareholders (one of whom is the brother of Greg Schoener) began advancing money to Bion to cover critical payables.
They subsequently formed a loan group, BION BLG, LLC BLG ), and have continued to provide short-term funding for Bion in
a secured promissory note of up to .
Schoener, Weerts, and the two non-affiliate members were also large Bion shareholders, prior to the formation of BLG. As a group, Schoener,
Stovall, and Weerts own 60 of BLG, which has a security interest in the Company s Intellectual Property. The BLG note will bear
interest at a rate of 
 per annum and the maturity date is April 15, 2025. As of the filing date, BLG has advanced .
The BLG note will convert into Units (shares and/or warrants) in the Company at the terms of a later capital raise, in which Bion crosses
the threshold of 3 (three) million in aggregate capital raised (or other source of funding, and other terms as defined in the note).
If the Company is unable to complete such funding within six (6) months, it will be in default of the BLG note, which is secured by the
Company s Intellectual Property IP Collateral ). BLG will share the Collateral on a pro rata basis
with investors in a secured promissory note with similar terms being offered to previous Bion investors. The BLG note and security agreements
contain other terms set forth therein and are included as exhibits to this filing. 

In November, the Company launched a secured promissory
note offering to previous investors/shareholders (and certain others) with similar terms to the BLG note. Based on feedback from shareholders
and registered representatives with which the Company has long standing relationships, management believes that sufficient capital can
be raised with this group to 1) continue to cover critical payables to maintain operations that will allow the Company to finish the engineering
report and technology demonstration at Fair Oaks, 2) move forward with pre-development work on the Stovall project, 3) continue discussions
with potential strategic partners, and 4) position ourselves for the larger offering/funding that will be required, as described above.
However, there can be no assurance the Company will be successful in its efforts to obtain such financing. 

To date, the Company has primarily raised funds through
private placements with accredited investors, often conducted through FINRA-registered broker/dealers. However, the Company anticipates
moving forward, it will need to raise capital using a combination of financial instruments and sources, that could also include strategic
and/or institutional investors, including family offices and private equity, brokered equity or debt offerings with both public and private
investors, and banks and other ag lending institutions, among others, although there can be no assurance it will be successful. Many of
these financing options may involve dilution, potentially substantial, for current shareholders. Management intends to augment its access
to capital by adding one or more staff members (or consultants) with experience in the capital markets, as well as utilizing its current
contacts and relationships in the capital markets. 

Bion is currently in discussions with several potential
strategic partners in renewable energy (biogas/RNG and solar) and clean fuels, organic fertilizer distribution, and others involved in
reducing the carbon footprint of livestock production, especially beef. With today s U.S, and global emphasis on decarbonizing energy
and the food supply chain, the sectors have become closely intertwined, they are evolving quickly, and integrated solutions have become
increasingly desired, but complex. Bion is now evaluating both European and U.S. renewable energy/clean fuels developers, operators, and
investors to determine the best fit for moving forward with AD/RNG development for its own beef project(s), access to clean fuels value
chains for its low-carbon fertilizers, animal waste treatment for others, both here and in the EU, as well as a development partner in
industrial and municipal opportunities. Further, with the recent OMRI Listing for its commercial fertilizer, the Company has initiated
discussions with several large U.S. fertilizer manufacturers and distributors that have expressed interest in the product. Bion believes
that such relationships could entail a direct investment in Bion, licensing fee, or some other up front financial benefit
to Bion, although there is no assurance that they will. The Company is finishing data acquisition at Fair Oaks needed to complete
an independent engineering report that is critical to demonstrating the technology performance and economics of its ammonia recovery technology
to potential strategic partners. 

THERE IS NO ASSURANCE THAT THE COMPANY WILL REACH
OR APPROACH THE GOALS/TARGETS SET FORTH ABOVE. REACHING SUCH GOALS/TARGETS WILL REQUIRE RESOLUTION OF THE COMPANY S EXISTING FINANCIAL
DIFFICULTIES AND ACCESS TO VERY LARGE AMOUNTS OF CAPITAL (EQUITY AND DEBT) AS EACH BEEF PROJECT MODULE IS PROJECTED TO COST IN EXCESS
OF 60 MILLION (DEBT/EQUITY/GRANTS) TO CONSTRUCT AND WILL REQUIRE MOBILIZATION OF SUBSTANTIAL PERSONNEL, TECHNICAL RESOURCES AND MANAGEMENT
SKILLS. THE COMPANY DOES NOT POSSESS EITHER THE FINANCIAL OR PERSONNEL RESOURCES INTERNALLY AND WILL NEED TO SOURCE SUCH RESOURCES FROM
OUTSIDE. 

cash equivalents. 

Observable inputs are based on market data obtained
from independent sources, while unobservable inputs are based on the Company s market assumptions. Unobservable inputs require significant
management judgment or estimation. In some cases, the inputs used to measure an asset or liability may fall into different levels of the
fair value hierarchy. In those instances, the fair value measurement is required to be classified using the lowest level of input that
is significant to the fair value measurement. Such determination requires significant management judgment. 

The fair value of cash and accounts payable approximates
their carrying amounts due to their short-term maturities. The fair value of the loan payable is indeterminable at this time due to the
nature of the arrangement with a state agency and the fact that it is in default. The fair value of the redeemable preferred stock approximates
its carrying value due to the dividends accrued on the preferred stock which are reflected as part of the redemption value. The fair value
of the deferred compensation and convertible notes payable - affiliates are not practicable to estimate due to the related party nature
of the underlying transactions. 

Options 

Convertible debt 

The following is a reconciliation of the denominators
of the basic and diluted income (loss) per share computations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

Shares held by subsidiaries (Note 6) 

Shares outstanding beginning of period 

Weighted average shares issued during the period 

Diluted weighted average shares end of period 

Property and equipment, gross 

Less accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense was and for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 and as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively.
Included in the deferred compensation balances as of September 30, 2024, are , and owed William O Neill O Neill ), the Company s former CEO (until May 31, 2024), the estate/heirs of Dominic Bassani Bassani ),
the Company s recently deceased former Chief Operating Officer (who was Chief Executive Officer until through April 30, 2022) (NOTE:
Dominic Bassani passed away on November 11, 2023.), and Mark A. Smith Smith ), the Company s recently retired President,
respectively. 

The sums owed to Bassani and Smith are owed pursuant
to extension agreements effective January 1, 2015, whereby unpaid compensation earned after January 1, 2015, accrues interest at per
annum and can be converted into shares of the Company s common stock at the election of the employee during the first five calendar
days of any month. The conversion price shall be the average closing price of the Company s common stock for the last trading
days of the immediately preceding month. The deferred compensation owed Bassani and Smith as of June 30, 2024 was and ,
respectively. 

O Neill is owed a balance of and 
at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, pursuant to his 2021 employment agreement. There is no interest accrual or conversion
rights related to the deferred balance. O Neill terminated his service to the Company prior to the full term of his agreement. 

The Company owes deferred compensation to Craig Scott
of and at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 , respectively, with similar conversion terms as those described above
for Bassani and Smith, with the exception that the interest accrues at 0 to 3 per annum. 

The Company also owes various consultants and employees,
pursuant to various agreements, for deferred compensation of and as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively,
with similar conversion terms as those described above for Bassani and Smith, with the exception that the interest accrues at 0 to 3 
per annum. The Company also owes a former employee , which is not convertible and is non-interest bearing. 

Bassani and Smith have each been granted the right
to convert up to of deferred compensation balances at a price of per share until January 15, 2025 into common shares (to
be issued pursuant to the 2006 Plan). Smith also has the right to convert all or part of his deferred compensation balance into the Company s
securities (to be issued pursuant to the 2006 Plan) at market and/or on the same terms as the Company is selling or has
sold its securities in its then current (or most recent if there is no current) private placement. Smith also received the right to transfer
future deferred compensation to his 2020 Convertible Obligation at his election but such right is no longer in force. 

The Company recorded interest expense of 
with related parties) and with related parties) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

, and ,
respectively. Subsequent to the adjustment, the adjusted portion of the 2020 Convertible Obligations were renamed Adjusted 2020 Convertible
Obligations and the adjusted portion of the September 2015 Convertible Notes were renamed Adjusted September 2015 Convertible Notes. The
Adjusted 2020 Convertible Obligations of Smith, Bassani and Schafer are convertible into Units (consisting of 1 share and from one half
(1/2) to one (1) warrant) at prices of , , and , respectively, and the Adjusted September 2015 Convertible Notes may
be converted at the sole election of the noteholders into restricted common shares of the Company at a conversion price of per
share. The adjusted conversion prices slightly reduce the securities to be issued on conversion of each instrument from the amount receivable
under the unadjusted instruments. The Adjusted 2020 Convertible Obligations and Adjusted September 2015 Convertible Notes do not accrue
any interest until their maturity date (January 15, 2025). After the adjustment, the Company owed Smith, Bassani (and trust) and Schafer
 , and , respectively, of Adjusted 2020 Convertible Obligations and Bassani and Schafer, respectively, and
 of Adjusted September 2015 Convertible Notes. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Adjusted 2020
Convertible Obligation balances, including accrued interest, owed Bassani (and his donees), Smith and Edward Schafer were ,
nil and
 ,
respectively. As of June 30, 2024, the Adjusted 2020 Convertible Obligation balances, including accrued interest, owed Bassani (and
his donees), Smith and Edward Schafer were ,
nil and , respectively. 

As of September 30, 2024 the Adjusted September 2015 Convertible Notes
balances, including accrued interest, owed Bassani Family Trusts and Schafer were and , respectively. As of June 30, 2024
the Adjusted September 2015 Convertible Notes balances, including accrued interest, owed Bassani Family Trusts and Schafer were 
and , respectively. 

2020 Convertible Obligations 

The 2020 Convertible Obligations (which combined/replaced
prior convertible instruments dating to 2017 (or earlier), which accrue interest at either per annum or compounded quarterly
and effective January 1, 2020 were due and payable on July 1, 2024. The 2020 Convertible Obligations (including accrued interest, plus
all future deferred compensation added subsequently), are convertible, at the sole election of the holder, into Units consisting of one
share of the Company s common stock and one half to one warrant to purchase a share of the Company s common stock, at a price
of per Unit until July 1, 2024. The maturity date of the notes has been extended to January 15, 2025. The original conversion
price of 0.50 per Unit approximated the fair value of the Units at the date of the agreements; therefore, no beneficial conversion
feature exists. Management evaluated the terms and conditions of the embedded conversion features based on the guidance of ASC 815-15
 Embedded Derivatives to determine if there was an embedded derivative requiring bifurcation. An embedded derivative instrument
(such as a conversion option embedded in the deferred compensation) must be bifurcated from its host instruments and accounted for separately
as a derivative instrument only if the risks and rewards of the embedded derivative instrument are not clearly and
closely related to the risks and rewards of the host instrument in which it is embedded. Management concluded that the embedded
conversion feature of the deferred compensation was not required to be bifurcated because the conversion feature is clearly and closely
related to the host instrument, and because of the Company s limited trading volume that indicates the feature is not readily convertible
to cash in accordance with ASC 815-10, Derivatives and Hedging . Effective February 1, 2023, a large portion of the 2020
Convertible Obligations were adjusted as set forth herein. The maturity date of the notes has been extended to January 15, 2025. 

As of September 30, 2024, the remaining unadjusted portion of the 2020
Convertible Obligation balances, including accrued interest, owed Bassani Family Trusts (and his donees) and Smith, were and
 , respectively. As of June 30,2024, the remaining unadjusted portion of the 2020 Convertible Obligation balances, including accrued
interest, owed Bassani Family Trusts and Smith were and , respectively. 

The Company recorded interest expense of and
 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Mark A. Smith (the Company s President) Smith ), Dominic
Bassani (the Company s Chief Operating Officer) Bassani (NOTE: Dominic Bassani passed away on November 11, 2023.
See Note 8) and Ed Schafer (Director) Schafer ), adjusted/reduced the principal owed to them by 1,109,649, 1,939,670 and
 424,873, respectively. Subsequent to the adjustment, the adjusted portion of the 2020 Convertible Obligations were renamed Adjusted 2020
Convertible Obligations (see above). 

September 2015 Convertible Notes 

During the year ended June 30, 2016, the Company
entered into September 2015 Convertible Notes with Bassani, Schafer and a Shareholder which replaced previously issued promissory
notes. The September 2015 Convertible Notes bear interest at 4 per annum, had maturity dates of July 1, 2024, and may be
converted at the sole election of the noteholders into restricted common shares of the Company at a conversion price of per
share. As the conversion price of 0.60 approximated the fair value of the common shares at the date of the September 2015
Convertible Notes, no beneficial conversion feature exists. The maturity date of the notes has been extended to January 15, 2025 for
Bassani and Schafer and July 1, 2025 for the other note holders. 

The balances of the September 2015 Convertible Notes
as of September 30, 2024, including accrued interest owed Bassani, Schafer and Shareholder, are , , and , respectively.
As of June 30, 2024, the remaining unadjusted portion of the 2015 Convertible Notes balances including accrued interest, were ,
 and , respectively. 

The Company recorded interest expense of and
 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Convertible Bridge Loan/Default 

On September 28, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement for a 
bridge loan and executed documents including a convertible promissory note Note and a binding subscription agreement Subscription (collectively the Note and the Subscription are the Bridge Loan Agreements with SEB LLC, a non-affiliated party Lender ).
SEB and the note represented a strategic investment that would anchor a larger capital raise. In addition to SEB, it was
to include an offering to Bion shareholders, alongside new retail and institutional investors introduced by Titan Partners, the NY investment
banking firm Bion engaged to underwrite the offering. The Bridge Loan Agreements required the Lender to loan the Company 1,500,000 in
six monthly tranches of commencing October 2023. All sums advanced under the Bridge Loan Agreements (and accrued interest thereon)
would be due and payable (with interest accrued at per annum) on October 1, 2024 if not previously converted into securities of the
Company. The Note is convertible at per unit, at the sole election of the Lender, into units consisting of one share of the Company s
common stock and a warrant to purchase one half share. The initial tranche was received by the Company on October 5, 2023. However,
no further funds were received by the Company from the Lender. 

During early November 2023 the Lender informed the Company verbally that
it did not intend to fulfill its obligations pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreements and since such time the Lender has been in default Default ). Titan Partners informed the Company that it would be unable to complete an offering to their customers (or their
syndicate member s customers) without a strategic investor anchor. Further, the Company had very limited success raising money with
its own shareholders for the same reason. The Default (which is continuing) has created substantial problems for and materially damaged
the Company and rendered the Company unable to meet its current creditor obligations on a timely basis. The Company is currently evaluating
its rights regarding the Default by the Lender. This situation has contributed to the substantial increase in the Company s Current
Liabilities including accounts payable , over recent periods. See Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and
 Management s Discussion and Analysis . The Company has engaged in discussion/negotiation with its larger creditors
(including its largest creditor--- the primary contractor on the Initial Project) but has been unable to reach agreements regarding payments
due to the uncertainty as to if, when and how much funding the Company will be able to raise in future periods. As a result, the Company s
largest creditor---the primary contractor for the Initial Project --- has filed a mechanics lien in Indiana (and its largest sub-contractor
has sent notices related to its intention to file a mechanics lien) and other creditors are threatening to commence litigation and/or
repossess/remove leased equipment). Further, as of October 1, 2024, the Company is in default of the terms of the note. 

On May 10, 2024 the Company received 150,000 from affiliates of the
Bridge Loan Lender on terms not yet finalized and included in an agreement. These funds were received in the context of negotiations/discussions
regarding a potential larger investment by affiliates and/or associates of the Lender but no further funds were received and the larger
transaction was never completed. The funds were used primarily to re-initiate operations at the Initial Project. The Company is currently
involved in discussions with representatives of SEB in an effort to achieve a mutually satisfactory resolution. 

The Company recorded interest expense of 
and nil for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

May 2024 Convertible Notes 

During the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company entered into May 2024
Convertible Notes with five individuals. The May 2024 Convertible Notes bear interest at 6 per annum, have maturity dates of , and may be converted at the sole election of the noteholders into one restricted common shares and one warrant of the Company
at a conversion price of 1.00 per unit. As the conversion price of 1.00 approximated the fair value of the common shares at the
date of the May 2024 Convertible Notes, no beneficial conversion feature exists. 

The balances of the May 2024 Convertible Notes including
accrued interest owed is and as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 

The Company recorded interest expense of 
and nil for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

2024 Secured Convertible Note 

On October 22, 2024, Bion's Board of Directors ratified
an agreement with the Bion BLG, LLC, loan group, effective October 15, 2024, to purchase a Convertible Promissory Note in the principal
amount of up to . The Company received advances during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 in the amount of and interest
was applied based on the date the funds were received. The note bears interest at per annum and has a maturity date of April 15,
2025. 

Three Bion Directors (Schoener, Turk and Weets) are members of the loan
group and together comprise 60 ownership of the loan group (each member owns 20 ). The Note is secured by the Company's Intellectual
Property (IP)/patents. The Note will convert into securities in the Company at the terms of a later capital raise (or other source of
funding) in excess of 3.0 million, which must be completed within six (6) months. 

The balances of the 2024 Convertible Note Advances as of September 30,
2024, including accrued interest owed is . 

The Company recorded interest expense of for the three months ended
September 30, 2024. 

in order to conform to the applicable accounting practices, because the Initial
Project was recently reclassified as largely a research development facility and is located on land subject to a short term lease
(as described below in Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis). As a result, a large one time/non-recurring 
 non-cash charge of was taken by the Company at that date which charge reduced the Company shareholders 
equity to and resulted in a loss of for the 2024 fiscal year. 

Give-back Agreements to Additional Paid in Capital 

Effective April 1, 2024 the Company entered into two material definitive
agreements regarding voluntary surrender for cancellation of securities of the Company (and related matters) by: a) members of the family
of Dominic Bassani, recently deceased former Chief Executive Officer and (with his family) the Company s largest shareholder (collectively
 Bassani Family )(see Exhibit 10.1)( Bassani Family Agreement ), and b) Mark A. Smith, President of the Company
and a director (see Exhibit 10.2)( MAS Agreement ). The Bassani Family and Smith entered into these agreements with the intention
of mitigating dilution to shareholders as new, successor management is added to the Company s management team. The giveback 
agreements were treated as equity transactions because the forfeitures were with affiliates that are related parties. 

The Bassani Family has agreed to surrender not less than approximately
20 of its Company holdings (as of December 2023), which surrender will increase to approximately 30 based on certain financing performances.
The Bassani Family elected to surrender deferred compensation of (for shares), of partial surrender of the 2015
adjusted replacement note (for shares) and options as of June 30, 2024, the Company s fiscal year end. The Bassani
Family Agreement also sets forth requirements regarding conversion of convertible notes held by members of the Bassani Family after the
security surrender. 

MAS has agreed to surrender approximately 30 of his Company holdings (as
of December 2023). Immediately upon the effectiveness of the MAS Agreement, he cancelled all Company options held by him , in
aggregate) and waived of accrued deferred compensation (convertible into shares of the Company s common stock). The
MAS Agreement also sets forth requirements regarding conversion of convertible notes held by MAS after the security surrender and references
the planned retirement of MAS on or before May 15, 2024. 

Subsequently, and effective June 27, 2024, the Board of Directors of the
Company agreed to amend the terms of the agreements dated April 1, 2024. The amendments solely extend any dates of certain required conversions
and/or exercises (and related promissory note maturity dates and warrant expiration dates), if any, that were earlier than January 15,
2025, to said date. No changes were made regarding any givebacks of securities of the Company. 

Series B Preferred stock: 

Since July 1, 2014, the Company had shares of Series B redeemable
convertible Preferred stock outstanding with a par value of per share, convertible at the option of the holder at per
share, with dividends accrued and payable at 2.5 per quarter. The Series B Preferred stock is mandatorily redeemable at per
share by the Company three years after issuance and accordingly was classified as a liability. The 200 shares had reached their redemption
date and the Company approved the redemption of the Series B preferred stock during the year ended June 30, 2022. The 200 shares of Series
B redeemable convertible Preferred stock were redeemed for , which included the in accrued dividend payable. 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and
the year ended June 30, 2024, the Company declared dividends of nil 
and nil respectively. The dividends are classified as a component of operations as the Series B Preferred stock is presented as a
liability in these condensed consolidated financial statements. There is liability at September 30, 2024. 

Common stock: 

Holders of common stock are entitled to one vote per share on all matters
to be voted on by common stockholders. In the event of liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company, the holders of common stock
are entitled to share in all assets remaining after liabilities have been paid in full or set aside and the rights of any outstanding
preferred stock have been satisfied. Common stock has no preemptive, redemption or conversion rights. The rights of holders of common
stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of the holders of any outstanding series of preferred stock or any
series of preferred stock the Company may designate in the future. 

Centerpoint holds 704,309 shares of the Company s common stock. These
shares of the Company s common stock held by Centerpoint are for the benefit of its shareholders without any beneficial interest. 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, shares of restricted
common stock were issued for consulting services valued at . 

Warrants: 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately
17.1 million warrants outstanding, with exercise prices from to and expiring on various dates through December 31, 2026. 

The weighted-average exercise price for the outstanding warrants is ,
and the weighted-average remaining contractual life as of September 30, 2024 is . years. 

On July 15, 2024 the Company modified warrants
by extending the exercise date. Employees and directors were extended two year and investors were extended one year. The valuation method
used by the Company determines the valuation based on prior private placements. One year extensions were valued at 0.05 and two year
extensions were valued at 0.15. The company had non-cash employee compensation of and interest expense of . 

Stock options: 

On April 7, 2022 the Company s shareholders approved the Bion Environmental
Technologies, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Award Plan (the Equity Plan ). The Equity Plan provides for the issuance
of options (and/or other securities) to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock. The Equity Plan
was adopted and ratified by Board of Directors on April 8, 2022. Terms of exercise and expiration of options/securities granted under
the Equity Plan may be established at the discretion of the Board of Directors, but no option may be exercisable for more than ten years.
No grants have been made pursuant to the Equity Plan as of the date of this report. 

The Company s 2006 Consolidated Incentive Plan, as amended during
the year ended June 30, 2021 (the 2006 Plan ), provides for the issuance of options (and/or other securities) to purchase
up to shares of the Company s common stock. Terms of exercise and expiration of options/securities granted
under the 2006 Plan may be established at the discretion of the Board of Directors, but no option may be exercisable for more than ten
years. The 2006 Plan will be maintained to service grants already made thereunder (together with new grants, if any, to employees and
consultants who already has received grants pursuant to its terms). 

The Company recorded compensation expense related
to employee stock options of and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company granted
nil and nil options for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

On July 15, 2024 the Company modified options by extending the
exercise date. options held by employees and directors were extended two years from December 31, 2024 to December 31, 2026.
 options with a non-employee were extended one year from December 31, 2024 to December 31, 2025. The company used the Black- Scholes
valuation method and expensed to non-cash compensation. 

A summary of option activity under the 2006 Plan for three months ended
September 30, 2024 is as follows: 

Granted 

Exercised 

Forfeited 

Expired 

Outstanding at September 30, 2024 

The total fair value of stock options that vested
during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was nil and nil respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had no unrecognized
compensation cost related to stock options. 

, including interest) from Bassani which were
received as consideration for purchases of warrants to purchase shares, in aggregate, of the Company s restricted common
stock, which warrants have an exercise price of (with a 75 exercise price adjustment provision) and have expiry dates ranging from
December 31, 2024 (now extended to January 15, 2025) to December 31, 2025 (subject to extension rights) secured by portions of Bassani
Family Trust s 2020 Convertible Obligation and Bassani Family Trust s September 2015 Convertible Notes. The secured promissory
notes are payable January 15, 2025. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company has an interest
bearing, secured promissory note for including interest) from Smith as consideration to purchase warrants to purchase
300,000 shares of the Company s restricted common stock, which warrants are exercisable at (with a 75 exercise price adjustment
provision) and had expiry dates of December 31, 2024 (now extended to January 15, 2025). The promissory note bears interest at per
annum and is secured by original principal including interest) of Smith s 2020 Convertible Obligations. The secured
promissory note is payable on January 15, 2025. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company has an interest
bearing, secured promissory note for including interest) from Scott as consideration to purchase warrants to purchase
485,000 shares of the Company s restricted common stock, which warrants are exercisable at (with a 90 exercise price adjustment
provision) and have expiry dates of December 31, 2024 (now extended to December 31, 2026). The promissory note bears interest at per
annum and is secured by the warrants (which were gifted subject to the security interest). 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company has one interest
bearing, secured promissory note with an aggregate principal amount of including interest) from one employee as consideration
to acquire warrants to purchase shares of the Company s restricted common stock, which warrants are exercisable at 
(with a 90 exercise price adjustment provision) and have expiry dates of December 31, 2024 (now extended to December 31, 2026). (The
promissory note bears interest at per annum and is secured by a perfected security interest in the warrants, and are payable on December
31, 2026). 

These secured promissory notes are recorded as Subscription
receivable affiliates on the Company s balance sheet pending payment. 

17 

of which is deferred. During the year
ended June 30, 2024 and three months ended September 30, 2024, Scott deferred substantial portions of his monthly salary to help the Company
conserve cash. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, Scott was paid nil and respectively. 

William O Neill O Neill was hired as the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO effective May 1, 2022 and he elected not to complete his
contractual term and ended his service with the Company effective May 31, 2024. O Neill had previously been working with the
Company as a consultant and had been employed by the Company as its CEO during 2010-2011. (Upon the hiring of O Neill, Bassani,
CEO of the Company from 2011, assumed the position of COO while retaining existing operational management responsibilities and working
with O Neill on commercialization of the Company s technology and work related to JVs (and other transactions)
based on the Company s Gen3 Technology and related matters until his recent death. Bassani s compensation arrangements with
the Company were not altered in the context of the change of positions.) The Company and O Neill entered into a thirty-seven (37)
month employment agreement with compensation of cash and deferred compensation per month. The cash payment is
paid to O Neill and 12,500 to an entity affiliated with O Neill. An entity affiliated with O Neill was
issued 1,000,000 Incentive Warrants exercisable at 1.00 per share (a 75 exercise price adjustment provision if the terms set forth
therein are met) until April 30, 2026 of which up to 304,743 Incentive Warrants have been cancelled due to O Neill s failure
to serve the entire contract term. O Neill was not paid, from October 31, 2023 until his resignation, deferring part or all
of his cash compensation due to the Company s financial crisis described in multiple places herein, and was accrued during
that period. 

Until his retirement on July 31, 2024, Smith
held the positions of Director, President, Interim Chief Financial Officer and General Counsel of Company (and its subsidiaries)
under various agreements (and extensions) and terms since March 2003. On October 10, 2016, the Company approved a month-to-month
contract extension with Smith which included provisions for i) a monthly salary of (deferred
until the Board of Directors re-instated cash payments to all employees and consultants who are deferring compensation), ii) the
right to convert up to of
his deferred compensation, at his sole election, at per
share, until December 31, 2024, and iii) the right to convert his deferred compensation in whole or in part, at his sole
election, at any time in any amount at market or into securities sold in the Company s current/most recent
private offering at the price of such offering to third parties. Smith agreed effective July 29, 2018 to continue to serve the
Company under the same basic terms on a month-to-month basis. On May 1, 2022 Smith s compensation was increased to per
month of which 5,000 per month was deferred. Smith deferred substantial portions of his monthly compensation to help the Company
conserve cash. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, Smith was paid nil and , respectively, of cash
compensation. Smith was paid, deferring part or all of his cash compensation, since October 31, 2023, due to the Company s
financial crisis described in multiple places herein and has been accrued during that period until September 30, 2024. 

From no later than March 31, 2005, the Company had
various agreements with Dominic Bassani (and/or Brightcap which provided his services during some of the years) (NOTE: Dominic Bassani
passed away on November 11, 2023.) who was serving as the Company s Chief Operating Officer COO at the time of his
passing and formerly served as the Company s Chief Executive Officer CEO for the prior decade (any reference to
Brightcap or Bassani for all purposes are referring to the same individual). The Board appointed Bassani as the Company's CEO effective
May 13, 2011. On February 10, 2015, the Company executed an Extension Agreement with Bassani pursuant to which Bassani extended the term
of his service to the Company to December 31, 2017 (with the Company having an option to extend the term an additional six months.) Pursuant
to the Extension Agreement, Bassani continued to defer his cash compensation per month) until the Board of Directors re-instated
cash payments to all employees and consultants who were deferring their compensation. During October 2016 Bassani was granted the right
to convert up to of his deferred compensation, at his sole election, at per share, until March 15, 2018 (which
was expanded on April 27, 2017, to the right to convert up to of his deferred compensation, at his sole election, at per
share, until June 30, 2024 (including extensions). During February 2018, the Company agreed to the material terms for a binding two-year
extension agreement for Bassani s services as CEO. Bassani s salary remained per month, which accrued in part
during periods when the Board determined there was not adequate cash available. Additionally, the Company agreed to pay or accrue per
month to be applied to life insurance premiums (which sums were accrued as liabilities). On August 1, 2018, in the context of extending
his agreement to provide services to the Company on a full-time basis through December 31, 2022) plus 2 years after that on a part-time
basis, the Company received an interest bearing secured promissory note for from Bassani as consideration to purchase warrants
to purchase shares of the Company s restricted common stock, which warrants are exercisable at 0.60 and have
expiry dates of June 30, 2025. The promissory note is secured by a portion of Bassani s 2020 Convertible Obligations and, as of
June 30, 2024, the principal and accrued interest was . For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, Brightcap was
paid nil and , respectively, of cash compensation. 

Effective April 1, 2024 the Company entered into two
material definitive agreements regarding voluntary surrender for cancellation of securities of the Company (and related matters) by: a)
members of the family of Dominic Bassani, recently deceased former Chief Executive Officer and (with his family) the Company s largest
shareholder (collectively Bassani Family )( Bassani Family Agreement ), and b) Mark A. Smith, President of the
Company and a director MAS ( MAS Agreement ), as described in multiple places herein. 

B: Initial Project: 

On January 28, 2022 Bion Environmental Technologies,
Inc. Bion ), on behalf of Bion 3G1 LLC 3G1 ), a wholly-owned subsidiary, entered into a Purchase Order Agreement
with Buflovak and Hebeler Process Solutions (collectively Buflovak in the amount of (and made the initial 
payment for the core of the Bion System portion (without the crystallization modules which will be ordered and
fabricated pursuant to subsequent agreements) of the previously announced 3G Tech Initial Project. This Purchase Order encompassed the
core of Bion s 3G Technology. The Company received progress billing in March 2022 and June 2022 for the second and third installments,
both of which have been paid as of the filing date. On January 17, 2023 the Company received an invoice from Buflovak for which
was paid on March 1, 2023 and on April 24, 2023 the Company received an invoice from Buflovak for which was paid on May 2, 2023
bringing the aggregate payments to as of the date of this filing. On July 26, 2023 the Company received the final invoice for
 , was paid on January 2, 2024 leaving a balance of . In addition to the Purchase Order, through September 30, 2024
the Company has incurred additional costs of on the Initial Project for capitalized interest and costs, non-cash compensation,
equipment and consulting fees. has been paid and has been billed and not yet paid. 

Buflovak
(a division of Hebeler Process Solutions) has worked with the Company on design and testing of its 3G Tech over several years. The basic
design for the Initial Project s ARS System, fabrication and delivery of equipment from Buflovak, and assembly/construction were
completed in July 2023, followed by system startup. Steady-state operations were achieved in September 2023, after which time we
began optimization of the ARS in preparation for providing final design for full-scale systems, as well as demonstrating its performance
and economics for an independent engineering report. Due to delays and interruptions in our ability to operate the system (as below),
those efforts have continued to date. We worked in concert with Integrated Engineering Services, the primary site engineering firm for
the facility, on the integration of all project components/modules at the Initial Project site during assembly/construction. Additional
agreements were entered into with various professional services providers (engineers, surveyors, utilities, etc.) for work related to
the Initial Project. The Company has incurred costs of 
 on the Initial Project, not including capitalized
labor and interest. 

Management previously believed that the Initial Project
had reached the point where it could be appropriately deemed placed in service at January 1, 2024. However, discussions
with the key technical and engineering personnel involved at the Initial Project during the recently concluded quarter convinced management
that such a characterization was premature as some key modules had not yet been completed and/or fully tested. Additionally, due to some
recent equipment break-downs, the Initial Project was in maintenance mode at that time (and not conducting operations), while the Company
awaited required replacement parts and subsequent repairs. This process was slowed by the Company s ongoing difficulties in raising
needed funds for its activities. The Company s Board of Directors re-evaluated the classification/status of the Initial Project
as part of the Company s annual review process and determined that the Initial Project had been placed in service 
at the June 30, 2024, fiscal year end. Further, after extensive discussion, it was determined that the carrying value of
the Initial Project on the Company balance sheet as of that date be reduced to 0 in order to conform to accepted accounting practices,
because the Initial Project was recently reclassified as largely a research development facility and is located on land subject
to a short term lease (as described below in Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis). As a result, a large one time/non-recurring 
 non-cash charge of has been taken by the Company at that date which charge reduced the Company shareholders 
equity to and resulted in a loss of for the 2024 fiscal year. 

C: Lease: 

The Company entered into an agreement on September
23, 2021, to lease approximately four acres of land near Fair Oaks, Indiana, for the development site of its Initial Project. 

The future minimum lease payment under noncancelable
operating lease with terms greater than one year as of September 30, 2024: 

Undiscounted cash flow 

Less imputed interest 

Total 

The weighted average remaining lease term and discounted
rate related to the Company s lease liability as of September 30, 2024 were years and , respectively. The Company s
lease discount rate is generally based on the estimates of its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rates implicit in the Company s
lease cannot be readily determined. 

The Company has not made lease payments since October
16, 2023 and owes in lease payments at September 30, 2024. 

D: Litigation (and related matters): 

The Company currently is not involved in any other
material litigation or similar events. 

.
Schoener, Weerts, and the two non-affiliate members were also large Bion shareholders, prior to the formation of BLG. As a group, Schoener,
Stovall, and Weerts own 60 of BLG, which has a security interest in the Company s Intellectual Property. The BLG note will bear
interest at a rate of 
 per annum and the maturity date is . As of the date of filing, BLG has advanced ..
The BLG note will convert into Units (shares and/or warrants) in the Company at the terms of a later capital raise, in which Bion crosses
the threshold of 3 (three) million in aggregate capital raised (or other source of funding, and other terms as defined in the note).
If the Company is unable to complete such funding within six (6) months, it will be in default of the BLG note, which is secured by the
Company s Intellectual Property IP Collateral ). BLG will share the Collateral on a pro rata basis
with investors in a Note with similar terms being offered to previous Bion investors. The BLG note and security agreements contain other
terms set forth therein and are included as exhibits to this filing. 

On
November 1, 2024, the Company executed a selling agreement with KCD Financial (a FINRA-registered broker/dealer whom the Company has a
long-standing relationship), marking the launch of a secured promissory note offering
(dated October 20, 2024) to previous investors/ shareholders
(and certain others) with similar terms to the BLG note. Based on feedback from shareholders and registered representatives with which
the Company has long standing relationships, management believes that sufficient capital can be raised with this group to 1) continue
to cover critical payables to maintain operations that will allow the Company to finish the engineering report and technology demonstration
at Fair Oaks, 2) move forward with pre-development work on the Stovall project, 3) continue discussions with potential strategic partners,
and 4) position ourselves for the larger offering/ funding that will be required. However, there can be no assurance the Company will
be successful in its efforts to obtain such financing. 

20 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF
FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Statements made in this Form 10-Q that are not historical
or current facts, which represent the Company's expectations or beliefs including, but not limited to, statements concerning the Company's
operations, performance, financial condition, business strategies, and other information, involve substantial risks and uncertainties.
The Company's actual results of operations, most of which are beyond the Company's control, could differ materially. These statements
often can be identified by the use of terms such as "may," "will," "expect," "believe," anticipate,"
"estimate," or "continue" or the negative thereof. We wish to caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such
forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. Any forward-looking statement represents management's best judgment
as to what may occur in the future. However, forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and important factors beyond
our control that could cause actual results and events to differ materially from historical results of operations and events and those
presently anticipated or projected. 

These factors include potential conflicts of interest
related to the BLG loan group, its control by three of Bion s Directors and key management, and its security position in the Company s
IP (see below, Item K), adverse economic conditions, entry of new and stronger competitors, inadequate capital and limited ability to
obtain financing, needed personnel and equipment, unexpected costs, failure (or delay) to gain product certifications and/or regulatory
approvals in the United States (or particular states) or foreign countries, loss (permanently or for any extended period of time) of the
services of members of the Company s small core management team and failure to obtain access to new markets. Additional risks and
uncertainties that may affect forward looking statements about Bion's business and prospects include: i) the possibility that markets
for eco-friendly/sustainable beef, organic and low-carbon fertilizer products, and clean fuels will be slow to develop (or not develop
at all), ii) the possibility that competitors will develop more comprehensive and/or less expensive environmental solutions, iii) delays
in market awareness of Bion and our Systems, iv) uncertainties and costs increases related to research and development efforts to update
and improve Bion s technologies and applications thereof, and/or v) delays and/or costs exceeding expectations relating to Bion's
development of the Initial Project, JVs and/or Projects and vi) failure of marketing strategies, each of which could have both immediate
and long term material adverse effects by placing us behind our competitors and requiring expenditures of our limited resources. 

Bion disclaims any obligation subsequently to revise
any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated
or unanticipated events. 

The following discussion and analysis should be read
in conjunction with the Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements filed with this Report. 

BUSINESS OVERVIEW AND PLAN 

The Company has been under substantial financial and
management stress over the past eighteen (18) months. Covid-related delays during technology pilot development at Buflovak in New York,
followed by post-Covid supply chain disruptions during construction of our demonstration facility at Fair Oaks, have led to extreme difficulties
in raising needed funds. These delays prevented us from meeting our project development and related capital timelines, and were further
compounded by the death (following extended illness) of Dominic Bassani, who most recently served as our COO from May 2022 after serving
as our CEO for the prior decade, the subsequent resignation of Bill O Neill, Dominic s replacement at the CEO position, effective
May 31, 2024, followed by the anticipated retirement of Mark A. Smith, the Company s President, General Counsel and Chief Financial
Officer, effective July 31, 2024. 

Since the end of May 2024, a new core leadership team
has been installed (see H and I, below) and a short-term funding facility has been implemented (see K, below) while longer term capital
solutions are evaluated. Our new leadership team believes the financial and management difficulties Bion has faced are outweighed by the
success of our technology demonstration and optimization initiatives at our Fair Oaks facility. This success coincides with clear and
growing trends in both sustainable agriculture and clean fuels technology and policy that favor Bion s technology and business opportunities.
Bion leadership believes this confluence of events positions the Company, assuming it aligns with appropriate strategic partners and obtains
sufficient financing, to exploit a unique opportunity to participate in transformational change at the intersection of agriculture, renewable
energy and clean fuels, clean air and water, and evolving consumer demand. 

21 

PLEASE NOTE: 

A: The Company is not currently generating any significant revenues.
Further, the Company s anticipated revenues, if any, from existing Projects, JVs and proposed Projects will not be sufficient to
meet the Company s anticipated operational and capital expenditure needs for many years. Current liabilities were approximately
 6.1 million at September 30, 2024 which represents an increase of approximately 337,000 from June 30, 2024 (largely due to an increase
current debt for new debt as well as deferred compensation. Similarly, the Company s cash on hand decreased from approximately 52,000
to approximately 36,000 over the same period. The Company has faced extreme difficulty obtaining needed funding during the entire 2024
fiscal year, which has continued throughout the first quarter of the current fiscal year to date. 

B: Previous management believed
that the Initial Project had reached the point where it could be appropriately deemed placed in service at January 1, 2024.
However, discussions with the key technical and engineering personnel involved at the Initial Project during the recently concluded quarter
convinced management that such a characterization was premature as some key modules had not yet been completed and/or fully tested at
that date. Additionally, due to some equipment break-downs, the Initial Project was in maintenance mode rather than conducting operations,
while the Company awaited required replacement parts and subsequent repairs. This process was slowed by the Company s ongoing difficulties
in raising the funds needed for its activities. The Company s Board of Directors re-evaluated the classification/status of the
Initial Project as part of the Company s annual review process and determined that the Initial Project should have been placed
in service at the June 30, 2024, fiscal year end. 

Further, after extensive discussion between previous
management and the Board, it was determined that the carrying value of the Initial Project, as of that date, be reduced
to 0 on the Company balance sheet, in order to conform with accepted accounting practices. Bion s technology demonstration system
was always planned as a small scale integrated Gen3Tech beef project. Due to covid-related delays and increased capital constraints, it
was decided to move quickly to initially construct Phase 1, which was the standalone ARS at Fair Oaks. As matters progressed, including
cost overruns, management and financial crises, etc., Bion was unable to proceed further at Fair Oaks. It was anticipated that the ARS
would be relocated to another site (potential locations included Ribbonwire Ranch or University of Nebraska-Lincoln) after providing the
final design data, where it would be integrated with a small scale Gen3Tech beef facility as originally planned. We recently learned it
would not be economically feasible to decommission and disassemble the ARS, then transport, reassemble, and recommission it at another
location. Therefore, since the Initial Project is now: i) largely a research development facility and ii) is located on land subject
to a short-term lease, it no longer has commercial value and was written down to 0. As a result, a large one time/non-recurring 
 non-cash charge of 9,460,425 has been taken by the Company, at that date, which charge reduced the Company shareholders 
equity to 5,808,501) and resulted in a loss of 11,691,115 for the 2024 fiscal year. 

C: On September 28, 2023, the Company
entered into an agreement for a 1,500,000 bridge loan and executed documents including a convertible promissory note Note and a binding subscription agreement Subscription (collectively the Note and the Subscription
are the Bridge Loan Agreements with SEB LLC, a non-affiliated party Lender ). SEB and the note
represented a strategic investment that would anchor a larger capital raise. In addition to SEB, it was to include an
offering to Bion shareholders, alongside new retail and institutional investors introduced by Titan Partners, the NY investment
banking firm Bion engaged to underwrite the offering. The Bridge Loan Agreements required the Lender to loan the Company 1,500,000
in six monthly tranches of 250,000 commencing October 2023. All sums advanced under the Bridge Loan Agreements (and accrued
interest thereon) would be due and payable (with interest accrued at 9 per annum) on October 1, 2024 if not previously converted
into securities of the Company. The Note is convertible at 1.00 per unit, at the sole election of the Lender, into units consisting
of one share of the Company s common stock and a warrant to purchase one half share. The initial 250,000 tranche was received
by the Company on October 5, 2023. However, no further funds were received by the Company from the Lender. 

During early November 2023 the Lender informed the
Company verbally that it did not intend to fulfill its obligations pursuant to the Bridge Loan Agreements and since such time the Lender
has been in default Default ). Titan Partners informed the Company that it would be unable to complete an offering to their
customers (or their syndicate member s customers) without a strategic investor anchor. Further, the Company had very limited success
raising money with its own shareholders for the same reason. The Default (which is continuing) has created substantial problems for and
materially damaged the Company and rendered the Company unable to meet its current creditor obligations on a timely basis. The Company
is currently evaluating its rights regarding the Default by the Lender. This situation has contributed to the substantial increase in
the Company s Current Liabilities , including accounts payable , over recent periods. See Condensed Consolidated
Financial Statements and Management s Discussion and Analysis . The Company has engaged in discussion/negotiation with
its larger creditors (including its largest creditor--- the primary contractor on the Initial Project) but has been unable to reach agreements
regarding payments due to the uncertainty as to if, when and how much funding the Company will be able to raise in future periods. As
a result, the Company s largest creditor---the primary contractor for the Initial Project --- has filed a mechanics lien in Indiana
(and its largest sub-contractor has sent notices related to its intention to file a mechanics lien) and other creditors are threatening
to commence litigation and/or repossess/remove leased equipment). Further, as of October 1, 2024, the Company is in default of the terms
of the note. 

On May 10, 2024 the Company received 150,000 from
affiliates of the Bridge Loan Lender on terms not yet finalized and included in an agreement. These funds were received in the context
of negotiations/discussions regarding a potential larger investment by affiliates and/or associates of the Lender but no further funds
were received and the larger transaction was never completed. The funds were used primarily to re-initiate operations at the Initial Project.
The Company is currently involved in discussions with representatives of SEB in an effort to achieve a mutually satisfactory resolution. 

22 

D: At the end of December 2023, Bion achieved
key objectives in the optimization of the Ammonia Recovery System at our commercial-scale demonstration facility in Fair Oaks, Indiana. Though
delayed by supply chain issues, the demonstration at Fair Oaks confirmed the system's state-of-the-art capabilities and economics. In
managements opinion, the wide applicability of the ARS and its environmental benefits cannot be overstated, as livestock-related
and other nutrient issues continue to grow, both in the U.S. and globally. 

E: On January 2, 2024, Bion received a new
(continuation) patent that broadened the claims related to its Ammonia Recovery System (ARS) to include industrial and municipal wastewater
sources, in addition to animal waste streams that were previously covered. Since that time, Bion has and will continue to direct part
of its limited resources to understanding and evaluating opportunities to apply its ARS as a standalone ammonia control
solution in these sectors. In such cases, the ARS would be deployed as a bolt-on ammonia solution (vs integrated into a Bion Gen3Tech
livestock platform) for facilities (both new and existing) that produce biogas from organic waste streams, such as food, food processing,
and livestock packing/slaughter. These facilities are subject to EPA-mandated discharge limits that require ammonia control or face other
limitations on ammonia/nitrogen in the effluent from biogas production. We believe at this time there is potentially a robust opportunity
to provide ammonia control solutions to others and we intend to pursue this opportunity in the coming year. 

F: Effective April 1, 2024, the Company entered
into two material definitive agreements regarding voluntary surrender for cancellation of securities of the Company (and related matters)
by: a) members of the family of Dominic Bassani, recently deceased former Chief Executive Officer and (with his family) the Company s
largest shareholder (collectively Bassani Family ), and b) Mark A. Smith, President of the Company and a director MAS ).
The Bassani Family and MAS entered into these agreements with the intention of mitigating dilution to shareholders as new, successor management
is added to the Company s management team. The Bassani Family has agreed to surrender not less than approximately 20 of its Company
holdings (as of December 2023) which surrender will increase to approximately 30 based on certain financing performances (see Form 8-K
dated April 3, 2024, Exhibit 10.1). The Bassani Family will elect exactly which Company securities it will surrender for cancellation
on or before June 30, 2024, the Company s fiscal year end. The Bassani Family Agreement also sets forth requirements regarding conversion
of convertible notes held by members of the Bassani Family after the security surrender. See Exhibit 10.1 for the material terms of the
contemplated transactions. MAS has agreed to surrender approximately 30 of his Company holdings (as of December 2023). Immediately upon
the effectiveness of the MAS Agreement, he cancelled all Company options held by him (2,425,000, in aggregate) and waived 56,250 of accrued
deferred compensation (convertible into 75,000 shares of the Company s common stock). The MAS Agreement also sets forth requirements
regarding conversion of convertible notes held by MAS after the security surrender and references the planned retirement of MAS on or
before May 15, 2024. See Exhibit 10.2 for the material terms of the contemplated transactions. Subsequently, and effective June 27, 2024,
the Board of Directors of the Company agreed to amend the terms of the agreements dated April 1, 2024. The amendments solely extend any
dates of certain required conversions and/or exercises (and related promissory note maturity dates and warrant expiration dates), if any,
that were earlier than January 15, 2025, to said date. No changes were made regarding any givebacks of securities of the
Company. On June 30, 2024, the Bassani Family provided the Company with their list regarding surrender of 20 of its Company holdings
(as of December 2023) (See Exhibit 10.1). As previously reported, MAS has previously completed 100 of his give backs . 

G: On May 13, 2024, the Board of Directors
commenced a Board-led review of potential strategic alternatives to ensure the Company s survival and to enhance Bion s potential
growth and maximize shareholder value. The review will include assessing approaches to optimize the Company s multiple business
opportunities through alternative capital return strategies, potential strategic or financial transactions, and developing strategic initiatives
best applicable to each opportunity created by our technology in order to consider all possible paths towards maximizing value creation.
No timetable has been established for the conclusion of this review and no decisions related to any further actions or potential strategic
alternatives have been made at this time. There can be no assurance that the review will result in any transaction or other strategic
change or outcome. 

H: Effective May 31, 2024, Bion accepted the
resignation of Bill O Neill, both as CEO and Director. Mr. O Neill had previously informed the Board that he believed he was
not being adequately compensated or incentivized and the job was too difficult. On May 21, 204, Bion received a letter from Mr. O Neill
that expressed his dissatisfaction with the Board s refusal to address his demands and stated he was resigning to pursue other opportunities,
despite the fact he had not yet completed the last year of a three-year agreement. Bion chose to accept his resignation in the belief
the Company needed a change in leadership and approach. 

I: On June 1, 2024, Craig Scott joined the
Company's Board of Directors. Mr. Scott has served Bion in several senior positions, dating back to 1996. Mr. Scott also agreed to assume
a broader management role for Bion and subsequently accepted the role of interim Chief Executive Officer. Also in June, Greg Schoener
assumed the role of Chief Operating Officer on an interim basis. He also joined Bion's Board of Directors. Mr. Schoener is a successful
business owner and operator, serving the construction industry in Houston, Texas. He brings broad business management experience, with
an emphasis on mission-focused execution and accountability. He has been a Bion shareholder since late-2020. Bob Weerts, another Bion
shareholder and a successful serial entrepreneur from Winnebago, Minnesota, also accepted a position on Bion s Board of Directors. 

23 

J: On June 18, 2024, Bion formed a strategic
relationship with Turk Stovall and Stovall Ranching Companies with the goal of developing a 16,000-head sustainable beef project at Stovall s
Yellowstone Cattle Feeders (YCF) location in Shepherd, Montana. The YCF feedyard is a traditional outdoor dirt feedlot that today is permitted
to feed up to 25,000 head. Mr. Stovall also agreed to join Bion's Board of Directors and lead a joint venture between Stovall Ranching
Companies and Bion to develop the project. The facility is envisioned to produce premium quality Montana beef that we believe will be
the 'cleanest', most eco-friendly finished beef in the marketplace. 

K: To help alleviate short-term cash
needs for continued operations, in August, three affiliates of the Company (Greg Schoener, Interim COO Director; Turk Stovall,
Director; Bob Weerts, Director) and two shareholders (one of whom is the brother of Greg Schoener) began advancing money to Bion to
cover critical payables. They subsequently formed a loan group, BION BLG, LLC BLG ), and have continued to provide
short-term funding for Bion in a secured promissory note of up to 500,000. Schoener, Weerts, and the two non-affiliate members were
also large Bion shareholders, prior to the formation of BLG. As a group, Schoener, Stovall, and Weerts own 60 of BLG, which has a
security interest in the Company s Intellectual Property. The BLG note will bear interest at a rate of 7.5 per annum and the
maturity date is April 15, 2025. As of the filing date, BLG has advanced 336,957. The BLG note will convert into Units (shares
and/or warrants) in the Company at the terms of a later capital raise, in which Bion crosses the threshold of 3 (three) million in
aggregate capital raised (or other source of funding, and other terms as defined in the note). If the Company is unable to complete
such funding within six (6) months, it will be in default of the BLG note, which is secured by the Company s Intellectual
Property IP Collateral ). BLG will share the Collateral on a pro rata basis with investors in a Note
with similar terms being offered to previous Bion investors. The BLG note and security agreements contain other terms set forth
therein and are included as exhibits to this filing. 

L: In November, the Company launched a secured promissory
note offering to previous investors/shareholders (and certain others) with similar terms to the BLG note. Based on feedback from shareholders
and registered representatives with which the Company has long standing relationships, management believes that sufficient capital can
be raised with this group to 1) continue to cover critical payables to maintain operations that will allow the Company to finish the
engineering report and technology demonstration at Fair Oaks, 2) move forward with pre-development work on the Stovall project, 3) continue
discussions with potential strategic partners, and 4) position ourselves for the larger offering/ funding that will be required. However,
there can be no assurance the Company will be successful in its efforts to obtain such financing. 

____________________________________ 

Change in Approach 

Through the end of calendar 2022, Bion s strategy
to exploit the beef opportunity was focused on developing an initial sustainable beef project as proof of concept . At the
beginning of 2023, under the guidance of our last CEO, Bion s strategy shifted to executing multiple letters of intent and agreements
for sustainable beef JV projects and moving forward with development of those projects in quick succession. During our 2023 fiscal year,
Bion entered into three (3) letters of intent LOIs ): a) July 2022 letter of intent to develop a large-scale commercial
project - a 15,000-head sustainable beef cattle feeding operation together with the Ribbonwire Ranch Ribbonwire LOI ), in
Dalhart, Texas (with a provision to expand to 60,000 head) Dalhart Project ), b) January 2023 letter of intent to develop
a large-scale commercial project - a 15,000-head sustainable beef cattle feeding operation together with the Olson Feeders and TD Angus Olson LOI ), near North Platte, Nebraska (with a provision to expand to 45,000 head or more) Olson Project ),
c) April 2023 letter of intent to develop a large-scale commercial project - a 15,000-head sustainable beef cattle feeding operation together
with Dakota Valley Growers DVG LOI near Bathgate, North Dakota DVG Project ). Based on our experience, we
believe it will not be difficult to secure participation in our Projects from additional feeders/cattlemen, especially once project financing
and offtake agreements for both protein and co-products, are in place. 

Bion s new leadership team has returned the
company to its earlier approach, focusing on building a flagship first project to prove concept feasibility and to provide
a development and finance model for future projects. Leadership made this decision after determining that a) a large addressable market
for sustainable beef does exist and consumers have demonstrated a willingness to pay a premium for sustainable food products;
however, since such products cannot be supplied today at scale, it is not a ready market and will take time to develop),
b) an entrenched industry is never eager for change and it will only occur through enlightened/ proven self-interest, and c) investment
capital of the magnitude needed for large scale conversion to sustainable production will first require proof of concept. 

Leadership believes for several reasons that the best
opportunity for the Company to prove its sustainable beef concept at this time is with the Stovall Ranch JV in Montana. In June 2024,
Bion formed a strategic relationship with Turk Stovall and Stovall Ranching Companies. Turk Stovall is a fifth-generation Montana cattleman,
with an extensive graduate-level education in cattle husbandry and an MBA in agribusiness, and he is the largest custom cattle feeder
in Montana. He also has broad experience and relationships with both the U.S. and Montana s beef industry and important state leaders,
resources, and agencies. Bion and Stovall have agreed to establish a JV, to be led by Mr. Stovall, with the goal of developing a 16,000-head
sustainable beef project at Stovall s Yellowstone Cattle Feeders YCF location in Shepherd, Montana. We anticipate
establishing the Stovall-Bion JV and creating related distribution agreements with key value chain partners during the current calendar
year, with the intent to begin construction before the end of 2024. 

 ____________________________________ 

24 

The Company s on-going difficulties raising
needed funds over the past two years have rendered the Company unable to meet its current creditor obligations on a timely basis. The
Company has engaged in discussion/negotiation with its larger creditors (including its largest creditor--- the primary contractor on the
Initial Project) but has been unable to reach agreements regarding payments due to the uncertainty as to if, when, and how much funding
the Company will be able to raise in future periods. As a result, the primary contractor has filed a mechanics in Indiana (and its largest
sub-contractor has sent notices related to its intention to file a mechanics lien) and other creditors are threatening to commence litigation
and/or repossess/remove leased equipment. The Company is behind on its lease payments related to the site of the Initial Project. On September
5, 2024, three members of the LLC met with representatives of two of the largest creditors: the
primary contractor and the property lessor. We have resumed payments to certain creditors, whose services the Company requires to continue
operations at Fair Oaks, including lease payments to the property lessor (and ongoing supplier of digestate). Discussions and ultimate
resolution are ongoing and subject to Bion s ability to raise capital in a timely manner. We have implemented extreme cost savings
measures: maintaining only mission-critical operations and funding, on a weekly basis, funding only those expenses needed to maintain
operations. These measures will continue until we can execute a larger financing or obtain other sources of capital, such as a potential
strategic investor/partner or license agreement. 

Bion is currently in discussions with several potential
strategic partners in renewable energy (biogas/RNG and solar) and clean fuels, organic fertilizer distribution, and others involved in
reducing the carbon footprint of livestock production, especially beef. With today s U.S, and global emphasis on decarbonizing energy
and the food supply chain, the sectors have become closely intertwined, they are evolving quickly, and integrated solutions have become
increasingly desired, but complex. Bion is now evaluating both European and U.S. renewable energy/clean fuels developers, operators, and
investors to determine the best fit for moving forward with AD/RNG development for its own beef project(s), access to clean fuels value
chains for its low-carbon fertilizers, animal waste treatment for others, both here and in the EU, as well as a development partner in
industrial and municipal opportunities. Further, with the recent OMRI Listing for its commercial fertilizer, the Company has initiated
discussions with several large U.S. fertilizer manufacturers and distributors that have expressed interest in the product. Bion believes
that such relationships could entail a direct investment in Bion, licensing fee, or some other up front financial benefit
to Bion, although there is no assurance that they will. The Company is finishing data acquisition at Fair Oaks needed to complete
an independent engineering report that is critical to demonstrating the technology performance and economics of its ammonia recovery technology
to potential strategic partners. 

Bion s new leadership team is strongly committed
to Bion s continuation, its future success, and its shareholders. We have returned the company to its earlier approach of focusing
on building a flagship first project to prove the concept and markets and provide a development and finance model for future
projects, instead of attempting to move forward on multiple projects simultaneously or in rapid succession. We believe this will put us
on a more achievable path. Further, this strategy will substantially reduce our need for capital, and we believe that a more reasonable
and credible objective will make it easier to raise that capital. We also believe that the recent changes in leadership, including the
addition of Turk Stovall to that leadership team, will lend validation and credibility to Bion and its business plan, making it easier
to raise capital from potential strategic, institutional, and retail investors. For several reasons, we think that the best opportunity
to finance a project, and to prove the sustainable beef concept, is with the Stovall Ranch JV in Montana and we are exploring a wide range
of alternatives related to funding both the JV and Bion. 

THERE IS NO ASSURANCE THAT THE COMPANY WILL REACH
OR APPROACH THE GOALS/TARGETS SET FORTH ABOVE. REACHING SUCH GOALS/TARGETS WILL REQUIRE RESOLUTION OF THE COMPANY S EXISTING FINANCIAL
DIFFICULTIES AND ACCESS TO VERY LARGE AMOUNTS OF CAPITAL (EQUITY AND DEBT) AS EACH BEEF PROJECT MODULE IS PROJECTED TO COST IN EXCESS
OF 60 MILLION (DEBT/EQUITY/GRANTS) TO CONSTRUCT AND WILL REQUIRE MOBILIZATION OF SUBSTANTIAL PERSONNEL, TECHNICAL RESOURCES AND MANAGEMENT
SKILLS. THE COMPANY DOES NOT POSSESS EITHER THE FINANCIAL OR PERSONNEL RESOURCES INTERNALLY AND WILL NEED TO SOURCE SUCH RESOURCES FROM
OUTSIDE ITSELF. 

For expanded information regarding our HISTORY,
BACKGROUND AND CURRENT ACTIVITIES , see discussion within the Notes (particularly Notes 1, 4, 5, and 8) included in this report,
in Forms 8-K filed earlier this year and Item 1 (and other sections) in our Annual Reports on Form 10-K filed in previous fiscal years. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 

Revenue Recognition 

The Company currently does not generate revenue
and if and when the Company begins to generate revenue the Company will comply with the provisions of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606 Revenue from Contracts with Customers . 

 Stock-based compensation 

The Company follows the provisions of ASC 718,
which generally requires that share-based compensation transactions be accounted and recognized in the statement of income based upon
their grant date fair values. 

Pursuant to ASC Topic 815 Derivatives and Hedging Topic 815 ), the Company reviews all financial instruments for the existence of features which may require fair value accounting
and a related mark-to-market adjustment at each reporting period end. Once determined, the Company assesses these instruments as derivative
liabilities. The fair value of these instruments is adjusted to reflect the fair value at each reporting period end, with any increase
or decrease in the fair value being recorded in results of operations as an adjustment to fair value of derivatives. As of September 30,
2024 and 2023, there are no derivative financial instruments. 

25 

Options: 

The Company has issued options to employees and consultants
under its 2006 Plan to purchase common shares of the Company. Options are valued on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing
model. The expected volatility is based on the historical price volatility of the Company s common stock. The dividend yield represents
the Company s anticipated cash dividend on common stock over the expected term of the stock options. The U.S. Treasury bill rate
for the expected term of the stock options was utilized to determine the risk-free interest rate. The expected term of stock options represents
the period of time the stock options granted are expected to be outstanding based upon management s estimates. 

Warrants: 

The Company has issued warrants to purchase common
shares of the Company. Warrants are valued using a fair value based method, whereby the fair value of the warrant is determined at the
warrant issue date using a market-based option valuation model based on factors including an evaluation of the Company s value as
of the date of the issuance, consideration of the Company s limited liquid resources and business prospects, the market price of
the Company s stock in its mostly inactive public market and the historical valuations and purchases of the Company s warrants.
When warrants are issued in combination with debt or equity securities, the warrants are valued and accounted for based on the relative
fair value of the warrants in relation to the total value assigned to the debt or equity securities and warrants combined. 

Lease Accounting: 

 The Company accounts for leases under ASC 842, Leases ASC
842 ). Accordingly, the Company will determine whether an arrangement contains a lease at the inception of the arrangement. If a
lease is determined to exist, the term of such lease is assessed based on the date on which the underlying asset is made available for
the Company s use by the lessor. The Company s assessment of the lease term reflects the non-cancelable term of the lease,
inclusive of any rent-free periods and/or periods covered by early-termination options which the Company is reasonably certain of not
exercising, as well as periods covered by renewal options which the Company is reasonably certain of exercising. The Company also determines
lease classification as either operating or finance at lease commencement, which governs the pattern of expense recognition and the presentation
reflected in the consolidated statements of operations over the lease term. 

 For leases with a term exceeding 12 months,
a lease liability is recorded on the Company s consolidated balance sheet at lease commencement reflecting the present value of
its fixed minimum payment obligations over the lease term. A corresponding right-of-use ROU asset equal to the initial
lease liability is also recorded, adjusted for any prepaid rent and/or initial direct costs incurred in connection with execution of the
lease and reduced by any lease incentives received. For purposes of measuring the present value of its fixed payment obligations for a
given lease, the Company uses its incremental borrowing rate, determined based on information available at lease commencement, as rates
implicit in its leasing arrangements are typically not readily determinable. The Company's incremental borrowing rate reflects the rate
it would pay to borrow on a secured basis and incorporates the term and economic environment of the associated lease. 

 THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 COMPARED
TO THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

 Revenue 

 Total revenues were nil for both the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

 General and Administrative 

 Total general and administrative expenses were
 959,000 and 666,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 Salaries and related payroll tax expenses were
 95,000 and 165,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Consulting costs were 45,000 and 185,000
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The 140,000 decrease in salary costs is due to Bill O Neill
resigning, Dominic Bassani passing away and the Company not replacing the position and a reduction in salary for Mark Smith. Investor
relations expenses were 57,000) and 46,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and the 103,000 decrease
was due to less investor-related activity during the fiscal year in order to conserve cash and a vendor issuing a credit due to the result
of an overcharge for services. Legal costs were nil and 8,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

26 

Stock-based compensation for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 659,000 and 58,000, respectively. The 601,000 increase was due to the recording of stock option
and warrant extensions in the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

 Depreciation 

 Total depreciation expense was 285 and 461
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 Research and Development 

 Total research and development expenses were
 6,400 and 8,300 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 Salaries and related payroll tax expenses were
 1,400 and 1,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Consulting costs were nil and 3,000 for the three
months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 Loss from Operations 

 As a result of the factors described above,
the loss from operations was 966,000 and 675,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively. 

 Other (Income)/Expense 

 Other expense was 206,000 and 71,000 for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 Interest expense related to deferred compensation,
loan payable and convertible notes prior to capitalization was 25,000 and 15,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively. Interest expense related to warrant modifications was 181,000 and nil for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and
2023, respectively. 

 Net Loss Attributable to the Noncontrolling
Interest 

 The net loss attributable to the noncontrolling
interest was nil and nil for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

 Net Loss Attributable to Bion s
Common Stockholders 

 As a result of the factors described above,
the net loss attributable to Bion s stockholders was 1,172,000 and 746,000 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023,
respectively, and the net loss per basic common share was .02 and .02 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

27 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 

The Company's condensed consolidated financial statements
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 have been prepared on a going concern basis, which contemplates the realization of assets
and the settlement of liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business. The Report of our Independent Registered Public Accounting
Firm on the Company's consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended June 30, 2024 includes a "going concern"
explanatory paragraph which means that the auditors stated that conditions exist that raise substantial doubt about the Company's ability
to continue as a going concern. 

Operating Activities 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash of
approximately 36,000. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 218,000, primarily
consisting of cash operating expenses related to salaries and benefits, and other general and administrative costs such as insurance,
legal, accounting, consulting and investor relations expenses as well as the purchase of property and equipment. Cash expenditures were
offset in part by proceeds from financing activities, a total of 202,000 in debt funding. During the three months ended September 30,
2023, net cash used in operating activities was 395,000, primarily consisting of cash operating expenses related to salaries and benefits,
and other general and administrative costs such as insurance, legal, accounting, consulting and investor relations expenses as well as
the purchase of property and equipment. Cash expenditures were offset by proceeds from financing activities, primarily the exercise of
warrants and sale of common shares 

As previously noted, the Company is currently not
generating significant revenue and accordingly has not generated cash flows from operations. The Company does not anticipate generating
sufficient revenues to offset operating and capital costs for a minimum of two to five years. While there are no assurances that the Company
will be successful in its efforts to develop and construct its Projects and market its Systems, it is certain that the Company will require
substantial funding from external sources. As stated in multiple places in this report, over the last 3 months the Company has had only
very limited success in raising needed funds which lack of success has had material negative effects on the Company and its business.
Given the unsettled state of the current credit and capital markets for companies such as Bion, there is no assurance the Company will
be able to raise the funds it needs on reasonable terms. 

Investing Activities 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024
and 2023, the Company invested nil and 164,000 in the purchase of property and equipment, respectively. The decrease was due to the Company s
effort to conserve cash in the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Financing Activities 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company received gross cash proceeds of 202,000 from notes payable. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company has debt obligations
consisting of: a) deferred compensation of 957,000, b) convertible notes payable affiliates of 1,718,000, c) current note payable
including accrued interest of 630,000 and d) notes payable including accrued interest of 127,000. As of September 30, 2023, the Company
had debt obligations of a) deferred compensation of 1,074,000, and b) convertible notes payable affiliates of 1,684,000. 

Plan of Operations and Outlook 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash of
approximately 36,000. 

The Company continues to explore sources of additional
financing to satisfy its current operating requirements as it is not currently generating any significant revenues. During fiscal years
2023 and 2022 (as a whole), the Company faced less difficulty in raising equity funding (but was subject to substantial equity dilution
from the larger amounts of equity financing during the periods) than was experienced in the prior 3 years. However, this positive trend
did not continue during the last quarter of the 2023 fiscal year and the entirety of fiscal year 2024 (and the first and second quarters
of 2025 through the date of this report). The Company raised very limited equity funds during such periods to meet some of its immediate
needs, and therefore, the Company needs to raise substantial additional funds in the upcoming periods. The Company has faced substantial
demand for capital and operating expenditures for the fiscal year 2024 that we anticipate will continue (or increase) during the 2025
fiscal year and periods thereafter as it moves toward commercial implementation of its 3G Tech and development of JVs (including costs
associated with additions of personnel to carry out the business activities of the Company) and, therefore, is likely to continue to face
significant cash flow management issues due to limited capital resources and working capital constraints which had only begun to be alleviated
during 2022 and 2023. As a result, the Company has faced, and continues to face, significant cash flow management challenges due to material
working capital constraints. To partially mitigate these working capital constraints, the Company's core senior management and some key
employees and consultants have been deferring most of their cash compensation and/or are accepting compensation in the form of securities
of the Company and members of the Company's senior management have from time-to-time made loans to the Company in the past and may do
so in future periods. 

28 

The Company continues to explore sources of additional
financing (including potential agreements with strategic partners both financial and ag-industry) to satisfy its current and future
operating and capital expenditure requirements as it is not currently generating any significant revenues. Bion s leadership team s
new approach, developing a single proof-of-concept project vs multiple projects developed simultaneously, will substantially reduce the
company s need to raise capital. Further, leadership believes this approach represents a more achievable goal, which coupled with
the addition of new leadership, including Turk Stovall to lead Bion s beef efforts, will reinspire confidence in our own shareholders,
as well as assure potential new strategic and institutional investors, and make it easier to raise funds. 

Going Concern and Management s Plans: 

The Company s condensed consolidated financial
statements have been prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern. 

The Company is not currently generating any significant
revenues. Further, the Company s anticipated revenues, if any, from existing JVs and proposed projects will not be sufficient to
offset operating and capital costs (for Projects) for a minimum of two to five years. Further, there are no assurances that the Company
will ultimately be successful in its efforts to develop and construct its Projects and market its Systems; but, it is certain that the
Company will require substantial funding from external sources. Given the unsettled state of the current credit and capital markets for
companies such as Bion, there is no assurance the Company will be able to raise the funds it needs on reasonable terms. The aggregate
effect of these factors raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 

During the quarter ended September 30, 2024 the Company
had a loss of 1,171,600, including 659,000 non-cash compensation expenses of related to extension of warrants and options. 

During the year ended June 30, 2024, a one-time, non-recurring,
non-cash charge of 9,460,425 was incurred by the Company in connection with a write-down of the capitalized carrying value of the Initial
Project (at Fair Oaks, Indiana) because the Initial Project was recently reclassified as largely a research development facility
and is located on land subject to a short term lease (as described below in Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis). This
charge reduced the Company shareholders equity to 5,808,501) and resulted in a loss of 11,691,115 for the 2024 fiscal year.

The Company s extreme difficulty in obtaining needed funds during the entire 2024 fiscal year has continued throughout the
first quarter of the current fiscal year to date. See Note 1. Going Concern and Management s Plans, Plan of Operations and Outlook
and Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Note 9. Subsequent Events. 

The constraints on available resources have had, and
continue to have, negative effects on the pace and scope of the Company s efforts to operate and develop its business. The Company
has had to delay payment of trade obligations and has had to economize in many ways that have potentially negative consequences. If the
Company is able to raise needed funds during the remainder of the current fiscal year (and subsequent periods), of which there is no assurance,
management will not need to consider deeper cuts (including additional personnel cuts) and/or curtailment of ongoing activities including
research and development activities. The Company will need to obtain additional capital to fund its operations and technology development,
to satisfy existing creditors, to develop Projects. The Company anticipates that it will seek to raise from 3,000,000 to 10,000,000
or more debt and/or equity through sale of its equity securities (common, preferred and/or hybrid) and/or debt (including convertible)
securities, and/or through use of rights and/or warrants (new and/or existing) and/or license payments and/or through other
means during the next twelve months. Further, Bion, along with its strategic partners, will be required to raise 60 million (or more)
to fund the Stovall JV beef project, in a combination of debt financing and equity investment. However, as discussed above, there is no
assurance, especially in light of the difficulties the Company has experienced in many recent years and the extremely unsettled capital
markets that presently exist for small pre-revenue companies like us, that the Company will be able to obtain the funds that it needs
to stay in business, continue its technology development or to successfully develop its business and Projects. Ultimately, in the event
the Company cannot secure additional financial resources, or complete a strategic transaction in the longer term, the Company may need
to curtail or suspend its operational plans or current initiatives, or potentially liquidate its business interests, and investors may
lose all or part of their investment. 

The accompanying condensed consolidated financial
statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability or classification of assets or the amounts and classification
of liabilities that may result should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. The following paragraphs describe management s
plans with regard to these conditions. 

29 

Management s Plan 

The Company continues to explore sources of financing
to satisfy its current operating requirements and future growth needs. The Company has faced substantial demand for capital and operating
expenditures for the fiscal year 2024 that we anticipate will increase during the 2025 fiscal year and periods thereafter as we move toward
commercial implementation of our 3G Tech and development of JVs (including costs associated with additions of personnel to carry out the
business activities of the Company). As a result, the Company has faced, and continues to face, significant cash flow challenges due to
material working capital constraints. To partially mitigate these working capital constraints, the Company's core senior management and
some key employees and consultants have been deferring most of their cash compensation and/or are accepting compensation in the form of
securities of the Company and members of the Company's senior management have from time-to-time made loans to the Company in the past
and may do so in future periods. 

To help alleviate short-term cash needs for continued
operations, in August, three affiliates of the Company (Greg Schoener, Interim COO Director; Turk Stovall, Director; Bob Weerts,
Director) and two shareholders (one of whom is the brother of Greg Schoener) began advancing money to Bion to cover critical payables.
They subsequently formed a loan group, BION BLG, LLC BLG ), and have continued to provide short-term funding for Bion in
a secured promissory note of up to 500,000. Schoener, Weerts, and the two non-affiliate members were also large Bion shareholders, prior
to the formation of BLG. As a group, Schoener, Stovall, and Weerts own 60 of BLG, which has a security interest in the Company s
Intellectual Property. The BLG note will bear interest at a rate of 7.5 per annum and the maturity date is April 15, 2025. As of the
filing date, BLG has advanced 336,957. The BLG note will convert into Units (shares and/or warrants) in the Company at the terms of a
later capital raise, in which Bion crosses the threshold of 3 (three) million in aggregate capital raised (or other source of funding,
and other terms as defined in the note). If the Company is unable to complete such funding within six (6) months, it will be in default
of the BLG note, which is secured by the Company s Intellectual Property IP Collateral ). BLG will share
the Collateral on a pro rata basis with investors in a secured promissory note with similar terms being offered to previous Bion investors.
The BLG note and security agreements contain other terms set forth therein and are included as exhibits to this filing. 

In November, the Company launched a secured promissory
note offering to previous investors/shareholders (and certain others) with similar terms to the BLG note. Based on feedback from shareholders
and registered representatives with which the Company has long standing relationships, management believes that sufficient capital can
be raised with this group to 1) continue to cover critical payables to maintain operations that will allow the Company to finish the engineering
report and technology demonstration at Fair Oaks, 2) move forward with pre-development work on the Stovall project, 3) continue discussions
with potential strategic partners, and 4) position ourselves for the larger offering/funding that will be required, as described above.
However, there can be no assurance the Company will be successful in its efforts to obtain such financing. 

To date, the Company has primarily raised funds through
private placements with accredited investors, often conducted through FINRA-registered broker/dealers. However, the Company anticipates
moving forward, it will need to raise capital using a combination of financial instruments and sources, that could also include strategic
and/or institutional investors, including family offices and private equity, brokered equity or debt offerings with both public and private
investors, and banks and other ag lending institutions, among others, although there can be no assurance it will be successful. Many of
these financing options may involve dilution, potentially substantial, for current shareholders. Management intends to augment its access
to capital by adding one or more staff members (or consultants) with experience in the capital markets, as well as utilizing its current
contacts and relationships in the capital markets. 

Bion is currently in discussions with several potential
strategic partners in renewable energy (biogas/RNG and solar) and clean fuels, organic fertilizer distribution, and others involved in
reducing the carbon footprint of livestock production, especially beef. With today s U.S, and global emphasis on decarbonizing energy
and the food supply chain, the sectors have become closely intertwined, they are evolving quickly, and integrated solutions have become
increasingly desired, but complex. Bion is now evaluating both European and U.S. renewable energy/clean fuels developers, operators, and
investors to determine the best fit for moving forward with AD/RNG development for its own beef project(s), access to clean fuels value
chains for its low-carbon fertilizers, animal waste treatment for others, both here and in the EU, as well as a development partner in
industrial and municipal opportunities. Further, with the recent OMRI Listing for its commercial fertilizer, the Company has initiated
discussions with several large U.S. fertilizer manufacturers and distributors that have expressed interest in the product. Bion believes
that such relationships could entail a direct investment in Bion, licensing fee, or some other up front financial benefit
to Bion, although there is no assurance that they will. The Company is finishing data acquisition at Fair Oaks needed to complete
an independent engineering report that is critical to demonstrating the technology performance and economics of its ammonia recovery technology
to potential strategic partners. 

CONTRACTUAL OBLIGATIONS 

The Company entered into an agreement on September
23, 2021, to lease approximately four acres of land near Fair Oaks, Indiana, for the development site of its Initial Project. 

The future minimum lease payment under noncancelable
operating lease with terms greater than one year as of September 30, 2024: 

From July 2024 to December 2024 
 18,750 
 
 Undiscounted cash flow 
 18,750 
 
 Less imputed interest 
 (308 
 
 Total 
 18,442 

30 

The weighted average remaining lease term and discounted
rate related to the Company s lease liability as of September 30, 2024 were 0.25 years and 10 , respectively. The Company s
lease discount rate is generally based on the estimates of its incremental borrowing rate as the discount rates implicit in the Company s
lease cannot be readily determined. 

The Company has not made lease payments since October
16, 2023 and owes 68,750 in lease payments at September 30, 2024. 

OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 

The Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
(as that term is defined in Item 303 of Regulation S-K) that are reasonably likely to have a current or future material effect on our
financial condition, revenue or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 

(a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

The term "disclosure controls and procedures"
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act"). This term
refers to the controls and procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company
in the reports that it files under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the required time periods.
Our Chief Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operations of our disclosure
controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this quarterly report, and has concluded that, as of that date, our disclosure
controls and procedures were not effective at ensuring that required information will be disclosed on a timely basis in our reports filed
under the Exchange Act, as a result of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting discussed in Item 9(A) of our
Form 10-K for the year ended June 30, 2024. 

(b) Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

No change in our internal control over financial reporting
(as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

31 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

The Company is not currently involved (and has not been involved in recent
periods) in any litigation matters. However, the Company is currently in discussions/negotiations with its creditors, as described in
Management s Discussion and Analysis, Note C. These negotiations could escalate to litigation if a mutually satisfactory resolution
is not achieved. 

As is described in the Company s Financial Statements included herein
and discussed above in Management s Discussion and Analysis, Note C, the Company s on-going difficulties raising needed funds
for its operations/activities over the past 2 years has rendered the Company unable to meet its current creditor obligations on a timely
basis. The Company has engaged in discussion/negotiation with its larger creditors (including its largest creditor--- the primary contractor
on the Initial Project) but has been unable to reach agreements regarding payments due to the uncertainty as to if, when and how much
funding the Company will be able to raise in future periods. As a result, the primary contractor has filed a mechanics lien in Indiana
(and its largest sub-contractor has sent notices related to its intention to file a mechanics lien) and other creditors are threatening
to commence litigation and/or repossess/remove leased equipment. However, to date they have not escalated to litigation. On September
5, 2024, three members of BION BLG, LLC, met with representatives of two of the largest creditors: the primary contractor and the property
lessor. Bion has not reached an agreement with the primary contractor, but is still in discussions with them, and has resumed payments
to certain creditors, whose services the Company requires to continue operations at Fair Oaks, including lease payments to the property
lessor (and ongoing supplier of digestate used in testing the ARS). 

The Company currently is not involved in any other
material litigation or similar events. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

 Risk Factors now include the potential
conflicts of interest related to the BLG loan group, its control by three of Bion s Directors and key management, and its security
position in the Company s IP. See above, Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis. 

 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of
Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

 During
the quarter ended September 30, 2024, 9,231 shares of restricted common stock were issued for consulting services valued at 6,000. 

 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior
Securities. 

 Not applicable. 

 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

 Not applicable. 

 Item 5. Other Information. 

 During the quarter ended September 30,
2024, no director or officer of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangement , as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

32 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

(a) 
 Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K. 

Exhibit 

Incorporated by Reference 
 
 Filed/Furnished 
 
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 

Exhibit 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Herewith 
 
 10.1 
 
 Bion BLG LLC Promissory Note 
 
 8-K 

10.1 
 
 10/24/2024 

10.2 
 
 Security Agreement 
 
 8-K 

10.2 
 
 10/24/2024 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

Filed 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

Furnished 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

Filed 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

Filed 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed 
 
 104 
 
 Inline XBRL for the cover page of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, included in the Exhibit 101 Inline XBRL Document Set. 

Filed 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

33 

SIGNATURES 

 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

BION ENVIRONMENTAL TECHNOLOGIES, INC. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Stephen
 Craig Scott 

Stephen Craig Scott, Chief Executive Officer 

34 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 bion_ex31x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Certification 

Exhibit 31.1 

SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 

I, Stephen Craig Scott, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on
Form 10-Q of Bion Environmental Technologies, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report
does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light
of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial
statements, and other financial information included in this quarterly report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant's other certifying
officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant
and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures
or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating
to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during
the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial
reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in
the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the small business issuer's most recent fiscal quarter
(the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially
affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant's other certifying
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors
and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material
weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that
involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

/s/ Stephen Craig Scott 

 Stephen Craig Scott 

 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-32.1>
 3
 bion_ex32x1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Certification 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CEO
PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Form
10-Q of Bion Environmental Technologies, Inc., a company duly formed under the laws of Colorado (the Company ), for the
period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the
 Report ),Stephen Craig Scott, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certifies, pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, to the best of his knowledge, that: 

(1) The Report fully complies with
the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in
the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

November
 14, 2024 
 /s/
 Stephen Craig Scott 

Stephen Craig Scott 
 Chief Executive Officer 

This certification accompanies
this Report pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

A signed original of this
written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Bion Environmental Technologies, Inc. and will be retained by Bion Environmental
Technologies, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 4
 bnet-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 bnet-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 bnet-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 bnet-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

