<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_939767_0000939767-24-000150.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7519354</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>153371</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1416962</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2614244</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1717102</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1472728</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000939767-24-000150.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029161154
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000939767-24-000150
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240927
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			EXELIXIS, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000939767
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BIOLOGICAL PRODUCTS (NO DIAGNOSTIC SUBSTANCES) [2836]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				043257395
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0103

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-30235
		FILM NUMBER:		241405839

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1851 HARBOR BAY PARKWAY
		CITY:			ALAMEDA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94502
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6508377000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1851 HARBOR BAY PARKWAY
		CITY:			ALAMEDA
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94502

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EXELIXIS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000207

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EXELIXIS PHARMACEUTICALS INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000106

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000939767-24-000150.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 exel-20240927.htm
 10-Q

exel-20240927 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 21, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 EXELIXIS, INC. 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 INDEX 
 Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 42 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 45 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 45 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 45 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 45 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 45 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 46 
 SIGNATURES 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 EXELIXIS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities 
 Trade receivables, net Inventory Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Non-current marketable securities 
 Property and equipment, net Deferred tax assets, net Goodwill Right-of-use assets and other non-current assets 
 Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued clinical trial liabilities Rebates and fees due to customers Accrued collaboration liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Non-current portion of operating lease liabilities 
 Other non-current liabilities 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 10) par value, shares authorized and shares issued 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding: and at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 EXELIXIS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Net product revenues License revenues Collaboration services revenues Total revenues Operating expenses: Cost of goods sold Research and development Selling, general and administrative Impairment of long-lived assets 
 Restructuring Total operating expenses Income (loss) from operations ) Interest income Other income (expense), net 
 ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income per share: Basic Diluted Weighted-average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 EXELIXIS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 
 Other comprehensive income: 
 Net unrealized gains on available-for-sale debt securities, net of tax impact of ), ), ) and ), respectively 
 Comprehensive income 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 EXELIXIS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Issuance of common stock under the equity incentive plan 
 Stock transactions associated with taxes withheld on equity awards ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Earnings (Accumulated Deficit) 
 Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Issuance of common stock under the equity incentive plan 
 Stock transactions associated with taxes withheld on equity awards ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 Continued on next page 

5 

Table of Contents 

EXELIXIS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Issuance of common stock under the equity incentive plan and stock purchase plan Stock transactions associated with taxes withheld on equity awards ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Equity Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Issuance of common stock under the equity incentive plan and stock purchase plan Stock transactions associated with taxes withheld on equity awards ) ) Repurchases of common stock ) ) ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 EXELIXIS, INC. 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Impairment of long-lived assets 
 Stock-based compensation Non-cash lease expense Acquired in-process research and development technology Other, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade receivables, net ) ) Inventory ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accrued collaboration liabilities ) Accounts payable and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of marketable securities 
 ) ) Proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities 
 Purchases of property, equipment and other, net ) ) Acquired in-process research and development technology ) ) Net cash used in investing activities 
 ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Payments for repurchases of common stock ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock under the equity incentive plan and stock purchase plan 
 Taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental cash flow disclosures: Non-cash operating activities: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 EXELIXIS, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 
 
 NOTE 1. 
 marketed pharmaceutical products, two of which are formulations of our flagship molecule, cabozantinib, and we are steadily advancing and evolving our product pipeline portfolio, including our lead asset zanzalintinib, currently the focus of an extensive phase 3 clinical development program. With a rational and disciplined approach to investment, we are leveraging our internal experience and expertise, and the strength of strategic partnerships, to identify and pursue opportunities across the landscape of scientific modalities, including small molecules, biotherapeutics and antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs). 
 Sales related to cabozantinib account for the majority of our revenues. Cabozantinib is an inhibitor of multiple tyrosine kinases, including MET, AXL, VEGF receptors and RET and has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and in other countries: as CABOMETYX (cabozantinib) tablets for advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) (both alone and in combination with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company s (BMS) nivolumab), for previously treated hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and for previously treated, radioactive iodine (RAI)-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer (DTC); and as COMETRIQ (cabozantinib) capsules for progressive, metastatic medullary thyroid cancer. For physicians treating these types of cancer, cabozantinib has become or is becoming an important medicine in their selection of effective therapies. 
 The other products resulting from our discovery efforts are: COTELLIC (cobimetinib), an inhibitor of MEK approved as part of multiple combination regimens to treat specific forms of advanced melanoma and marketed under a collaboration with Genentech, Inc. (a member of the Roche Group) (Genentech); and MINNEBRO (esaxerenone), an oral, non-steroidal, selective blocker of the mineralocorticoid receptor, approved for the treatment of hypertension in Japan and licensed to Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited (Daiichi Sankyo). 
 Basis of Presentation 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 business segment that focuses on the discovery, development and commercialization of new medicines for difficult-to-treat cancers. Our Chief Executive Officer, as the chief operating decision-maker, manages and allocates resources to our operations on a total consolidated basis. Consistent with this decision-making process, our Chief Executive Officer uses consolidated, single-segment financial information for purposes of evaluating performance, forecasting future period financial results, allocating resources and setting incentive targets. 
 All of our long-lived assets are located in the U.S. See Note 2. Revenues for enterprise-wide disclosures about product sales, revenues from major customers and revenues by geographic region. 
 Use of Estimates 
 Reclassifications 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 There have been no material changes to our significant accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the significant accounting policies disclosed in Note 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of our Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 2. 
 Discounts and allowances ) ) ) ) Net product revenues Collaboration revenues: License revenues Collaboration services revenues Total collaboration revenues Total revenues 
 Affiliates of McKesson Corporation Affiliates of CVS Health Corporation Accredo Health, Incorporated Affiliates of Optum Specialty Pharmacy 
 The percentage of trade receivables by customer who individually accounted for 10 or more of our trade receivables were as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Ipsen Pharma SAS Affiliates of Cencora, Inc. (formerly AmerisourceBergen Corporation) Affiliates of McKesson Corporation Affiliates of CVS Health Corporation Cardinal Health, Inc. 
 Europe Japan Total revenues 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 COMETRIQ Net product revenues 
 Product Sales Discounts and Allowances 
 Provision related to sales made in: Current period Prior periods ) ) ) ) Payments and customer credits issued ) ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Contract liabilities: Current portion (2) 
 Non-current portion (3) 
 Total contract liabilities 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Presented in right-of-use assets and other non-current assets in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Presented in other current liabilities in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (3) Presented in other non-current liabilities in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized million and million, respectively, in revenues that were included in the beginning deferred revenues balance for those periods. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized million and million, respectively, in revenues for performance obligations satisfied in previous periods, as compared to million and million, respectively, for the corresponding prior year periods. Such revenues were primarily related to the recognition of license revenues for the achievement of milestones during the second and third quarters of 2024 and royalty payments allocated to our license performance obligations for our collaborations with Ipsen, Takeda, Daiichi Sankyo and Genentech. 
 As of September 30, 2024, million of t he co mbined transaction prices for our Ipsen a nd Takeda collaborations were allocated to research and development services performance obligations that had not yet been satisfied. See Note 3. Collaboration Agreements and Business Development Activities of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of our Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K for additional information about the expected timing to satisfy these performance obligations. 
 
 NOTE 3. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Collaboration services revenues ) Total collaboration revenues 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized million in license revenues and million in collaboration services revenues, in connection with a million regulatory milestone upon submission of a variation application to the European Medicines Agency for evaluating cabozantinib versus placebo in patients with either advanced pNET or advanced epNET who experienced progression after prior systemic therapy. In addition, we recognized million in license revenues for a commercial milestone from Ipsen upon its achievement of CAD million in cumulative net sales of cabozantinib over four consecutive quarters in Canada. License revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 also included million related to a commercial milestone from Ipsen upon its achievement of million in cumulative net sales of cabozantinib over four consecutive quarters in its related Ipsen license territory. 
 As of September 30, 2024, million of the transaction price for this collaboration agreement, as amended, was allocated to our research and development services performance obligation that has not yet been satisfied. 
 Takeda Collaboration 
 In January 2017, we entered into a collaboration and license agreement with Takeda, which was subsequently amended, for the commercialization and further development of cabozantinib. Under the collaboration agreement, as amended, Takeda received exclusive commercialization rights for current and potential future cabozantinib indications in Japan, and the parties have agreed to collaborate on the clinical development of cabozantinib in Japan. The operation and strategic direction of the parties collaboration is governed through a joint executive committee and appropriate subcommittees. 
 Collaboration services revenues Total collaboration revenues 
 As of September 30, 2024 , million of the transaction price for this collaboration agreement, as amended, was allocated to our research and development services performance obligations that have not yet been satisfied. 
 Royalty Pharma 
 In October 2002, we established a product development and commercialization collaboration agreement with GlaxoSmithKline (now GSK plc, or GSK), that required us to pay a royalty to GSK on the worldwide net sales of any product containing cabozantinib sold by us and our collaboration partners. Effective January 1, 2021, Royalty Pharma plc (Royalty Pharma) acquired from GSK all rights, title and interest in royalties on net product sales containing cabozantinib for 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to million and million, respectively, for the corresponding prior year periods. 
 Research Collaborations, In-Licensing Arrangements and Other Business Development Activities 
 We enter into collaborative arrangements with other pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies to develop and commercialize oncology assets or other intellectual property. Our research collaborations and in-licensing arrangements are intended to enhance our early-stage pipeline and expand our ability to discover, develop and commercialize novel therapies with the goal of providing new treatment options for cancer patients and their physicians. Our research collaborations, in-licensing arrangements and other strategic transactions generally include upfront payments for the purchase or in-licensing of intellectual property, development, regulatory and commercial milestone payments and royalty payments, in each case contingent upon the occurrence of certain future events linked to the success of the asset in development. Certain of our research collaborations provide us exclusive options that give us the right to license programs developed under the research collaborations for further discovery and development. When we decide to exercise the options, we are required to pay an exercise fee and then assume the responsibilities for all subsequent development, manufacturing and commercialization. 
 As part of the 2024 Restructuring Plan (as defined below), we have terminated certain of our in-licensing collaboration arrangements, including Aurigene Oncology, Ltd., BioInvent International AB, Cybrexa Therapeutics LLC, NBE-Therapeutics AG and STORM Therapeutics LTD. The termination of these agreements was effective in April 2024. See Note 11. Restructuring for additional information. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , we recognized million and million, respectively, within research and development expenses on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income, primarily related to development milestone payments and option exercise fees for the costs of intellectual property that have not yet achieved technological feasibility, research and development funding and other fees. 
 As of September 30, 2024, in conjunction with the active collaborative in-licensing arrangements and asset purchase agreements, we are subject to potential future development milestone payments of up to million, regulatory milestone payments of up to million and commercial milestone payments of up to billion, each in the aggregate per product or target, as well as royalties on future net sales of products. 
 
 NOTE 4. 
 ) Corporate bonds ) U.S. Treasury and government-sponsored enterprises ) Municipal bonds Total debt securities available-for-sale ) Money market funds Certificates of deposit Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 
 ) 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate bonds ) U.S. Treasury and government-sponsored enterprises ) Municipal bonds ) Total debt securities available-for-sale ) Money market funds Certificates of deposit Total cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 
 ) 
 Interest receivable was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 Realized gains and losses on the sales of marketable securities were immaterial during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 We manage credit risk associated with our marketable securities portfolio through our investment policy, which limits purchases to high-quality issuers and the amount of our portfolio that can be invested in a single issuer. 
 ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) ) U.S. Treasury and government-sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Total 
 ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2023 In an Unrealized Loss Position Less than 12 Months In an Unrealized Loss Position 12 Months or Greater Total Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses 
 Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Corporate bonds ) ) ) U.S. Treasury and government-sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Municipal bonds 
 ) ) Total 
 ) ) ) 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 and debt securities available-for-sale in an unrealized loss position as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did t record an allowance for credit losses or other impairment charges on our marketable securities. Based upon our quarterly impairment review, we determined that the unrealized losses were not attributed to credit risk but were primarily associated with changes in interest rates and market liquidity. Based on the scheduled maturities of our marketable securities, we determined that it was more likely than not that we will hold these marketable securities for a period of time sufficient for a recovery of our cost basis. 
 Maturing after one year through five years Total debt securities available-for-sale 
 
 NOTE 5. 
 Corporate bonds U.S. Treasury and government-sponsored enterprises Municipal bonds Total debt securities available-for-sale Money market funds Certificates of deposit Total financial assets carried at fair value 
 December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Total Commercial paper Corporate bonds U.S. Treasury and government-sponsored enterprises Municipal bonds Total debt securities available-for-sale Money market funds Certificates of deposit Total financial assets carried at fair value 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million non-cash impairment charge. The estimated fair value was determined using an income approach comprised of projected discounted cash flows that included certain Level 3 inputs, such as sublease income and discount rates. The assumptions associated with sublease income and discount rates are subject to risks and uncertainties and could materially differ from our estimates. The impairment charge is presented in impairment of long-lived assets in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 The carrying amount of our remaining financial assets and liabilities, which include receivables and payables, approximate their fair values due to their short-term nature. 
 Forward Foreign Currency Contracts 
 We have entered into forward foreign currency exchange contracts that are not designated as hedges for accounting purposes to hedge certain operational exposures for the changes in foreign currency exchange rates associated with assets or liabilities denominated in foreign currencies, primarily the Euro. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , we had forward contract outstanding to sell million. The forward contract with a maturity of is recorded at fair value and is included in other current liabilities in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The unrealized loss on the forward contract is immaterial as of September 30, 2024. The forward contract is considered a Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy of our fair value measurements. The net realized and unrealized gains (losses) we recognized on the maturity of forward contracts were immaterial for each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and are included in other income (expense), net in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 NOTE 6. 
 Work in process Finished goods Total Balance Sheet classification: Current portion included in inventory Non-current portion included in other non-current assets 
 Total 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 7. 
 million sh ares were available for grant under the Exelixis, Inc. 2017 Equity Incentive Plan (as amended and restated, the 2017 Plan). The share reserve is reduced by share for each share issued pursuant to a stock option and shares for full value awards, including RSUs and PSUs. 
 On May 30, 2024, at the 2024 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, our stockholders approved the amendment and restatement of the Exelixis, Inc. 2000 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (as amended and restated, the Amended ESPP). The amendment and restatement increased the share reserve under the Amended ESPP by million shares. As of September 30, 2024, million shares were available for grant under the Amended ESPP. 
 Selling, general and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 
 Stock-based compensation expense for each type of award under our equity incentive plan and Amended ESPP were as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Stock options Restricted stock units Performance stock units Employee stock purchase plan 
 Total stock-based compensation expense 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we granted million stock options with a weighted-average exercise price of per share and a weighted-average grant date fair value of per share. Stock options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 have vesting conditions and contractual lives of a similar nature to those described in Note 8. Stockholders Equity of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of our Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K. As of September 30, 2024 , there were million stock options outstanding and million of related unrecognized compensation expense. 
 In February 2024, we awarded to certain employees an aggregate of million RSUs (the target number) that are subject to a total shareholder return (TSR) market condition (the 2024 TSR-based RSUs). The TSR market condition is based on our relative TSR percentile rank compared to companies in the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index during the performance period, which is December 30, 2023 through January 1, 2027. Depending on the results relative to the TSR market condition, the holders of the 2024 TSR-based RSUs may earn up to of the target number of shares. of the shares earned pursuant to the 2024 TSR-based RSU awards will vest shortly after the end of the performance period, and the remainder will vest approximately later, subject to an employee s continuous service. These 2024 TSR-based RSUs will be forfeited if the market condition at or above a threshold level is not achieved at the end of the performance period on January 1, 2027. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 per share for the 2024 TSR-based RSUs: 
 Fair value of Exelixis common stock on grant date 
 Expected volatility 
 Risk-free interest rate 
 Dividend yield 
 
 The Monte Carlo simulation model assumed correlations of returns of the stock prices of Exelixis common stock and the common stock of a peer group of companies and historical stock price volatility of the peer group of companies. The valuation model also used terms based on the length of the performance period and compound annual growth rate goals for TSR based on the provisions of the awards. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we granted million service-based RSUs with a weighted- average grant date fair value of per share. As of September 30, 2024 , there were million RSUs outstanding, including RSUs that are subject to a TSR market condition, and million of related unrecognized compensation expense. Service-based RSUs granted to employees during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 have vesting conditions and contractual lives of a similar nature to those described in Note 8. Stockholders Equity of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of our Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were million PSUs outstanding, of which million PSUs relate to awards for which we either achieved the performance goal or determined that attainment of the performance goal was probable. Expense recognition for PSUs commences when it is determined that attainment of the performance goal is probable. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining unrecognized stock-based compensation expense for the PSUs that were either achieved or deemed probable of achievement was million. The total unrecognized compensation expense for the PSUs for which we have not yet determined that attainment of the performance goal is probable was million. For more information about our PSUs, see Note 8. Stockholders Equity of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of our Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K. 
 Common Stock Repurchases 
 In January 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to acquire up to million of our outstanding common stock before the end of 2024. As of June 30, 2024, we completed the repurchase of million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million pursuant to our stock repurchase program. In August 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to acquire up to million of our outstanding common stock before the end of 2025. Under this program, during the third quarter of 2024, we repurchased million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of million. As of September 30, 2024, approximately million remained available for future stock repurchases before the end of 2025. 
 Stock repurchases under this program may be made from time to time through a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, in block trades, Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, accelerated share repurchase transactions, exchange transactions, or any combination of such methods. The timing and amount of any stock repurchases under the stock repurchase program will be based on a variety of factors, including ongoing assessments of the capital needs of the business, alternative investment opportunities, the market price of our common stock and general market conditions. The program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of our common stock, and the stock repurchase program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 
 
 NOTE 8. 
 and , respectively, as compared to and , respectively, for the corresponding periods in 2023. The effective tax rates for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, differed from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to state taxes, partially offset by the generation of federal tax credits. The effective tax rates for the three months ended September 30, 2023, differed from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 , primarily due to non-deductible executive compensation and the branded prescription drug fee, partially offset by the generation of federal tax credits. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, differed from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to the generation of federal tax credits, partially offset by non-deductible executive compensation and state taxes . 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 9. 
 Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic Dilutive securities Weighted-average common shares outstanding diluted Net income per share basic Net income per share diluted 
 Basic net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the periods. The diluted net income per share is computed using the weighted-average number of common shares outstanding and dilutive potential common shares outstanding during the periods. Dilutive common shares outstanding includes the dilutive effect of in-the-money options, unvested RSUs (including TSR-based RSUs), unvested PSUs when the performance condition is met and ESPP contributions. The dilutive effect of such equity awards is calculated based on the average share price for each fiscal period using the treasury stock method. 
 Certain potential common shares were excluded from our calculation of weighted-average common shares outstanding diluted because either they would have had an anti-dilutive effect on net income per share or they were related to shares from PSUs that were contingently issuable and the contingency had not been satisfied at the end of the reporting period. 

NOTE 10. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 lawsuits comprising this litigation (collectively referred to as MSN I), numbered Civil Action Nos. 19-02017 and 20-00633, were consolidated in April 2021. 
 On October 1, 2021, pursuant to a stipulation between us and MSN, the Delaware District Court entered an order that (i) MSN s submission of its ANDA constitutes infringement of certain claims relating to U.S. Patents No. 7,579,473 and 8,497,284, if those claims are not found to be invalid, and (ii) upon approval, MSN s commercial manufacture, use, sale or offer for sale within the U.S., and importation into the U.S., of MSN s proposed ANDA product prior to the expiration of U.S. Patents No. 7,579,473 and 8,497,284 would also infringe certain claims of each patent, if those claims are not found to be invalid. Then, on October 12, 2021, pursuant to a separate stipulation between us and MSN, the Delaware District Court entered an order dismissing MSN s counterclaims with respect to U.S. Patent No. 9,809,549. In our MSN I complaints, we sought, among other relief, an order that the effective date of any FDA approval of MSN s ANDA be a date no earlier than the expiration of all of U.S. Patents No. 7,579,473, 8,497,284 and 8,877,776, the latest of which expires on October 8, 2030, and equitable relief enjoining MSN from infringing these patents. In an effort to streamline the case, the parties narrowed their assertions. On April 8, 2022, MSN withdrew its validity challenge to U.S. Patent No. 8,877,776. On April 14, 2022, we agreed not to assert U.S. Patent No. 8,497,284 at trial and MSN, correspondingly, agreed to withdraw its validity challenges to U.S. Patent No. 8,497,284, as well as claims 1-4 and 6-7 of U.S. Patent No. 7,579,473. As a result of this narrowing, the trial addressed two issues: (1) infringement of claim 1 of the U.S. Patent No. 8,877,776; and (2) validity of claim 5 of the U.S. Patent No. 7,579,473. A bench trial for MSN I occurred in May 2022, and on January 19, 2023, the Delaware District Court issued a ruling rejecting MSN s invalidity challenge to U.S. Patent No. 7,759,473. The Delaware District Court also ruled that MSN s proposed ANDA product does not infringe U.S. Patent No. 8,877,776. In accordance with these rulings, the Delaware District Court entered judgment that the effective date of any final FDA approval of MSN s ANDA shall not be a date earlier than August 14, 2026, the expiration date of U.S. Patent No. 7,759,473. Final judgment was entered on January 30, 2023. This ruling in MSN I did not impact our separate MSN II lawsuit (as defined below). 
 MSN II ANDA Litigation 
 On January 11, 2022, we received notice from MSN that it had further amended its ANDA to assert additional Paragraph IV certifications. In particular, the January 11, 2022 amended ANDA requested approval to market a generic version of CABOMETYX tablets prior to expiration of previously-unasserted CABOMETYX patents that are now listed in the Orange Book: U.S. Patents No. 11,091,439 (crystalline salt forms), 11,091,440 (pharmaceutical composition) and 11,098,015 (methods of treatment). On February 23, 2022, we filed a complaint in the Delaware District Court for patent infringement against MSN asserting infringement of U.S. Patents No. 11,091,439, 11,091,440 and 11,098,015 arising from MSN s further amendment of its ANDA filing with the FDA. On February 25, 2022, MSN filed its response to the complaint, alleging that the asserted claims of U.S. Patents No. 11,091,439, 11,091,440 and 11,098,015 are invalid and not infringed. On June 7, 2022, we received notice from MSN that it had further amended its ANDA to assert an additional Paragraph IV certification. As currently amended, MSN s ANDA now requests approval to market a generic version of CABOMETYX tablets prior to expiration of a previously-unasserted CABOMETYX patent that is now listed in the Orange Book: U.S. Patent No. 11,298,349 (pharmaceutical composition). On July 18, 2022, we filed a complaint in the Delaware District Court for patent infringement against MSN asserting infringement of U.S. Patent No. 11,298,349 arising from MSN s further amendment of its ANDA filing with the FDA. On August 9, 2022, MSN filed its response to the complaint, alleging that the asserted claims of U.S. Patent No. 11,298,349 are invalid and not infringed and amended its challenges to U.S. Patents No. 11,091,439, 11,091,440 and 11,098,015 to allege that these patents are not enforceable based on equitable grounds. The lawsuits comprising this litigation (collectively referred to as MSN II), numbered Civil Action Nos. 22-00228 and 22-00945, were consolidated in October 2022 and involve Exelixis patents that are different from those asserted in the MSN I litigation described above. 
 On June 21, 2022, pursuant to a stipulation between us and MSN, the Delaware District Court entered an order that (i) MSN s submission of its ANDA constitutes infringement of certain claims relating to U.S. Patents No. 11,091,439, 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 lawsuits, numbered Civil Action Nos. 21-00871 and 22-01168, and to stay all proceedings, which was granted by the Delaware District Court on October 3, 2022. Following a similar order granted by the Delaware District Court on February 9, 2022 to stay all proceedings with respect to Civil Action No. 21-00871, this case remained administratively closed, and Civil Action No. 22-01168 was administratively closed on October 3, 2022. In July 2023, we entered into a settlement and license agreement with Teva (the Teva Settlement Agreement) to end these litigations. Pursuant to the terms of the Teva Settlement Agreement, we will grant Teva a license to market its generic version of CABOMETYX in the U.S. beginning on January 1, 2031, if approved by the FDA and subject to conditions and exceptions common to agreements of this type. On September 15, 2023, the parties filed a joint stipulation of dismissal with the Delaware District Court, and on September 19, 2023, the Delaware District Court granted the parties stipulation and dismissed the case without prejudice. 
 Cipla ANDA Litigation 
 On February 6, 2023, we received a notice letter regarding an ANDA submitted to the FDA by Cipla, Ltd. and Cipla USA, Inc. (individually and collectively referred to as Cipla), including a Paragraph IV certification with respect to our U.S. Patents No. 8,877,776 (salt and polymorphic forms), 9,724,342 (formulations), 10,039,757 (methods of treatment), 11,091,439 (crystalline salt forms), 11,091,440 (pharmaceutical composition), 11,098,015 (methods of treatment) and 11,298,349 (pharmaceutical composition). Cipla s notice letter did not provide a Paragraph IV certification against any additional CABOMETYX patents. On March 16, 2023, we filed a complaint in the Delaware District Court for patent infringement against Cipla asserting infringement of U.S. Patents No. 8,877,776, 11,091,439, 11,091,440, 11,098,015 and 11,298,349 arising from Cipla s ANDA filing with the FDA. Cipla s ANDA requests approval to market a generic version of 
 22 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 11. 
 million and will be recorded to the restructuring expense line item within our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income as they are incurred through the end of the plan. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized million and million, respectively, in expenses associated with the 2024 Restructuring Plan, which are presented in restructuring in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 In connection with the 2024 Restructuring Plan, we exited leases in the Greater Philadelphia area and the right-of-use assets, related leasehold improvements and certain other long-lived assets were remeasured and recorded at fair value, see Note 5. Fair Value Measurements for additional information. 
 We incurred the majority of the charges related to the 2024 Restructuring Plan during the first quarter of 2024 and substantially completed the 2024 Restructuring Plan as of the end of the second quarter of 2024. The expected pre-tax charges are estimates and are subject to a number of assumptions and actual results may vary from the estimates provided. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 ) Contract termination and other exit costs (1) 
 ) ) Asset impairment ) Total restructuring ) ) 
 __________________ 
 (1) Contract termination costs consist of accruals for costs to be incurred without future economic benefit, and other exit costs expensed as incurred. 
 (2) Adjustments to costs consist of changes in estimates whereby increases and decreases in costs were recorded to operating expenses in the period of adjustments. 
 (3) As of September 30, 2024, all restructuring liabilities have been recorded in accrued compensation and benefits in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. These statements are based on Exelixis, Inc. s (Exelixis, we, our or us) current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections about our business and our industry and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our company s or our industry s results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied in, or contemplated by, the forward-looking statements. Our actual results and the timing of events may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include those discussed in Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on February 6, 2024 (Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K), as supplemented by Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as well as those discussed elsewhere in this report. These and many other factors could affect our future financial and operating results. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events after the date of this report. 
 This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in this report and the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto included in the Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K. 
 Overview 
 We are an oncology company innovating next-generation medicines and combination regimens at the forefront of cancer care. We have produced four marketed pharmaceutical products, two of which are formulations of our flagship molecule, cabozantinib, and we are steadily advancing and evolving our product pipeline portfolio, including our lead asset zanzalintinib, currently the focus of an extensive phase 3 clinical development program. With a rational and disciplined approach to investment, we are leveraging our internal experience and expertise, and the strength of strategic partnerships, to identify and pursue opportunities across the landscape of scientific modalities, including small molecules, biotherapeutics and antibody-drug conjugates (ADCs). 
 Sales related to cabozantinib account for the majority of our revenues. Cabozantinib is an inhibitor of multiple tyrosine kinases, including MET, AXL, VEGF receptors and RET and has been approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and in 68 other countries: as CABOMETYX (cabozantinib) tablets for advanced renal cell carcinoma (RCC) (both alone and in combination with Bristol-Myers Squibb Company s (BMS) nivolumab (OPDIVO )), for previously treated hepatocellular carcinoma (HCC) and for previously treated, radioactive iodine (RAI)-refractory differentiated thyroid cancer (DTC); and as COMETRIQ (cabozantinib) capsules for progressive, metastatic medullary thyroid cancer. For physicians treating these types of cancer, cabozantinib has become or is becoming an important medicine in their selection of effective therapies. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 The other two products resulting from our discovery efforts are: COTELLIC (cobimetinib), an inhibitor of MEK, approved as part of multiple combination regimens to treat specific forms of advanced melanoma and marketed under a collaboration with Genentech, Inc. (a member of the Roche Group) (Genentech); and MINNEBRO (esaxerenone), an oral, non-steroidal, selective blocker of the mineralocorticoid receptor, approved for the treatment of hypertension in Japan and licensed to Daiichi Sankyo Company, Limited. 
 We plan to continue leveraging our operating cash flows to advance a broad array of diverse biotherapeutics and small molecule programs for the treatment of cancer, as well as to support ongoing company-sponsored and externally sponsored trials evaluating cabozantinib. Furthest along in our pipeline is zanzalintinib, a novel, potent, third-generation oral tyrosine kinase inhibitor (TKI) that targets VEGF receptors, MET and the TAM kinases (TYRO3, AXL and MER). Our zanzalintinib program includes a series of ongoing and planned pivotal trials to explore its therapeutic potential in colorectal cancer (CRC), RCC, squamous cell cancers of the head and neck (SCCHN) and neuroendocrine tumors (NET), as well as earlier-stage trials. Our other pipeline programs in phase 1 development each have best-in-class potential and include: XL309, a small molecule inhibitor of USP1, which has emerged as a synthetic lethal target in the context of BRCA-mutated tumors; XB010, an ADC consisting of a monomethyl auristatin E (MMAE) payload conjugated to a human monoclonal antibody (mAb) targeting the tumor antigen 5T4; and XL495, a small molecule inhibitor of PKMYT1. We complement our internal drug discovery and development efforts by in-licensing investigational oncology assets or obtaining options to acquire other investigational oncology assets from third parties if those oncology assets demonstrate evidence of clinical success. Examples of this approach include XL309 and ADU-1805, a clinical-stage and potentially best-in-class human mAb that targets SIRP . 
 Cabozantinib Franchise 
 The FDA first approved CABOMETYX in the U.S. as a monotherapy for previously treated patients with advanced RCC in April 2016, and then for previously untreated patients with advanced RCC in December 2017. In January 2021, the CABOMETYX label was expanded to include first-line advanced RCC in combination with nivolumab, which was the first CABOMETYX regimen approved for treatment in combination with an immune checkpoint inhibitor (ICI). In addition to RCC, in January 2019, the FDA approved CABOMETYX for the treatment of patients with HCC previously treated with sorafenib, and then in September 2021, the FDA approved CABOMETYX for the treatment of adult and pediatric patients 12 years of age and older with locally advanced or metastatic DTC that has progressed following prior VEGF receptor-targeted therapy and who are RAI-refractory or ineligible. 
 The Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA) introduced numerous substantial changes to drug pricing, reimbursement and access support in the U.S., including enabling the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services (CMS) to assert control over the prices of certain single-source drugs and biotherapeutics reimbursed under Medicare Part B and Part D (the Medicare Drug Price Negotiation Program). The IRA contains a limited exception for small biotech drug manufacturers, which applies on a drug-specific basis, and qualifying drugs will be exempt from possible pricing negotiation through 2028 and eligible for a lower limit (i.e., a price floor) on the potential maximum fair price in 2029 and 2030, if the manufacturers of those drugs continue to qualify each year (small biotech exception). As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, CMS has informed us that we have qualified for the small biotech exception with respect to our cabozantinib franchise products through 2026 and we intend to apply to CMS to maintain the small biotech exception each year through 2030. Separately, in November 2023, CMS released final guidance on another program, the Medicare Part D Manufacturer Discount Program (Part D Discount Program), which will require manufacturers to take on more of the beneficiary cost previously subsidized by the federal government through the application of increased drug discounts. We have since received notice from CMS that we qualify for the "specified small manufacturer designation and are thereby eligible for a phase-in of the increased manufacturer discounts under the Part D Discount Program, from 2025 to 2031. We expect the increase in manufacturer discount will be 1 in 2025 and will further increase according to a schedule set by CMS until we are required to pay the full 20 discount paid by other manufacturers in 2031. 
 To develop and commercialize cabozantinib outside the U.S., we have entered into license agreements with Ipsen Pharma SAS (Ipsen) and Takeda Pharmaceutical Company Limited (Takeda). To Ipsen, we granted the rights to develop and commercialize cabozantinib outside of the U.S. and Japan, and to Takeda we granted such rights in Japan. Both Ipsen and Takeda also contribute financially and operationally to the further global development and commercialization of the cabozantinib franchise in other potential indications, and we work closely with them on these activities. Utilizing its regulatory expertise and established international oncology marketing network, Ipsen has continued to execute on its commercialization plans for CABOMETYX, having received regulatory approvals and launched in multiple territories outside of the U.S., including in the European Union (EU), the United Kingdom and Canada, as a treatment for advanced RCC (both as a monotherapy and in combination with nivolumab) and for previously treated HCC and DTC indications. With respect to 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 the Japanese market, Takeda received Manufacturing and Marketing Approvals from the Japanese Ministry of Health, Labour and Welfare (MHLW) for monotherapy CABOMETYX as a treatment of patients with curatively unresectable or metastatic RCC and as a treatment of patients with unresectable HCC that has progressed after cancer chemotherapy, as well as for CABOMETYX in combination with nivolumab as a treatment for unresectable or metastatic RCC. 
 We are also pursuing other indications for cabozantinib that have the potential to increase the number of cancer patients who could potentially benefit from this medicine. In August 2023, we announced positive results from CABINET, a phase 3 pivotal study that evaluated cabozantinib versus placebo in patients with NET who experienced progression after prior systemic therapy in two independently powered cohorts: one for patients with advanced pancreatic NET (pNET) and another for patients with advanced extra-pancreatic NET (epNET). The trial was unblinded and stopped early due to the dramatic improvement in efficacy with respect to the primary endpoint of progression-free survival (PFS) observed at interim analysis. Data from CABINET demonstrated that cabozantinib substantially prolonged PFS as assessed by blinded independent central review in both pNET and epNET cohorts, and that the safety profile of cabozantinib observed in the trial was consistent with its known safety profile. In August 2024, we announced that the FDA had accepted our supplemental New Drug Application (sNDA) seeking approval for cabozantinib to treat adult patients with previously treated, locally advanced/unresectable or metastatic, well- or moderately differentiated pNET or epNET, granted standard review in the U.S., and assigned a Prescription Drug User Fee Act (PDUFA) target action date of April 3, 2025. The FDA also granted orphan drug designation to cabozantinib for the treatment of pNET. Detailed final results from CABINET were presented during the NETs and Endocrine Tumours Proffered Paper Session at the European Society for Medical Oncology Congress in September 2024 (ESMO 2024) and were concurrently published in The New England Journal of Medicine (NEJM). CABINET was conducted by the Alliance for Clinical Trials in Oncology through our Cooperative Research and Development Agreement with the National Cancer Institute s Cancer Therapy Evaluation Program, which along with our investigator-sponsored trial program, provides an avenue for independent investigations of cabozantinib. 
 Building on preclinical and clinical observations that cabozantinib in combination with ICIs may promote a more immune-permissive tumor environment, we have initiated several pivotal studies to further explore these combination regimens, including collaborations with F. Hoffmann-La Roche Ltd. (Roche) and BMS. In August 2023, we announced positive top-line results from CONTACT-02, a phase 3 pivotal trial sponsored by us and co-funded by Roche, evaluating the combination of cabozantinib and Roche s ICI, atezolizumab, versus a second novel hormonal therapy (NHT) in patients with measurable, extra-pelvic metastatic castration-resistant prostate cancer (mCRPC) who have progressed after treatment with one prior NHT. The trial met one of two primary endpoints, demonstrating a statistically significant improvement in PFS in the predefined PFS intent-to-treat population (i.e., the first 400 randomized patients), and these data were presented at the American Society of Clinical Oncology Genitourinary Cancers Symposium in January 2024. For the second primary endpoint of overall survival (OS), the final analysis for CONTACT-02, which was presented during the GU Tumours Proffered Paper Session at ESMO 2024, showed a trend that favored the combination of cabozantinib and atezolizumab but was not statistically significant. Of note, the trend in OS benefit was consistently observed in key subgroups, including in patients with liver metastases a subgroup of mCRPC patients with the poorest prognosis in need of new treatment options, and one we anticipate will grow in the coming years. The safety profile observed in the trial was reflective of the known safety profiles for each single agent, and was consistent with the known tolerability profile of approved ICI-TKI combinations in advanced solid tumors. We intend to submit an sNDA to the FDA during the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 In August 2024, we announced the final analysis for the secondary endpoint of OS for COSMIC-313, a phase 3 pivotal trial evaluating the combination of cabozantinib, nivolumab and ipilimumab versus the combination of nivolumab and ipilimumab in patients with previously untreated advanced intermediate- or poor-risk RCC. At the final analysis, the experimental arm did not demonstrate an OS benefit over the control arm. Based on these results and the evolution of the first-line RCC treatment landscape since this study was initiated in May 2019, Exelixis will not pursue a regulatory path for COSMIC-313. Detailed final results will be presented at a future medical meeting. 
 Pipeline Activities 
 Zanzalintinib 
 Zanzalintinib is a novel, potent, third-generation oral TKI that targets VEGF receptors, MET and the TAM kinases (TYRO3, AXL and MER) implicated in cancer s growth and spread, and is our first in-house compound to enter the clinic following our re-initiation of drug discovery activities in 2017. We are evaluating zanzalintinib in a growing development program that builds on our prior experience with cabozantinib and targets indications with high unmet need. We have established collaborations and will continue to explore additional opportunities for novel combinations with zanzalintinib. To date, we have initiated two large phase 1b/2 clinical trials studying zanzalintinib as a monotherapy and in combination 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 with ICIs (STELLAR-001 and STELLAR-002). Patient enrollment into STELLAR-001 was completed in 2023, and enrollment into STELLAR-002 is ongoing. In addition, in December 2023, we initiated a targeted phase 1b/2 trial (STELLAR-009) studying zanzalintinib in combination with AB521, an inhibitor of hypoxia-inducible factor-2 alpha (HIF-2 developed by Arcus Biosciences, Inc. (Arcus); however, enrollment into STELLAR-009 was halted as of September 2024 following the joint decision between us and Arcus to wind down the study and end our clinical collaboration given the two companies differing strategies with respect to potential TKI-HIF combination regimens to treat RCC. 
 We have also initiated three pivotal trials evaluating zanzalintinib in combination with ICIs. Our first such trial, STELLAR-303, was initiated in June 2022 and is evaluating zanzalintinib in combination with atezolizumab versus regorafenib in patients with metastatic, refractory non-microsatellite instability-high or non-mismatch repair-deficient CRC; we announced completion of enrollment into STELLAR-303 in August 2024, and preliminary results are expected in 2025. The second pivotal trial, STELLAR-304, was initiated in December 2022 and is evaluating zanzalintinib in combination with nivolumab versus sunitinib in previously untreated patients with advanced non-clear cell RCC; we anticipate completing enrollment into STELLAR-304 by mid-2025. In December 2023, we initiated STELLAR-305, a phase 2/3 pivotal trial evaluating zanzalintinib in combination with pembrolizumab, an anti-PD-1 ICI developed by Merck Co., Inc. (collectively with its affiliates and subsidiaries, Merck), versus monotherapy pembrolizumab in patients with previously untreated PD-L1-positive recurrent or metastatic SCCHN; enrollment into STELLAR-305 is ongoing. We intend to initiate additional pivotal trials evaluating zanzalintinib across a broad array of future potential indications, including in STELLAR-311, a planned phase 3 pivotal trial evaluating zanzalintinib versus everolimus as a first oral therapy in patients with advanced NET, regardless of site of origin, which we anticipate initiating in the first half of 2025. 
 To further expand our exploration of the clinical potential of zanzalintinib, we entered into a clinical development collaboration with Merck to evaluate zanzalintinib in combination with KEYTRUDA (pembrolizumab) in SCCHN and in combination with WELIREG (belzutifan), Merck's oral HIF-2 inhibitor, in RCC. Under the collaboration, Merck US will supply KEYTRUDA for our ongoing phase 3 STELLAR-305 trial in SCCHN. In addition, Merck will sponsor a phase 1/2 trial and two phase 3 pivotal trials in RCC; Merck will fund one of these phase 3 studies, and we will co-fund the phase 1/2 study and the other phase 3 study, as well as supply zanzalintinib and cabozantinib. We maintain all global commercial and marketing rights to zanzalintinib. 
 Biotherapeutics 
 Much of our drug discovery activity focuses on discovering and advancing various biotherapeutics that have the potential to become anti-cancer therapies, such as bispecific antibodies, ADCs and other innovative treatments. ADCs in particular present a unique opportunity for new cancer treatments, given their capabilities to target the delivery of anti-cancer drug payloads to specific cells expressing the target; this increased precision should minimize collateral impact on healthy tissues that do not express the target. This approach has been validated by multiple regulatory approvals of ADCs in the past several years. To facilitate the growth of our various biotherapeutics programs, we have established multiple research collaborations and in-licensing arrangements and have entered into other strategic transactions aimed at conserving capital and managing risks, collectively providing us access to antibodies, binders, payloads and conjugation technologies to generate next-generation ADCs or multispecific antibodies. 
 As part of our strategy to access clinical- or near-clinical-stage assets, we executed an exclusive option and license agreement and clinical development collaboration with Sairopa B.V. Sairopa) to develop ADU-1805. ADU-1805 is currently being evaluated in a phase 1 clinical trial in patients with advanced or metastatic refractory solid tumors, and enrollment is ongoing. Future plans for ADU-1805 include investigating the compound s potential in combination with approved ICIs, including pembrolizumab. In addition to the option deal with Sairopa, some of our active research collaborations for biotherapeutics programs are with: 
 Adagene Inc. Adagene), which is focused on using Adagene s SAFEbody TM technology to develop novel masked ADCs or other innovative biotherapeutics with potential for improved therapeutic index; 
 Catalent, Inc. (Catalent), which is focused on the discovery and development of multiple ADCs using Catalent s proprietary SMARTag site-specific bioconjugation technology; and 
 Invenra, Inc. (Invenra), which is focused on the discovery and development of novel binders and multispecific antibodies for the treatment of cancer. 
 We have made significant progress under our research collaborations and in-licensing arrangements and believe we will continue to do so during the remainder of 2024 and in future years. For example, in August 2024, we announced the initiation of a phase 1 clinical trial evaluating XB010, both as a monotherapy and in combination with pembrolizumab, in 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 patients with advanced solid tumors, following the FDA s acceptance of our Investigational New Drug (IND) application, and enrollment is ongoing. XB010 is our first ADC advanced internally and consists of an MMAE payload conjugated to a mAb targeting the tumor antigen 5T4. XB010 was constructed using Catalent s SMARTag site-specific bioconjugation platform, and its 5T4-targeting mAb was discovered in collaboration with Invenra. Over the next two years, we also intend to advance four additional biotherapeutic candidates toward potential IND filings, and each of these candidates was discovered, in part, in connection with our research collaborations and in-licensing arrangements, including: XB628, a bispecific antibody that targets both PD-L1 and NKG2A; XB371, a next-generation tissue-factor (TF)-targeting ADC that consists of a topoisomerase inhibitor payload conjugated to a mAb targeting TF; XB064, a high-affinity mAb that targets ILT2; and XB033, an ADC targeting the tumor antigen IL13R 2. 
 In August 2024, we announced that we will discontinue the development of XB002, our TF-targeting ADC, as part of our portfolio prioritization efforts. Based on available data, the compound is unlikely to improve upon tisotumab vedotin or other competitor TF-targeting ADCs currently in development. We plan to disclose data from the phase 1 JEWEL-101 study, evaluating XB002 in advance solid tumors, at a later date. We plan to reallocate resources to new pivotal trials with zanzalintinib, advancing XL309 and our growing pipeline. 
 Other Small Molecules 
 The knowledge and experience gained through our efforts to discover cabozantinib, cobimetinib and esaxerenone, each of which were approved by regulatory authorities and are commercially distributed, informs our current strategy for discovering and developing additional small molecules with the potential to treat cancer: 
 XL309 is a potentially best-in-class small molecule inhibitor of USP1, a synthetic lethal target in the context of BRCA-mutated tumors. It is currently being evaluated in a phase 1 clinical trial as monotherapy and in combination with PARP1/2 inhibition in patients with advanced solid tumors; enrollment is ongoing. XL309 has potential in patients whose tumors are no longer responsive to PARP inhibitors (PARPi), including ovarian, breast and prostate cancers. XL309 also has potential in combination with PARPi agents to deepen and prolong the response seen to PARPi, as well as to broaden the activity beyond that observed in patients with tumors that harbor a BRCA1/2 mutation. 
 XL495 is an inhibitor of PKMYT1 with best-in-class potential to treat solid tumors due to its improved selectivity and pharmacokinetic profiles. In October 2024, we announced the initiation of a phase 1 clinical trial evaluating XL495, both as a monotherapy and in combination with select cytotoxic agents, in patients with advanced solid tumors, following the FDA s acceptance of our IND application. 
 Beyond these assets, we continue to make progress on multiple lead optimization programs for inhibitors of a variety of targets that we believe play significant roles in tumor growth, and we anticipate that some of these other programs could reach development candidate status before the end of 2024 or in 2025 and beyond. 
 Future Expansion of our Pipeline 
 Increasing the number of novel anti-cancer agents in our pipeline is essential to our overall strategy and business goals. We are working to expand our oncology product pipeline through drug discovery efforts, which encompass our diverse biotherapeutics and small molecule programs exploring multiple modalities and mechanisms of action. This approach provides a high degree of flexibility with respect to target selection and modality of treatment and allows us to prioritize those targets that we believe have the greatest chance of becoming impactful therapeutics. As part of our strategy, our drug discovery activities have and will continue to include internal research, as well as external research collaborations, in-licensing arrangements and other strategic transactions that collectively leverage a wide range of technology platforms and assets and increase our probability of success. As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we expect to progress up to two new development candidates into preclinical development later in 2024. We will continue to engage in pipeline expansion initiatives with the goal of discovering, acquiring and/or in-licensing promising investigational oncology assets and then further characterize and develop them utilizing our established preclinical and clinical development infrastructure. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Third Quarter 2024 Business Updates and Financial Highlights 
 During the third quarter of 2024 , we continued to execute on our business objectives, generating significant revenues from operations and enabling us to continue to seek to maximize the clinical and commercial potential of our products and expand our product pipeline. Significant business updates and financial highlights for the quarter and subsequent to quarter-end include: 
 Business Updates 
 In July 2024, Ipsen announced the expansion of our collaboration for the commercialization of cabozantinib to include pNET and epNET indications. Accordingly, Ipsen has sought marketing authorizations for CABOMETYX in these indications in certain territories outside of the U.S. and Japan, and in addition, Ipsen has opted into and is now co-funding the developme nt costs for CABINET. 
 In August 2024, we announced that the FDA had accepted our sNDA for CABOMETYX as a treatment for adult patients with previously treated, locally advanced/unresectable or metastatic, well- or moderately differentiated pNET and epNET, granted standard review and assigned a PDUFA target action date of April 3, 2025. 
 In August 2024, we announced the initiation of a phase 1 clinical trial evaluating XB010, our first ADC advanced internally, following the FDA s earlier acceptance of our IND filing. 
 In August 2024, we announced the achievement of a 150.0 million commercial milestone, recognized as license revenues from Ipsen during the second quarter of 2024, following Ipsen s achievement of 600.0 million in cumulative net sales of cabozantinib in its related license territory over four consecutive quarters. We received the milestone payment during the third quarter of 2024. 
 In August 2024, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 500 million of our common stock before the end of 2025. As of September 30, 2024, we have repurchased 12.4 million of our common stock under this program. 
 In September 2024, final data from CABINET were presented during the NETs and Endocrine Tumours Proffered Paper Session at ESMO 2024 and concurrently published in NEJM. In addition, we presented detailed final OS results from CONTACT-02 during the GU Tumours Proffered Paper Session at ESMO 2024. 
 In September 2024, we received a notice letter regarding an Abbreviated New Drug Application (ANDA) submitted to the FDA by Sun Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd. (Sun), including a Paragraph IV certification with respect to our U.S. Patent Nos. 8,877,776 (salt and polymorphic forms), 9,724,342 (formulations), 10,034,873 (methods of treatment), 10,039,757 (methods of treatment), 11,091,439 (crystalline salt forms), 11,091,440 (pharmaceutical composition), 11,098,015 (methods of treatment) and 11,298,349 (pharmaceutical composition), the latest of which expires on February 10, 2032. Sun s ANDA requests approval to market a generic version of CABOMETYX tablets prior to the expiration of the aforementioned patents. We have not yet responded to this Paragraph IV certification notice but are evaluating it consistent with our intention to vigorously defend our intellectual property rights. 
 In October 2024, we announced a clinical development collaboration with Merck US to support the evaluation of the combination of zanzalintinib and KEYTRUDA in SCCHN through our ongoing STELLAR-305 phase 3 pivotal trial, as well as future evaluations of the combination of zanzalintinib and WELIREG in RCC, including a phase 1/2 trial and two phase 3 pivotal trials to be sponsored by Merck US. 
 In October 2024, the United States District Court for the District of Delaware (the Delaware District Court) issued a ruling in our two consolidated patent lawsuits against MSN Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (individually and collectively with certain of its affiliates, including MSN Laboratories Private Limited, referred to as MSN, and such lawsuits collectively referred to as MSN II), rejecting MSN s invalidity challenge to each of U.S. Patents No. 11,091,439, 11,091,440 and 11,098,015, which expire January 15, 2030. The Delaware District Court had previously entered a stipulation that MSN s proposed ANDA product infringes these patents. The Delaware District Court also ruled that our U.S. Patent No. 11,298,349 is not invalid and that MSN s proposed ANDA product does not infringe this patent, which expires February 10, 2032. In accordance with these rulings, the Delaware District Court entered final judgment on October 23, 2024, that, should the FDA ultimately approve MSN s ANDA, the effective date of any such approval shall not be a date earlier than January 15, 2030, the expiration date of each of U.S. Patents No. 11,091,439, 11,091,440 and 11,098,015, subject to our potential additional regulatory exclusivity. The Delaware District Court judgment is also subject to appeal by either party. For a more detailed discussion of the MSN II litigation matter, see Legal Proceedings in Part II, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 In October 2024, we announced the initiation of a phase 1 clinical trial evaluating XL495, our small molecule inhibitor of PKMYT1, following the FDA s earlier acceptance of our IND filing. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Highlights 
 Net product revenues for the third quarter of 2024 were 478.1 million, as compared to 426.5 million for the third quarter of 2023. 
 Total revenues for the third quarter of 2024 were 539.5 million, as compared to 471.9 million for the third quarter of 2023. 
 Research and development expenses for the third quarter of 2024 were 222.6 million, as compared to 332.6 million for the third quarter of 2023. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses for the third quarter of 2024 were 111.8 million, as compared to 138.1 million for the third quarter of 2023. 
 Provision for income taxes for the third quarter of 2024 was 36.8 million, as compared to 4.8 million for the third quarter of 2023. 
 Net income for the third quarter of 2024 was 118.0 million, or 0.41 per share, basic and 0.40 per share, diluted, as compared to net income of 1.0 million, or 0.00 per share, basic and diluted, for the third quarter of 2023. 
 See Results of Operations below for a discussion of the detailed components and analysis of the amounts above. 
 Outlook, Challenges and Risks 
 We will continue to face numerous challenges and risks that may impact our ability to execute on our business objectives. In particular, for the foreseeable future, we expect our ability to generate sufficient cash flow to fund our business operations and growth will depend upon the continued commercial success of CABOMETYX, both alone and in combination with other therapies, as a treatment for the highly competitive indications for which it is approved, and possibly for other indications for which cabozantinib is currently being evaluated in potentially label-enabling clinical trials, if warranted by the data generated from these trials. However, we cannot be certain that the clinical trials we and our collaboration partners are conducting will demonstrate adequate safety and efficacy in these additional indications to receive regulatory approval in the major commercial markets where CABOMETYX is approved. 
 Even if the required regulatory approvals to market CABOMETYX for additional indications are achieved, we and our collaboration partners may not be able to commercialize CABOMETYX effectively and successfully in these additional indications. In addition, CABOMETYX will only continue to be commercially successful if private third-party and government payers continue to provide coverage and reimbursement. As is the case for all innovative pharmaceutical therapies, obtaining and maintaining coverage and reimbursement for CABOMETYX is becoming increasingly difficult, both within the U.S. and in foreign markets. In addition, healthcare policymakers in the U.S. continue to express concern over healthcare costs, and corresponding legislative and policy initiatives and activities have been launched aimed at increasing the healthcare cost burdens borne by pharmaceutical manufacturers, as well as expanding access to, and restricting the prices and growth in prices of, pharmaceuticals. 
 Achievement of our business objectives will also depend on our ability to maintain a competitive position in the shifting landscape of therapeutic strategies for the treatment of cancer, which we may not be able to do. On an ongoing basis, we assess the constantly evolving landscape of other approved and investigational cancer therapies that could be competitive, or complementary in combination, with our products, and then we adapt our development strategies for the cabozantinib franchise and our pipeline product candidates accordingly, such as by modifying our clinical trials to include evaluation of our therapies with ICIs and other targeted agents. Even if our current and future clinical trials produce positive results sufficient to obtain marketing approval by the FDA and other global regulatory authorities, it is uncertain whether physicians will choose to prescribe regimens containing our products instead of competing products and product combinations in approved indications. 
 In the longer term, we may eventually face competition from potential manufacturers of generic versions of our marketed products, including the proposed generic versions of CABOMETYX tablets that are the subject of ANDAs submitted to the FDA by MSN, Teva (as defined below), Cipla (as defined below) and Sun. The approval of any of these ANDAs and subsequent launch of any generic version of CABOMETYX could significantly decrease our revenues derived from the U.S. sales of CABOMETYX and thereby materially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Separately, our research and development objectives may be impeded by the challenges of scaling our organization to meet the demands of expanded drug development, unanticipated delays in clinical testing and the inherent risks and uncertainties associated with drug discovery operations, especially on the global level. In connection with efforts 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 to expand our product pipeline, we may be unsuccessful in discovering new potential cancer treatments or identifying appropriate candidates for in-licensing or acquisition. 
 Some of these challenges and risks are specific to our business, others are common to companies in the biopharmaceutical industry with development and commercial operations, and an additional category are macroeconomic, affecting all companies. For a more detailed discussion of challenges and risks we face, see Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of our 2023 Form 10-K, as supplemented and, to the extent inconsistent, superseded below (if applicable) in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Fiscal Year Convention 
 We have adopted a 52- or 53-week fiscal year policy that generally ends on the Friday closest to December 31. Fiscal year 2024, which is a 53-week fiscal year, will end on January 3, 2025 and fiscal year 2023, which was a 52-week fiscal year, ended on December 29, 2023. For convenience, references in this report as of and for the fiscal periods ended September 27, 2024 and September 29, 2023, and as of and for the fiscal years ending January 3, 2025 and ended December 29, 2023 are indicated as being as of and for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and the years ending December 31, 2024 and ended December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 Revenues by category were as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net product revenues 478,059 426,497 12 1,294,163 1,199,543 8 License revenues 60,239 42,367 42 299,901 133,406 125 Collaboration services revenues 1,244 3,056 -59 7,882 17,607 -55 Total revenues 539,542 471,920 14 1,601,946 1,350,556 19 
 Net Product Revenues 
 Gross product revenues, discounts and allowances and net product revenues were as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Gross product revenues 646,419 590,442 9 1,814,495 1,674,937 8 Discounts and allowances (168,360) (163,945) 3 (520,332) (475,394) 9 Net product revenues 478,059 426,497 12 1,294,163 1,199,543 8 
 Net product revenues by product were as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 CABOMETYX 475,665 422,155 13 1,285,423 1,187,220 8 COMETRIQ 2,394 4,342 -45 8,740 12,323 -29 Net product revenues 478,059 426,497 12 1,294,163 1,199,543 8 
 The increases in net product revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods, were primarily related to increases of 7 and 6 , respectively, for each period in the 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 number of CABOMETYX units sold as a result of the FDA s approval of CABOMETYX in combination with nivolumab as a first-line treatment of patients with advanced RCC and, to a lesser extent, increases of 5 and 2 , respectively, in the average net selling price of CABOMETYX. The increase in sales volume is largely driven by refills, reflecting the longer duration of therapy for this combination, and an increase in related market share reflecting the continued evolution of the metastatic RCC, HCC and DTC treatment landscapes. 
 We project our net product revenues may increase for the remainder of 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, for similar reasons noted above. 
 We recognize product revenues net of discounts and allowances that are described in Note 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of our Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K. 
 Discounts and allowances have generally increased over time as the number of patients participating in government programs has increased and as the discounts given and rebates paid to government payers have also increased. The increases in the amount of discounts and allowances for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , as compared to the corresponding prior year periods, were primarily the result of increases in volume of units sold, and the increase in utilization and dollar amount of chargebacks under the 340B Drug Pricing Program and the Federal Supply Schedule program. 
 We project our discounts and allowances may increase for the remainder of 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, for similar reasons noted above. 
 License Revenues 
 License revenues include: (a) the recognition of the portion of milestone payments allocated to the transfer of intellectual property licenses for which it had become probable, in the related period, that a milestone would be achieved and a significant reversal of revenues would not occur in future periods; (b) royalty revenues; and (c) the profit on the U.S. commercialization of COTELLIC from Genentech. 
 Milestone revenues, which are allocated between license revenues and collaboration services revenues, were 14.6 million and 167.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to 0.9 million and 13.1 million, respectively, for the corresponding prior year periods. Milestone revenues by period included the following: 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, 11.3 million in revenues was recognized in connection with a 12.5 million regulatory milestone from Ipsen upon submission of a variation application to the European Medicines Agency for evaluating cabozantinib versus placebo in patients with either advanced pNET or advanced epNET who experienced progression after prior systemic therapy. The three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 also includes 2.2 million in license revenues recognized in connection with a commercial milestone from Ipsen upon its achievement of CAD 30.0 million in cumulative net sales of cabozantinib over four consecutive quarters in Canada. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 150.0 million in license revenues was recognized in connection with a commercial milestone from Ipsen upon its achievement of 600.0 million in cumulative net sales of cabozantinib over four consecutive quarters in its related Ipsen license territory. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, 9.9 million in revenues was recognized in connection with a commercial milestone of 11.0 million from Takeda upon its achievement of 150.0 million of cumulative net sales of cabozantinib in Japan. 
 Royalty revenues increased primarily as a result of an increase in Ipsen s net sales of cabozantinib outside of the U.S. and Japan. Ipsen royalties were 38.3 million and 113.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to 34.8 million and 98.6 million, respectively, for the corresponding prior year periods. Ipsen s net sales of cabozantinib have continued to grow since the first commercial sale of CABOMETYX in the Ipsen territories in 2016, primarily due to regulatory approvals in new territories, including regulatory approval in the EU for the combination therapy of CABOMETYX and nivolumab received in March 2021. Royalty revenues for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 also included 3.5 million and 9.5 million, respectively, related to Takeda s net sales of cabozantinib, as compared to 3.0 million and 9.2 million, respectively, for the corresponding prior year periods. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Takeda s net sales of cabozantinib have continued to grow since Takeda s first commercial sale of CABOMETYX in Japan in 2020; however, royalty revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were unfavorably impacted by foreign currency rate fluctuations, as compared to the corresponding prior year period. CABOMETYX is approved and is commercially available in 68 countries outside the U.S. 
 Our share of profits on the U.S. commercialization of COTELLIC under our collaboration agreement with Genentech were 2.7 million and 7.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to 2.1 million and 10.5 million, respectively, for the corresponding prior year periods. We also earned royalties on ex-U.S. net sales of COTELLIC by Genentech of 0.7 million and 2.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to 1.0 million and 3.0 million, respectively, for the corresponding prior year periods. 
 Due to uncertainties surrounding the timing and achievement of regulatory and development milestones, it is difficult to predict future milestone revenues and milestones can vary significantly from period to period. 
 Collaboration Services Revenues 
 Collaboration services revenues include the recognition of deferred revenues for the portion of upfront and milestone payments that have been allocated to research and development services performance obligations, development cost reimbursements earned under our collaboration agreements and product supply revenues, which are net of product supply costs and the royalties we pay to Royalty Pharma on sales by Ipsen and Takeda of products containing cabozantinib. 
 Development cost reimbursements were 5.2 million and 20.1 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to 7.3 million and 27.5 million, respectively, for the corresponding prior year periods. The decreases in development cost reimbursements during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily attributable to decreases in spending on the CONTACT-02, CheckMate -9ER and COSMIC-021 studies, partially offset by Ipsen s decision to opt-in and co-fund CABINET development costs in the second quarter of 2024, which includes a cumulative catch-up for Ipsen s share of global development costs incurred since the beginning of the study and through the opt-in date. 
 Collaboration services revenues were reduced by 5.3 million and 16.0 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to 4.8 million and 14.2 million, respectively, for the corresponding prior year periods, to account for the 3 royalty we are required to pay on the net sales by Ipsen and Takeda of any product containing cabozantinib. As royalty generating sales of cabozantinib by Ipsen have increased as described above, our royalty payments have also increased. 
 We project our collaboration services revenues may decrease for the remainder of 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, primarily as a result of a decrease in development cost reimbursement revenues and uncertainties regarding the timing and achievement of milestone revenues. 
 Cost of Goods Sold 
 The cost of goods sold and our gross margins were as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of goods sold 17,328 18,774 -8 56,251 50,794 11 Gross margin 96 96 96 96 
 Cost of goods sold is related to our product revenues and consists of a 3 royalty payable on U.S. net sales of any product containing cabozantinib, as well as the cost of inventory sold, indirect labor costs, write-downs related to expiring, excess and obsolete inventory and other third-party logistics costs. The decrease in cost of goods sold for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, was primarily due to a decrease in certain period costs, partially offset by the increase in royalties as a result of increased U.S. CABOMETYX sales. The increase in cost of goods sold for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, was primarily due to the increase in royalties as a result of increased U.S. CABOMETYX sales, and an increase in certain period costs. We project our gross margin will not change significantly during the remainder of 2024. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Research and Development Expenses 
 We do not track fully burdened research and development expenses on a project-by-project basis. We group our research and development expenses into three categories: (1) development; (2) drug discovery; and (3) other research and development. Our development group leads the development and implementation of our clinical and regulatory strategies and prioritizes disease indications in which our compounds are being or may be studied in clinical trials. 
 Development expenses include license and other collaboration costs, primarily composed of upfront license fees, development milestones and other payments associated with our clinical-stage in-licensing collaboration programs, clinical trial costs, personnel expenses, consulting and outside services and other development costs, including manufacturing costs of our drug development candidates. Our drug discovery group utilizes a variety of technologies, including in-licensed technologies, to enable the rapid discovery, optimization and extensive characterization of lead compounds and biotherapeutics such that we are able to select development candidates with the best potential for further evaluation and advancement into clinical development. Drug discovery expenses include license and other collaboration costs primarily composed of upfront license fees, research funding commitments, option exercise fees, development milestones and other payments associated with our in-licensing collaboration programs in preclinical development stage. Other drug discovery costs include personnel expenses, consulting and outside services and laboratory supplies. Other research and development expenses include the allocation of general corporate costs to research and development services and development cost reimbursements in connection with certain of our collaboration arrangements. 
 Research and development expenses by category were as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Development: Clinical trial costs 73,599 76,845 -4 207,532 197,647 5 Personnel expenses 43,105 43,786 -2 135,915 127,846 6 License and other collaboration costs 10,000 80,013 -88 27,500 80,022 -66 Consulting and outside services 10,621 9,835 8 34,654 30,803 13 Other development costs 21,040 24,286 -13 71,885 65,150 10 Total development 158,365 234,765 -33 477,486 501,468 -5 Drug discovery: License and other collaboration costs 8,662 23,437 -63 19,725 85,014 -77 Other drug discovery costs 16,559 31,265 -47 53,082 93,333 -43 Total drug discovery 25,221 54,702 -54 72,807 178,347 -59 Stock-based compensation 8,764 12,438 -30 21,834 25,279 -14 Other research and development 30,220 30,680 -1 89,279 94,307 -5 Total research and development expenses 222,570 332,585 -33 661,406 799,401 -17 
 In addition, we track our external clinical trial costs by product and product candidate and by scientific modalities, which are categorized as small molecule and biotherapeutics programs. Small molecule clinical development for the reported periods was primarily composed of cabozantinib and zanzalintinib. Biotherapeutics clinical development for the reported periods was primarily composed of XB002. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Clinical trial costs by scientific modalities, by product and by product candidate were as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Small molecules: Zanzalintinib 33,107 40,898 -19 104,208 90,327 15 Cabozantinib 16,245 25,179 -35 50,970 82,368 -38 Other small molecules 6,082 2,281 167 13,661 7,574 80 Total small molecules 55,434 68,358 -19 168,839 180,269 -6 Biotherapeutics 18,165 8,487 114 38,693 17,378 123 Total clinical trial costs 73,599 76,845 -4 207,532 197,647 5 
 T he decreases in research and development expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods, were primarily related to decreases in license and other collaboration costs and other drug discovery costs. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease in license and other collaboration costs was partially offset by an increase in other development costs, primarily related to manufacturing costs to support Exelixis development candidates and clinical trial costs. 
 Development-related license and other collaboration costs decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods, primarily due to an 80.0 million upfront payment made upon the execution of the exclusive license agreement with Insilico in September 2023 and lower development milestone achievement in our clinical-stage in-licensing collaboration programs. Drug discovery-related license and other collaboration costs decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods, primarily due to lower upfront fees and lower research funding. Other drug discovery costs decreased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods, primarily due to decreases in personnel expenses, laboratory supplies and consulting and outside services. 
 Clinical trial costs, which include services performed by third-party contract research organizations and other vendors who support our clinical trials, decreased for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, primarily due to lower costs associated with cabozantinib and zanzalintinib studies, partially offset by higher costs associated with studies evaluating XB010, XB002, and XL309. Clinical trial costs increased for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, primarily due to higher costs associated with studies evaluating zanzalintinib, XB002, XL309 and XB010, partially offset by lower costs associated with cabozantinib studies. 
 In addition to reviewing the three categories of research and development expenses described above, we principally consider qualitative factors in making decisions regarding our research and development programs. These factors include enrollment in clinical trials for our product candidates, preliminary data and final results from clinical trials, the potential market indications and overall clinical and commercial potential for our product candidates, and competitive dynamics. We also make our research and development decisions in the context of our overall business strategy. 
 We project that clinical trial costs may decrease for the remainder of 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, primarily driven by lower costs associated with various studies evaluating zanzalintinib, cabozantinib and XB002, partially offset by higher costs associated with XL309 and XB010. 
 To continue growing our pipeline, we are prioritizing investment in new molecules that are clinically differentiated with the potential to improve the standard of care for our cancer patients, including current and planned clinical trial programs evaluating zanzalintinib, XL309, XB010 and XL495. We are working to expand our oncology product pipeline through drug discovery efforts, which encompass our diverse biotherapeutics and small molecule programs exploring multiple modalities and mechanisms of action. This approach provides a high degree of flexibility with respect to target selection and allows us to prioritize those targets that we believe have the greatest chance of yielding impactful therapeutics. As part of our strategy, our drug discovery activities have included and continue to include internal research, as well as external research collaborations, in-licensing arrangements and other strategic transactions that collectively incorporate a wide range of technology platforms and assets and increase our probability of success. As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we expect to progress at least two new development candidates into preclinical 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 development later in 2024. We will continue to engage in pipeline expansion initiatives with the goal of acquiring and in-licensing promising investigational oncology assets and then further characterize and develop them utilizing our established preclinical and clinical development infrastructure. 
 We project our research and development expenses may decrease for fiscal year 2024, as compared to the prior year, primarily driven by decreases in license and collaboration expenses, partially offset by higher manufacturing costs to support development candidates and clinical trial costs, including the current and planned trials evaluating zanzalintinib, XL309, XB010 and XL495. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses were as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Selling, general and administrative expenses (1) 
 97,542 110,104 -11 312,144 354,504 -12 Stock-based compensation 
 14,259 28,040 -49 45,656 56,760 -20 Total selling, general and administrative expenses 
 111,801 138,144 -19 357,800 411,264 -13 
 __________________ 
 (1) Excludes stock-based compensation allocated to selling, general and administrative expenses. 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel expenses, stock-based compensation, marketing costs and certain other administrative costs. 
 The decreases in selling, general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods, were primarily due to decreases in corporate giving, legal and advisory fees related to the 2023 proxy contest and a reduction in activities related to litigation, stock-based compensation expenses, and technology costs. 
 We project our selling, general and administrative expenses may decrease for the remainder of 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, primarily driven by our cost-saving initiatives, including the impact of the 2024 Restructuring Plan, and similar reasons noted above. 
 Impairment of Long-Lived Assets 
 Impairment of long-lived assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, relate to certain leased facilities at our Alameda campus. During the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, we listed certain buildings for sublease. As a result, we assessed the impacted asset groups for impairment and concluded that the related right-of-use assets and leasehold improvements were not fully recoverable as of September 30, 2024 and recognized a 51.7 million non-cash impairment charge. See Note 5. Fair Value Measurements of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 Impairment of long-lived assets were as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Impairment of long-lived assets 
 51,672 n/a 51,672 n/a 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Restructuring Expenses 
 Restructuring expenses resulted from the execution of the 2024 Restructuring Plan to reduce our workforce and rebalance our cost structure in alignment with our strategic priorities. Restructuring expenses consist of severance and employee-related costs, asset impairment, and contract termination costs. We incurred the majority of the charges related to the 2024 Restructuring Plan during the first quarter of 2024 and substantially completed the 2024 Restructuring Plan as of the end of the second quarter of 2024. See Note 11. Restructuring of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information. 
 Restructuring expenses were as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Restructuring expenses 96 n/a 33,406 n/a 
 Non-Operating Income 
 Non-operating income was as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest income 18,709 23,112 -19 55,861 65,155 -14 Other income (expense), net 
 (29) 289 n/a (405) 230 n/a Non-operating income 18,680 23,401 -20 55,456 65,385 -15 
 The decreases in non-operating income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the corresponding prior year periods, were primarily the result of decreases in interest income due to lower average interest-bearing investment balances, partially offset by higher average interest rates. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 The provision for income taxes and the effective tax rates were as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 
 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 Provision for income taxes 36,782 4,777 670 115,461 32,235 258 Effective tax rate 23.8 82.1 23.2 20.9 
 The effective tax rate for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, differed from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to state taxes, partially offset by the generation of federal tax credits. The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2023 differed from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to non-deductible executive compensation and the branded prescription drug fee, partially offset by the generation of federal tax credits. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 differed from the U.S. federal statutory tax rate of 21 primarily due to the generation of federal tax credits, partially offset by non-deductible executive compensation and state taxes. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 1.7 billion in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, as compared to 1.7 billion as of December 31, 2023. We anticipate that the aggregate of our current cash and cash equivalents, marketable securities available for operations, net product revenues and collaboration revenues will enable us to maintain our operations for at least 12 months and thereafter for the foreseeable future. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 We project our cash requirements for operating activities will not change significantly for the remainder of 2024, as compared to the corresponding period in 2023, in part due to the implementation of the 2024 Restructuring Plan to reduce our workforce and rebalance our cost structure in alignment with our strategic priorities. 
 Our primary cash requirements for operating activities are employee related expenditures; payments related to our collaboration and development programs; income tax payments; royalty payments on our net product sales; cash payments for inventory; rent payments for our leased facilities; contract manufacturing payments; and restructuring cash payments related to the 2024 Restructuring Plan. 
 The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, signed into law on December 22, 2017, modified the tax treatment of research and development expenditures beginning in fiscal year 2022. Research and development expenditures are no longer currently deductible but instead must be amortized ratably over five years for domestic expenditures or 15 years for foreign expenditures. As a result, we anticipate a higher federal income tax liability in fiscal year 2024, which will require higher estimated federal tax payments by the end of 2024. We will realize a reduction of our federal income tax liability in future years as the capitalized research and development expenditures are amortized for tax purposes. 
 Our primary sources of operating cash are: cash collections from customers related to net product revenues, which we project may increase for the remainder of 2024, as compared to the corresponding period in 2023; cash collections related to milestones achieved and royalties earned from our commercial collaboration arrangements with Ipsen, Takeda and others; and cash collections for cost reimbursements under certain of our development programs with Ipsen and Takeda which we project may decrease for the remainder of 2024, as compared to the corresponding period in 2023. The timing of cash generated from commercial collaborations and cash payments required for in-licensing collaborations relative to upfront license fee payments, research funding commitments, cost reimbursements, exercise of option payments and other contingent payments such as development milestone payments may vary from period to period. 
 We project that we may continue to spend significant amounts of cash to fund the development of product candidates in our pipeline, including zanzalintinib, XL309, XB010 and XL495, and the development and commercialization of cabozantinib. In addition, we may continue to expand our oncology product pipeline through additional research collaborations, in-licensing arrangements and other strategic transactions that align with our oncology drug development, regulatory and commercial expertise. 
 In January 2024, our Board of Directors authorized the repurchase of up to 450.0 million of our common stock before the end of 2024. As of June 30, 2024, we completed the repurchase of 20.3 million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 450.0 million pursuant to our stock repurchase program. In August 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to acquire up to 500.0 million of our outstanding common stock before the end of 2025. Under this program, during the third quarter of 2024, we repurchased 0.5 million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 12.4 million. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 487.6 million remained available for future stock repurchases before the end of 2025. 
 Stock repurchases under this program may be made from time to time through a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, in block trades, Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, accelerated share repurchase transactions, exchange transactions, or any combination of such methods. The timing and amount of a ny stock repurchases under the stock repurchase program will be based on a variety of factors, including ongoing assessments of the capital needs of the business, alternative investment opportunities, the market price of Exelixis common stock and general market conditions. 
 Financing these activities could materially impact our liquidity and capital resources and may require us to incur debt or raise additional funds through the issuance of equity. Furthermore, even though we believe we have sufficient funds for our current and future operating plans, we may choose to incur debt or raise additional funds through the issuance of equity based on market conditions or strategic considerations. 
 Sources and Uses of Cash (dollars in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Percent Change Working capital 1,155,372 923,681 25 Cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities 
 1,712,582 1,724,019 -1 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Working Capital 
 The increase in working capital as of September 30, 2024, as compared to December 31, 2023, was primarily due to the favorable impact to our net current assets resulting from our increase in net product revenues and collaboration revenues, including a total of 164.7 million in milestones earned from Ipsen, partially offset by repurchases of our common stock. In the future, our working capital may be impacted by one of these factors or other factors, the amounts and timing of which are variable. 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Marketable Securities 
 Cash and cash equivalents primarily consist of deposits at major banks, money market funds, commercial paper and other securities with original maturities 90 days or less. Marketable securities primarily consist of debt securities available-for-sale and certificates of deposit. For additional information regarding our cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, see Note 4. Cash and Marketable Securities of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. The decrease in cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of September 30, 2024, as compared to December 31, 2023, was primarily due to cash payments to repurchase our common stock, payments to support our development and discovery programs, cash payments for employee-related expenditures and restructuring, partially offset by cash inflows generated by our operations from sales of our products and our commercial collaboration arrangements, including 150.0 million in cash received from Ipsen for a commercial milestone earned. 
 Cash flow activities were as follows (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 459,708 322,753 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (23,582) (88,692) Net cash used in financing activities (440,774) (339,879) 
 Operating Activities 
 Cash provided by operating activities is derived by adjusting our net income for non-cash operating items such as deferred taxes, stock-based compensation, depreciation, non-cash lease expense and impairment of long-lived assets and changes in operating assets and liabilities, which reflect timing differences between the receipt and payment of cash associated with transactions and when they are recognized in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, primarily due to an increa se in cash received on sales of our products and cash received upon achievement of milestones from Ipsen, partially offset by cash paid for certain operating expenses, including cash payments related to the 2024 Restructuring Plan. 
 Investing Activities 
 The changes in cash flows from investing activities primarily relates to the timing of marketable securities investment activity, acquisition of acquired in-process research and development technology and capital expenditures. Our capital expenditures primarily consist of marketable securities to expand our operations and acquire assets that further support our research and development activities . 
 Net cash used in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased as compared to the corresponding prior year period. The decrease in cash used in investing activities was primarily due to a decrease in purchases of marketable securities and purchases of in-process research and development technology related to certain in-licensing collaboration arrangements, partially offset by a decrease in cash proceeds from maturities and sales of marketable securities. 
 Financing Activities 
 The changes in cash flows from financing activities primarily relate to payments for repurchases of common stock, proceeds from employee stock programs and taxes paid related to net share settlement of equity awards. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased, as compared to the corresponding prior year period, primarily due to an increase in payments for repurchases of common stock. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 The 2024 Restructuring Plan was initiated in the first quarter of 2024 and was substantially completed as of the end of the second quarter of 2024. As part of our 2024 Restructuring Plan, we have terminated certain in-licensing collaboration arrangements, and as a result our contingent payments for potential future development, regulatory and commercial milestones have decreased. See Note 3. Collaboration Agreements and Business Development Activities of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. For more information about the 2024 Restructuring Plan impact to our leases and other contractual obligations, see Note 11. Restructuring of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 There were no other material changes outside of the ordinary course of business in our contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024 from those disclosed in our Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K. For more information about our leases and our other contractual obligations, see Note 11. Commitments and Contingencies of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 of our Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements conforms to accounting principles generally accepted in the U.S. which requires management to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, equity, revenues and expenses and related disclosures. An accounting policy is considered to be critical if it requires an accounting estimate to be made based on assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the estimate is made, and if different estimates that reasonably could have been used, or changes in the accounting estimates that are reasonably likely to occur periodically, could materially impact our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. On an ongoing basis, management evaluates its estimates, including, but not limited to: those related to revenue recognition, including determining the nature and timing of satisfaction of performance obligations, and determining the standalone selling price of performance obligations, and variable consideration such as rebates, chargebacks, sales returns and sales allowances as well as milestones included in collaboration arrangements; the accrual for certain liabilities, including accrued clinical trial liabilities; and valuations of equity awards used to determine stock-based compensation, including certain awards with vesting subject to market or performance conditions; and the amounts of deferred tax assets and liabilities, including the related valuation allowance. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other market-specific and other relevant assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Our senior management has discussed the development, selection and disclosure of these estimates with the Audit Committee of our Board of Directors. Actual results could differ materially from those estimates. 
 We believe our critical accounting policies relating to revenue recognition, clinical trial and collaboration accruals, stock-based compensation and income taxes reflect the more significant estimates and assumptions used in the preparation of our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 There have been no significant changes in our critical accounting policies and estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the critical accounting policies and estimates disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in Part II, Item 7 of our Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a description of the expected impact of recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 1. Organization and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Our market risks as of September 30, 2024 have not changed significantly from those described in Part II, Item 7A of our Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act)) required by Rules 13a-15(b) or 15d-15(b) of the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 A control system, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues, if any, within an organization have been detected. Accordingly, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system are met and, as set forth above, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded, based on their evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the objectives of our disclosure control system were met. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 MSN I ANDA Litigation 
 In September 2019, we received a notice letter regarding an ANDA submitted to the FDA by MSN requesting approval to market a generic version of CABOMETYX tablets. MSN s initial notice letter included a Paragraph IV certification with respect to our U.S. Patents No. 8,877,776 (salt and polymorphic forms), 9,724,342 (formulations), 10,034,873 (methods of treatment) and 10,039,757 (methods of treatment), which are listed in the Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, also referred to as the Orange Book, for CABOMETYX. MSN s initial notice letter did not provide a Paragraph IV certification against U.S. Patents No. 7,579,473 (composition of matter) or 8,497,284 (methods of treatment), each of which is listed in the Orange Book. On October 29, 2019, we filed a complaint in the Delaware District Court for patent infringement against MSN asserting infringement of U.S. Patent No. 8,877,776 arising from MSN s ANDA filing with the FDA. On November 20, 2019, MSN filed its response to the complaint, alleging that the asserted claims of U.S. Patent No. 8,877,776 are invalid and not infringed. On May 5, 2020, we received notice from MSN that it had amended its ANDA to include additional Paragraph IV certifications. In particular, the May 5, 2020 amended ANDA requested approval to market a generic version of CABOMETYX tablets prior to expiration of two previously unasserted CABOMETYX patents: U.S. Patents No. 7,579,473 and 8,497,284. On May 11, 2020, we filed a complaint in the Delaware District Court for patent infringement against MSN asserting infringement of U.S. Patents No. 7,579,473 and 8,497,284 arising from MSN s amended ANDA filing with the FDA. Neither of our complaints have alleged infringement of U.S. Patents No. 9,724,342, 10,034,873 and 10,039,757. On May 22, 2020, MSN filed its response to the complaint, alleging that the asserted claims of U.S. Patents No. 7,579,473 and 8,497,284 are invalid and not infringed. On March 23, 2021, MSN filed its First Amended Answer and Counterclaims (amending its prior filing from May 22, 2020), seeking, among other things, a declaratory judgment that U.S. Patent No. 9,809,549 (salt and polymorphic forms) is invalid and would not be infringed by MSN if its generic version of CABOMETYX tablets were approved by the FDA. U.S. Patent No. 9,809,549 is not listed in the Orange Book. On April 7, 2021, we filed our response to MSN s First Amended Answer and Counterclaims, denying, among other things, that U.S. Patent No. 9,809,549 is invalid or would not be infringed. The two lawsuits comprising this litigation (collectively referred to as MSN I), numbered Civil Action Nos. 19-02017 and 20-00633, were consolidated in April 2021. 
 On October 1, 2021, pursuant to a stipulation between us and MSN, the Delaware District Court entered an order that (i) MSN s submission of its ANDA constitutes infringement of certain claims relating to U.S. Patents No. 7,579,473 and 8,497,284, if those claims are not found to be invalid, and (ii) upon approval, MSN s commercial manufacture, use, sale or offer for sale within the U.S., and importation into the U.S., of MSN s proposed ANDA product prior to the expiration of U.S. Patents No. 7,579,473 and 8,497,284 would also infringe certain claims of each patent, if those claims are not found to be invalid. Then, on October 12, 2021, pursuant to a separate stipulation between us and MSN, the Delaware District Court entered an order dismissing MSN s counterclaims with respect to U.S. Patent No. 9,809,549. In our MSN I complaints, we sought, among other relief, an order that the effective date of any FDA approval of MSN s ANDA be a date no earlier than the expiration of all of U.S. Patents No. 7,579,473, 8,497,284 and 8,877,776, the latest of which expires on October 8, 2030, and equitable relief enjoining MSN from infringing these patents. In an effort to streamline the case, the parties narrowed their assertions. On April 8, 2022, MSN withdrew its validity challenge to U.S. Patent No. 8,877,776. On April 14, 2022, we agreed not to assert U.S. Patent No. 8,497,284 at trial and MSN, correspondingly, agreed to withdraw its validity challenges to U.S. Patent No. 8,497,284, as well as claims 1-4 and 6-7 of U.S. Patent No. 7,579,473. As a result of this narrowing, the trial addressed two issues: (1) infringement of claim 1 of the U.S. Patent No. 8,877,776; and (2) validity of claim 5 of the U.S. Patent No. 7,579,473. A bench trial for MSN I occurred in May 2022, and on January 19, 2023, the Delaware District Court issued a ruling rejecting MSN s invalidity challenge to U.S. Patent No. 7,759,473. The Delaware District Court also ruled that MSN s proposed ANDA product does not infringe U.S. Patent No. 8,877,776. In accordance with these rulings, the Delaware District Court entered judgment that the effective date of any final FDA approval of MSN s ANDA shall not be a date earlier than August 14, 2026, the expiration date of U.S. Patent No. 7,759,473. Final judgment was entered on January 30, 2023. This ruling in MSN I did not impact our separate MSN II lawsuit. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 MSN II ANDA Litigation 
 On January 11, 2022, we received notice from MSN that it had further amended its ANDA to assert additional Paragraph IV certifications. In particular, the January 11, 2022 amended ANDA requested approval to market a generic version of CABOMETYX tablets prior to expiration of three previously-unasserted CABOMETYX patents that are now listed in the Orange Book: U.S. Patents No. 11,091,439 (crystalline salt forms), 11,091,440 (pharmaceutical composition) and 11,098,015 (methods of treatment). On February 23, 2022, we filed a complaint in the Delaware District Court for patent infringement against MSN asserting infringement of U.S. Patents No. 11,091,439, 11,091,440 and 11,098,015 arising from MSN s further amendment of its ANDA filing with the FDA. On February 25, 2022, MSN filed its response to the complaint, alleging that the asserted claims of U.S. Patents No. 11,091,439, 11,091,440 and 11,098,015 are invalid and not infringed. On June 7, 2022, we received notice from MSN that it had further amended its ANDA to assert an additional Paragraph IV certification. As currently amended, MSN s ANDA now requests approval to market a generic version of CABOMETYX tablets prior to expiration of a previously-unasserted CABOMETYX patent that is now listed in the Orange Book: U.S. Patent No. 11,298,349 (pharmaceutical composition). On July 18, 2022, we filed a complaint in the Delaware District Court for patent infringement against MSN asserting infringement of U.S. Patent No. 11,298,349 arising from MSN s further amendment of its ANDA filing with the FDA. On August 9, 2022, MSN filed its response to the complaint, alleging that the asserted claims of U.S. Patent No. 11,298,349 are invalid and not infringed and amended its challenges to U.S. Patents No. 11,091,439, 11,091,440 and 11,098,015 to allege that these patents are not enforceable based on equitable grounds. The two lawsuits comprising the MSN II litigation, numbered Civil Action Nos. 22-00228 and 22-00945, were consolidated in October 2022 and involve Exelixis patents that are different from those asserted in the MSN I litigation described above. 
 On June 21, 2022, pursuant to a stipulation between us and MSN, the Delaware District Court entered an order that (i) MSN s submission of its ANDA constitutes infringement of certain claims relating to U.S. Patents No. 11,091,439, 11,091,440 and 11,098,015, if those claims are not found to be invalid, and (ii) upon approval, MSN s commercial manufacture, use, sale or offer for sale within the U.S., and importation into the U.S., of MSN s proposed ANDA product prior to the expiration of U.S. Patents No. 11,091,439, 11,091,440 and 11,098,015 would also infringe certain claims of each patent, if those claims are not found to be invalid. In our MSN II complaints, we sought, among other relief, an order that the effective date of any FDA approval of MSN s ANDA would be a date no earlier than the expiration of all of U.S. Patents No. 11,091,439, 11,091,440, 11,098,015 and 11,298,349, the latest of which expires on February 10, 2032, and equitable relief enjoining MSN from infringing these patents. On September 28, 2023, the Delaware District Court granted the parties stipulation of dismissal of MSN s equitable defenses and counterclaims. A bench trial occurred in October 2023, and on October 15, 2024, the Delaware District Court issued a ruling rejecting MSN s invalidity challenge to each of U.S. Patents No. 11,091,439, 11,091,440 and 11,098,015. The Delaware District Court also ruled that our U.S. Patent No. 11,298,349 is not invalid and that MSN s proposed ANDA product does not infringe this patent. In accordance with these rulings, the Delaware District Court entered final judgment on October 23, 2024, that should the FDA ultimately approve MSN s ANDA, the effective date of any such approval of MSN s ANDA shall not be a date earlier than January 15, 2030, the expiration date of each of U.S. Patents No. 11,091,439, 11,091,440 and 11,098,015, subject to our potential additional regulatory exclusivity. The Delaware District Court s judgment is also subject to appeal by either party. We are currently evaluating next steps with respect to this litigation, including the possibility of one or both parties appeals of the Delaware District Court s judgment. 
 Teva ANDA Litigation 
 In May 2021, we received notice letters regarding an ANDA submitted to the FDA by Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Limited, Teva Pharmaceuticals Development, Inc. and Teva Pharmaceuticals USA, Inc. (individually and collectively referred to as Teva), requesting approval to market a generic version of CABOMETYX tablets. Teva s notice letters included a Paragraph IV certification with respect to our U.S. Patents No. 9,724,342 (formulations), 10,034,873 (methods of treatment) and 10,039,757 (methods of treatment), which are listed in the Orange Book. Teva s notice letters did not provide a Paragraph IV certification against any additional CABOMETYX patents. On June 17, 2021, we filed a complaint in the Delaware District Court for patent infringement against Teva, asserting infringement of U.S. Patents No. 9,724,342, 10,034,873 and 10,039,757 arising from Teva s ANDA filing with the FDA. On August 27, 2021, Teva filed its answer and counterclaims to the complaint, alleging that the asserted claims of U.S. Patents No. 9,724,342, 10,034,873 and 10,039,757 are invalid and not infringed. On September 17, 2021, we filed an answer to Teva s counterclaims. On July 29, 2022, we received notice from Teva that it had amended its ANDA to assert an additional Paragraph IV certification. As amended, Teva s ANDA now requests approval to market a generic version of CABOMETYX tablets prior to expiration of a previously-unasserted CABOMETYX patent that is now listed in the Orange Book: U.S. Patent No. 11,298,349 (pharmaceutical composition). On September 2, 2022, we filed a complaint in the Delaware District Court for patent infringement against Teva, asserting infringement of U.S. Patent No. 11,298,349 arising from Teva s amended ANDA filing 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 with the FDA. We sought, among other relief, an order that the effective date of any FDA approval of Teva s ANDA be a date no earlier than the expiration of all of U.S. Patents No. 9,724,342, 10,034,873, 10,039,757 and 11,298,349, the latest of which expires on July 9, 2033, and equitable relief enjoining Teva from infringing these patents. On September 30, 2022, the parties filed a stipulation to consolidate the two lawsuits, numbered Civil Action Nos. 21-00871 and 22-01168, and to stay all proceedings, which was granted by the Delaware District Court on October 3, 2022. Following a similar order granted by the Delaware District Court on February 9, 2022 to stay all proceedings with respect to Civil Action No. 21-00871, this case remained administratively closed, and Civil Action No. 22-01168 was administratively closed on October 3, 2022. In July 2023, we entered into a settlement and license agreement with Teva (the Teva Settlement Agreement) to end these litigations. Pursuant to the terms of the Teva Settlement Agreement, we will grant Teva a license to market its generic version of CABOMETYX in the U.S. beginning on January 1, 2031, if approved by the FDA and subject to conditions and exceptions common to agreements of this type. On September 15, 2023, the parties filed a joint stipulation of dismissal with the Delaware District Court, and on September 19, 2023, the Delaware District Court granted the parties stipulation and dismissed the case without prejudice. 
 Cipla ANDA Litigation 
 On February 6, 2023, we received a notice letter regarding an ANDA submitted to the FDA by Cipla, Ltd. and Cipla USA, Inc. (individually and collectively referred to as Cipla), including a Paragraph IV certification with respect to our U.S. Patents No. 8,877,776 (salt and polymorphic forms), 9,724,342 (formulations), 10,039,757 (methods of treatment), 11,091,439 (crystalline salt forms), 11,091,440 (pharmaceutical composition), 11,098,015 (methods of treatment), and 11,298,349 (pharmaceutical composition). Cipla s notice letter did not provide a Paragraph IV certification against any additional CABOMETYX patents. On March 16, 2023, we filed a complaint in the Delaware District Court for patent infringement against Cipla asserting infringement of U.S. Patents No. 8,877,776, 11,091,439, 11,091,440, 11,098,015 and 11,298,349 arising from Cipla s ANDA filing with the FDA. Cipla s ANDA requests approval to market a generic version of CABOMETYX tablets prior to the expiration of the aforementioned patents. We sought, among other relief, an order that the effective date of any FDA approval of Cipla s ANDA would be a date no earlier than the expiration of all of U.S. Patents No. 8,877,776, 11,091,439, 11,091,440, 11,098,015 and 11,298,349, the latest of which expires on February 10, 2032, and equitable relief enjoining Cipla from infringing these patents. On May 4, 2023, we filed, under seal, a stipulation and proposed order to stay all proceedings, and the Delaware District Court, in a sealed order on the same day, granted the proposed order and administratively closed the case. On May 5, 2023, the Delaware District Court issued a redacted version of the May 4, 2023 stipulation and proposed order. On March 27, 2024, we received notice from Cipla that it had amended its ANDA to assert additional Paragraph IV certifications. The ANDA now requests approval to market generic versions of CABOMETYX tablets with 20 mg and 40 mg dosage strengths (in addition to the 60 mg dosage strength contemplated by Cipla s original ANDA) prior to expiration of U.S. Patents No. 8,877,776, 9,724,342, 10,039,757, 11,091,439, 11,091,440, 11,098,015 and 11,298,349. In May 2024, we entered into a settlement and license agreement (the Cipla Settlement Agreement) with Cipla to end these litigations. Pursuant to the terms of the Cipla Settlement Agreement, we granted Cipla a license to market its generic version of CABOMETYX in the U.S. beginning on January 1, 2031, if approved by the FDA and subject to conditions and exceptions common to agreements of this type. On July 8, 2024, the parties filed a joint stipulation of dismissal with the Delaware District Court, and on July 9, 2024, the Delaware District Court granted the parties stipulation and dismissed the case without prejudice. 
 Other 
 On September 17, 2024, we received a notice letter regarding an ANDA submitted to the FDA by Sun, including a Paragraph IV certification with respect to our U.S. Patents No. 8,877,776 (salt and polymorphic forms), 9,724,342 (formulations), 10,034,873 (methods of treatment), 10,039,757 (methods of treatment), 11,091,439 (crystalline salt forms), 11,091,440 (pharmaceutical composition), 11,098,015 (methods of treatment) and 11,298,349 (pharmaceutical composition), the latest of which expires on February 10, 2032. Sun s ANDA requests approval to market a generic version of CABOMETYX tablets prior to the expiration of the aforementioned patents. We have not yet responded to this Paragraph IV certification notice but are evaluating it consistent with our intention to vigorously defend our intellectual property rights. 
 We may also from time to time become a party or subject to various other legal proceedings and claims, either asserted or unasserted, which arise in the ordinary course of business. Some of these proceedings have involved, and may involve in the future, claims that are subject to substantial uncertainties and unascertainable damages. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 In addition to the information discussed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, you should carefully review and consider the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A of our Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K. These risks could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. The risks and uncertainties described therein are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we deem immaterial also may impair our business operations. As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q , there have been no material changes to the risk factors described in our Fiscal 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 In August 2024, our Board of Directors authorized a stock repurchase program to acquire up to 500 million of our outstanding common stock before the end of 2025. Under this program, during the third quarter of 2024, we repurchased 0.5 million shares of common stock for an aggregate purchase price of 12.4 million. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 487.6 million remained available for future stock repurchases before the end of 2025. 
 The following table summarizes the stock repurchase activity for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased pursuant to our stock repurchase program (in thousands, except per share data): 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Program Approximate Dollar Value of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program June 29, 2024 - July 26, 2024 
 July 27, 2024 - August 23, 2024 
 500,000 August 24, 2024 - September 27, 2024 
 483 25.61 483 487,623 Total 483 483 
 Stock repurchases under the program may be made from time to time through a variety of methods, which may include open market purchases, in block trades, Rule 10b5-1 trading plans, accelerated share repurchase transactions, exchange transactions, or any combination of such methods. The timing and amount of any stock repurchases under the stock repurchase program will be based on a variety of factors, including ongoing assessments of the capital needs of the business, alternative investment opportunities, the market price of our common stock and general market conditions. The program does not obligate us to acquire any particular amount of our common stock, and the stock repurchase program may be modified, suspended or discontinued at any time without prior notice. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 , our , an officer for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act, on . Mr. Haley s trading plan provides for the sale of up to shares of our common stock between November 18, 2024 and August 19, 2025. This trading plan is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) under the Exchange Act and Exelixis policies regarding transactions in Exelixis securities. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 
 45 

Table of Content 

 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description 
 Incorporation by Reference 
 Filed 
 Herewith 
 Form 
 File Number 
 Exhibit/ 
 Appendix 
 Reference 
 Filing Date 
 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Exelixis, Inc. 
 10-Q 000-30235 3.1 8/5/2021 3.2 Certificate of Change of Registered Agent and/or Registered Office of Exelixis, Inc. 
 10-Q 000-30235 3.2 4/30/2024 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Exelixis, Inc. 
 8-K 000-30235 3.1 12/20/2023 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) 
 X 32.1 Certifications of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 X 101.INS XBRL Instance Document The XBRL instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 X This certification accompanies this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, is not deemed filed with the SEC and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Exelixis, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 46 

Table of Content 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 E XELIXIS, I NC. 
 October 29, 2024 By: /s/ Christopher J. Senner Date Christopher J. Senner Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Duly Authorized Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 47 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exel20240930exhibit31110-q.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Michael M. Morrissey, Ph.D., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Exelixis, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Michael M. Morrissey Michael M. Morrissey, Ph.D. President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date October 29, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exel20240930exhibit31210-q.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Christopher J. Senner, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-Q of Exelixis, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Christopher J. Senner Christopher J. Senner Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 Date October 29, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exel20240930exhibit32110-q.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, Michael M. Morrissey, Ph.D., the President and Chief Executive Officer of Exelixis, Inc. (the Company ), and Christopher J. Senner, the Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge 
 1. The Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 27, 2024, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 In Witness Whereof, the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 29th day of October 2024. 
 
 s Michael M. Morrissey s Christopher J. Senner Michael M. Morrissey, Ph.D. Christopher J. Senner President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 exel-20240927.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 exel-20240927_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 exel-20240927_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 exel-20240927_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 exel-20240927_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

