<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_1808805_0001808805-24-000072.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5833814</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>349953</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1082732</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1989750</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1186419</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1111024</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001808805-24-000072.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029160615
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001808805-24-000072
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		65
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001808805
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LABORATORY ANALYTICAL INSTRUMENTS [3826]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				981541723
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39434
		FILM NUMBER:		241405710

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2701 EASTLAKE AVE EAST
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98102
		BUSINESS PHONE:		206-333-2001

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2701 EASTLAKE AVE EAST
		CITY:			SEATTLE
		STATE:			WA
		ZIP:			98102

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp III
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200408

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001808805-24-000072.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 naut-20240930.htm
 10-Q

naut-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _________ to _________ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 

(Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes o No 
 As of October 24, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, outstanding. 

NAUTILUS BIOTECHNOLOGY, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 iii 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 iii 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (unaudited) 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 7 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 28 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 29 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 30 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 75 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 75 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 75 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 75 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 76 
 SIGNATURES 
 77 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, that are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. The forward-looking statements are contained principally in the section entitled Risk Factors and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 
 our dependence on the success of our proteomics platform (the Nautilus platform ), which remains in the development stage and subject to scientific and technical validation; 
 our expectations regarding the timing and progress of the development of the Nautilus platform and any commercialization timelines; 
 our expectations regarding the functionality of the Nautilus platform; 
 our estimates of our addressable market, market growth, future revenue, key performance indicators, expenses, capital requirements and needs for additional financing; 
 our expectations regarding the rate and degree of market acceptance of the Nautilus platform; 
 the impact of the Nautilus platform on the field of proteomics and the size and growth of the addressable proteomics market; 
 our ability to manage and grow our business and commercialize our Nautilus platform; 
 our ability to successfully implement our three phase commercial launch plan; 
 the implementation of our business model and strategic plans for the Nautilus platform; 
 our ability to establish and maintain intellectual property protection for our products or avoid or defend claims of infringement; 
 our expectations regarding the use of proceeds from the Business Combination (as defined in Part I, Item I, Note 1, Description of Business and Basis of Presentation, in our notes to condensed consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q); 
 the performance of third-party partners, manufacturers and suppliers; 
 changes in applicable laws or regulations; 
 our ability to raise financing in the future; 
 our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors or other key personnel; 
 the volatility of the trading price of our common stock; 
 our ability to develop and commercialize new products; 
 our expectations about market trends; 
 the impact of local, regional, national and international economic conditions and events including the COVID-19 pandemic, the conflicts in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, changing interest rates, instability in the global financial markets and general economic downturns, on the foregoing; and 
 other factors including but not limited to those detailed under the section entitled Risk Factors . 
 ii 

Forward-looking statements include statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as anticipates, believes, could, seeks, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, projects, should, will, would, or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. 
 Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We discuss these risks in greater detail in Part II, Item 1A, Risk Factors, elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks emerge from time to time. It is not possible for us to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements we may make. In light of these risks, uncertainties and assumptions, the future events and trends discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not occur and actual results could differ materially and adversely from those anticipated or implied in the forward-looking statements. 
 The forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q also contains estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business, and market opportunity, including data regarding the estimated size of the market. Information that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data and similar sources. 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains references to trademarks and service marks belonging to other entities. Solely for convenience, trademarks and trade names referred to in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may appear without the or TM symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that the applicable licensor will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, its rights to these trademarks and trade names. We do not intend our use or display of other companies trade names, trademarks or service marks to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of it by, any other companies. 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

iii 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) 

 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Long-term investments Other long-term assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Current portion of operating lease liabilities Total current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) par value, authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value, shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 1 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands, except share and per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating expenses Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Other income (expense) Interest income Other expense ) ) ) Total other income Net loss ) ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 2 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gain (loss) on securities available-for-sale ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Common Stock (in thousands, except share amounts) Shares Amount Balances at June 30, 2024 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of vested stock options Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 
 ) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Common Stock (in thousands, except share amounts) Shares Amount Balances at June 30, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of vested stock options Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balances at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 

4 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Common Stock (in thousands, except share amounts) Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of vested stock options Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 
 ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders Equity Common Stock (in thousands, except share amounts) Shares Amount Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of vested stock options Issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Stock-based compensation expense Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balances at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities Stock-based compensation expense Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Depreciation Amortization (accretion) of premium (discount) on securities, net ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Operating lease liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Proceeds from maturities of securities Purchases of securities ) ) Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities Proceeds from exercise of stock options Proceeds from issuance of common stock under employee stock purchase plan Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplementary cash flow information on non-cash activities: Acquisitions of property and equipment included in accounts payable Right-of-use asset obtained in exchange for operating lease liability 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed consolidated financial statements 
 6 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 
 shares of common stock of the Company New Nautilus Common Stock at a price of per share for aggregate gross proceeds of million PIPE Financing ). 
 Basis of Presentation 
 
 Going Concern 
 The Company s condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis of continuity of operations, the realization of assets, and the satisfaction of liabilities in the ordinary course of business. Since inception, the Company has been engaged in developing its technology, raising capital, and recruiting personnel. The Company s operating plan may change as a result of many factors currently unknown and there can be no assurance that the current operating plan will be achieved in the time frame anticipated by the Company, and it may need to seek additional funds sooner than planned. If adequate funds are not available to the Company on a timely basis, it may be required to delay, limit, reduce, or terminate certain commercial efforts, or pursue merger or acquisition strategies, all of which could adversely affect the holdings or the rights of the Company s stockholders. The Company has incurred net operating losses and negative cash flows from operations in every year since inception and expects this to continue for the foreseeable future. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million. 
 7 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

million from PIPE Investors and the Business Combination offset by approximately million of transaction costs and underwriters fees relating to the closing of the Business Combination. The Company had cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of million as of September 30, 2024. As of the date on which these condensed consolidated financial statements were issued, the Company believes that its cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments will be sufficient to fund its operations for at least the next twelve months following the issuance of the condensed consolidated financial statements. The Company s actual results could vary as a result of, and its near and long-term future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including its growth rate and the timing and extent of spending to support its research and development efforts. The Company has based its estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and it could use its available capital resources sooner than it currently expects. The Company may be required to seek additional equity or debt financing. Future liquidity and cash requirements will depend on numerous factors. In the event that additional financing is required, the Company may not be able to raise it on acceptable terms or at all. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital when desired, or if it cannot expand its operations or otherwise capitalize on its business opportunities because it lacks sufficient capital, its business, operating results, and financial condition would be adversely affected. 

2. 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk and Other Risks and Uncertainties 
 8 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

Segment Reporting 
 operating and reportable segment. The Company s long-lived assets are entirely based in the United States. 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 Investments 
 Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 9 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

Leases 
 Comprehensive Loss 
 
 Accounting Pronouncements 
 10 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

3. 
 U.S. treasury securities ) Total Level 1 ) Level 2 Commercial paper Corporate debt securities ) Agency securities ) Total Level 2 ) Total Level 1 and Level 2 ) 
 (in thousands) Gross Unrealized Reported as: December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Gains Losses Fair Value Cash equivalents 
 Short-term investments Long-term investments Level 1 Mutual funds U.S. treasury securities ) Total Level 1 ) Level 2 Commercial paper ) Corporate debt securities ) Agency securities ) Total Level 2 ) Total Level 1 and Level 2 ) 
 Short-term investments have a contractual maturity date that is one year or less from the respective balance sheet date. Long-term investments have a contractual maturity date that is more than one year, but less than two years from the respective balance sheet date. 
 11 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

Commercial paper Corporate debt securities Agency securities Total 
 (in thousands) Securities in Unrealized Loss Position Less than 12 months Securities in Unrealized Loss Position Greater than 12 months Total December 31, 2023 Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Market Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Market Value Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Market Value U.S. treasury securities Commercial paper Corporate debt securities Agency securities Total 
 credit losses during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and had allowance for credit losses as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 4. 
 Leasehold improvements Computer hardware Furniture, fixtures and office equipment Prototype equipment Construction in progress Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total 
 12 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, which was primarily allocated to research and development expense. 
 Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
 Accrued research and development Accrued professional and consulting fees Other Total 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 Restricted cash included in other long-term assets (Note 8) Total 
 Other long-term assets consisted of million of restricted cash and million of deposits as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

5. 
 shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuance 
 Stock options issued and outstanding Shares available for grant under 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Total shares of common stock reserved 

6. 
 income tax expense or benefit was recognized, due to a full valuation allowance recorded against its deferred tax assets. 
 
 13 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

7. 
 and shares were available for grant under the 2021 Plan and 2021 ESPP, respectively. 
 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Under the 2021 ESPP, participants are permitted to purchase shares of Common Stock, up to the IRS allowable limit, through contributions (in the form of payroll deductions or otherwise to the extent permitted by the administrator of the 2021 ESPP) of up to of their eligible compensation. Participants are permitted to purchase shares of the Company s Common Stock at of the lower of the fair market value of the Company s Common Stock on the first trading day of an offering period or on the last trading date in each purchase period. The Company offers a purchase period. Participants may end their participation at any time during an offering and will be paid their accrued contributions that have not yet been used to purchase shares. Participation ends automatically upon termination of employment with the Company. The number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the 2021 ESPP will be increased on the first day of each fiscal year in an amount equal to the least of (i) shares of common stock, (ii) a number of s hares of common stock equal to one percent of the total number of shares of all classes of common stock of the Company on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (iii) such number of shares determined by the Administrator no later than the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year. On January 1, 2024, the number of shares available under the 2021 ESPP increased by shares pursuant to this feature. 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 Under the 2021 Plan, the Company can grant incentive stock options, nonstatutory stock options, stock appreciation rig hts, restricted stock, restricted stock units and performance awards to employees, non-employee directors and consultants. Options generally expire after the date of grant. The number of shares available for issuance under the 2021 Plan will be increased on the first day of each fiscal year in an amount equal to the least of (i) shares, (ii) a number of shares equal to five percent of the total number of shares of all classes of common stock of the Company outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year, or (iii) such number of shares determined by the Administrator no later than the last day of the immediately preceding fiscal year . On January 1, 2024, the number of shares available under the 2021 Plan increased by shares pursuant to this feature. 
 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 
 At the time of adoption of the 2021 Plan and the 2021 ESPP, no further awards will be granted under the 2017 Equity Incentive Plan 2017 Plan ). Stock-based awards forfeited or cancelled from the 2017 Plan are returned to the pool of shares of Common Stock available for issuance under the 2021 Plan. 
 Grant Date Fair Value of Stock Options 
 In determining the compensation cost of the option awards, the fair value for each option award has been estimated using the Black Scholes model . 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 Expected dividend rate Risk free interest rate - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 14 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

as the Company has no history or expectation of declaring dividends on its common stock. 
 Risk-free interest rate: The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant for zero-coupon U.S. Treasury notes with maturities corresponding to the expected term of the awards. 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 Options vested and expected to vest as of September 30, 2024 
 Vested and exercisable at September 30, 2024 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million of total unrecognized compensation expense expected to be recognized over a weighted average-period of years. Aggregate intrinsic value represents the difference between the fair market value of the common stock and the exercise price of outstanding, in-the-money options. 
 Stock-based Compensation Expense 
 General and administrative Total stock-based compensation expense 

8. 
 15 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

million, of which million are expected to be received through the next 12 months. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, the Company may become involved in litigation relating to claims arising from the ordinary course of business. The Company may record accruals for loss contingencies associated with legal matters when it is probable that a liability will be incurred, and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated. Amounts accrued for legal contingencies often result from a complex series of judgments about future events and uncertainties that rely heavily on estimates and assumptions. The ability to make such estimates and judgments can be affected by various factors including, among other things, whether damages sought in the proceedings are unsubstantiated or indeterminate; scientific and legal discovery has not commenced or is not complete; proceedings are in early stages; matters present legal uncertainties; there are significant facts in dispute; procedural or jurisdictional issues. Loss contingency accruals would be included in accrued and other liabilities and general and administrative expenses. 
 U.S. District Court Proceedings 
 On December 14, 2023, the Company filed suit in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against Somalogic (now known as Standard Biotools, Inc.), and the California Institute of Technology seeking declaratory judgment that the Company does not infringe any claims of US Patent No. 7,842,793 related to DNA origami structures, allegedly licensed from the California Institute of Technology through Somalogic s purchase of Palamedrix, Inc. 
 On March 29, 2024, Somalogic filed a motion to dismiss the suit. On April 19, 2024, the Company filed a First Amended Complaint addressing issues raised in Somalogic s motion to dismiss. On April 22, 2024, the Court issued an order dismissing Somalogic s motion to dismiss as moot. The suit is temporarily stayed based upon a request of the parties. While the Company believes that it will be able to prevail as to its claims in this litigation, the Company may incur significant expense and management distraction in prosecuting this litigation. Moreover, notwithstanding management s belief as to the strength of the Company s claims in this matter, litigation generally, and patent litigation in particular, can be unpredictable. As such, management cannot be certain that the Company will prevail in this litigation. 
 Leases 
 The Company is obligated under certain non-cancellable operating leases for office space and laboratory space. This space includes operating leases in Seattle, Washington, San Carlos, California, and San Diego, California. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 and thereafter 
 Total future minimum lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Total operating lease liabilities 
 16 

Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) 
 (Unaudited) 

million and million, respectively. 
 The Company has million in cash-collateralized letters of credit with one financial institution in lieu of security deposits in connection with the San Carlos and San Diego lease agreements. 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into agreements that may include indemnification provisions. Pursuant to such agreements, the Company may indemnify, hold harmless and defend an indemnified party for losses suffered or incurred by the indemnified party. Some of the provisions will limit losses to those arising from third-party actions. In some cases, the indemnifications will continue after the termination of the agreement. The maximum potential amount of future payments the Company could be required to make under these provisions is not determinable. The Company has never incurred material costs to defend lawsuits or settle claims related to these indemnification provisions. 

9.) Denominator: Weighted average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted: 
 Employee stock purchase plan Total potentially dilutive common share equivalents 
 
 17 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information that our management believes is relevant to an assessment and understanding of Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. s Nautilus or the Company condensed consolidated results of operations and financial condition. The discussion should be read together with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the accompanying notes to those statements that are included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the related notes included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024. This discussion may contain forward-looking statements based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Nautilus actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in the section titled Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A as set forth in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section to Nautilus, we, us, our and other similar terms refer to the business and operations of Legacy Nautilus prior to the Business Combination and to New Nautilus and its consolidated subsidiary following the Business Combination. 
 
 Overview 
 We are a development stage life sciences company creating a platform technology for quantifying and unlocking the complexity of the proteome. Our mission is to transform the field of proteomics by democratizing access to the proteome and enabling fundamental advancements across human health and medicine. We were founded on the belief that incremental advancements of existing technologies are inadequate, and that a bold scientific leap would be required to radically reinvent proteomics and revolutionize precision medicine. Our vision is to integrate our breakthrough innovations in computer science, engineering, and biochemistry to develop and commercialize a proteomic analysis technology of extreme sensitivity and scale. To accomplish this, we have built a prototype of a proteome analysis system, an instrument to perform massively parallel single protein molecule measurements which will be further developed to deliver the speed, simplicity, accuracy, and versatility that we believe is necessary to establish a new gold standard in the field. 
 Since our incorporation in 2016, we have devoted substantially all of our resources to research and development activities, including with respect to our proteomics platform, or Nautilus platform, business planning, establishing and maintaining our intellectual property portfolio, hiring personnel, raising capital and providing general and administrative support for these operations. We do not have any products available for commercial sale, and we have not generated any revenue from our Nautilus platform or other sources since inception. Our ability to generate revenue sufficient to achieve profitability, if ever, will depend on the successful development and eventual commercialization of our Nautilus platform, which we expect, if it ever occurs, will take a number of years. Our Nautilus platform, which includes our end-to-end solution comprised of instruments, consumables, and software analysis, is currently under development and will require significant additional research and development efforts, including extensive testing prior to commercialization. These efforts require significant amounts of additional capital and adequate personnel infrastructure. There can be no assurance that our research and development activities will be successfully completed, or that our Nautilus platform will be commercially viable. 
 In order to commercialize our Nautilus platform in volume, we will need to establish internal manufacturing capacity or to contract with one or more manufacturing partners, or both. Our technology is complex, and the manufacturing process for our products will be similarly complex, involving a large number of unique precision parts in addition to the production of various reagents and antibodies. We may encounter unexpected difficulties in manufacturing our Nautilus platform, instruments, and related consumables. Among other factors, we will need to develop reliable supply chains for the various components in our Nautilus platform, instruments, and consumables to support large-scale commercial production. In connection with our Nautilus platform, we intend to utilize over 300 complex reagents and various antibodies in order to generate deep proteomic information at the speed and scale which we expect our Nautilus platform to perform. Such reagents and antibodies are expected to be more difficult to manufacture and more expensive to procure. There is no assurance that we will be able to build manufacturing or 
 18 

consumable production capacity internally or find one or more suitable manufacturing or production partners, or both, to meet the volume and quality requirements necessary to be successful in the proteomics market. 
 Given our stage of development, we have not yet established a commercial organization or distribution capabilities. We do intend to build a commercial infrastructure to support sales of our products. We expect to manage sales, marketing and distribution through both internal resources and third-party relationships. We plan to commercialize our proteomics platform using a three-phase plan that has been shown to be effective and optimal for introducing disruptive products in numerous life sciences technology markets. The first phase is expected to involve collaboration with biopharmaceutical companies and key opinion leaders to validate the performance and utility of Nautilus product, during which we do not expect to recognize significant revenue, if any. The second phase will include an early access limited release phase in which we expect to recognize limited revenue. Finally, the third phase is anticipated to include a broader commercial launch. We are currently in the collaboration phase during which we have entered into collaborations with a small number of research customers, including with biopharmaceutical companies and key opinion leaders in proteomics whose assessment and validation of our products can significantly influence other researchers in their respective markets and/or fields. During the early access limited release phase, we plan to leverage our publications to drive awareness and customer demand to pre-sell instruments and reagents to select customers performing large-scale proteomics research. During the second phase, we expect to work closely with early access customers to demonstrate a unique value proposition for our Nautilus platform . During this phase, we plan to provide early access to our partners with broad-scale and targeted analyses and profiling of samples analyzed in our facility and shared via a cloud platform. We believe there is significant interest in our platform for targeted proteoform analyses. As such, we expect to be working with our initial early access collaborators in this area, and to leverage our learnings from those collaborations for the benefit of both our broad-scale and targeted products and services. We do not anticipate that these activities will result in any material revenue. We expect this second phase to lead into the third phase of launch of our proteome analysis platform in late 2025 and subsequent broad commercialization thereafter. Voice of customer studies have suggested that there is market demand for a proteomics platform with specifications that are initially lower than what we have previously disclosed, for example, around characteristics such as sample input and proteome coverage. Consequently, as we balance our time to market goals with our evolving view of customer requirements, we are refining our initial launch specifications. We believe that subsequent consumable releases will enable our platform to meet or exceed our previously announced product specifications. 
 We intend to commercialize our Nautilus platform through a direct sales channel in the United States, and through both direct and distributor sales channels in regions outside the United States. Given our stage of development, we currently have limited marketing, sales, commercial product distribution or service and support capabilities. We intend to build the necessary infrastructure for these activities in the United States, European Union, the United Kingdom, and potentially other countries and regions, including Asia-Pacific, as we execute on our three phase commercial launch strategy for our Nautilus platform. 
 On June 9, 2021, Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc., a Delaware corporation (f/k/a ARYA Sciences Acquisition Corp. III, a Cayman Islands exempted company and the Company s predecessor company ARYA )), consummated the business combination (the Business Combination pursuant to the terms of that certain Business Combination Agreement, dated as of February 7, 2021 (the BCA ), by and among ARYA, Mako Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of ARYA Mako Merger Sub ), and Nautilus Subsidiary, Inc., a Delaware corporation (f/k/a Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc.) Legacy Nautilus ). As a result of the Business Combination, ARYA changed its name to Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. and Mako Merger Sub merged with and into Legacy Nautilus with Legacy Nautilus surviving as the surviving company and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of ARYA (the Merger and, collectively with the other transactions described in the BCA, the Reverse Recapitalization ). 
 In addition, in conjunction with the completion of the Business Combination, certain investors PIPE Investors subscribed for the purchase of an aggregate of 20,000,000 shares of common stock of the Company New Nautilus Common Stock at a price of 10.00 per share for aggregate gross proceeds of 200.0 million PIPE Financing ). 
 19 

Prior to the Business Combination, we financed our operations primarily through private placements of convertible preferred stock and had raised aggregate net proceeds of 108.4 million from these private placements. In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination and PIPE Financing, we received additional gross proceeds of approximately 345.5 million from PIPE Investors and the Business Combination, offset by approximately 18.2 million of transaction costs and underwriters fees relating to the closing of the Business Combination. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments of 140.6 million. Based on this, we believe that our existing cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments will enable us to fund our planned operating expenses and capital expenditures through at least the next 12 months. 
 We have incurred significant losses since the commencement of our operations. Our net loss was 53.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and we expect to continue to incur significant losses for the foreseeable future as we continue our research and development activities and planned commercialization of our Nautilus platform. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 255.4 million. These losses have resulted primarily from costs incurred in connection with research and development activities and to a lesser extent from general and administrative costs associated with our operations. We expect to incur significant and increasing expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. Our net losses may fluctuate significantly from period to period, depending on the timing of and expenditures on our planned commercialization and research and development activities. 
 We expect our expenses and capital requirements will increase substantially in connection with our ongoing activities as we: 
 continue our research and development activities, including with respect to our Nautilus platform; 
 undertake activities to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for our Nautilus platform; 
 incur setup costs related to production tooling and required testing; 
 maintain, protect and expand our intellectual property portfolio, including patents, trade secrets and know how; 
 implement operational, financial and management information systems; 
 attract, hire and retain additional management, scientific and administrative personnel; and 
 continue to operate as a public company. 
 As a result, we will require substantial additional funding to develop our products and support our continuing operations. Until such time that we can generate significant revenue from product sales, if ever, we expect to finance our operations through the sale of equity, debt financings or other capital sources, which could include income from collaborations, strategic partnerships or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties or from grants. We may be unable to raise additional funds or to enter into such agreements or arrangements on favorable terms, or at all. Our ability to raise additional funds may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the recent disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from the COVID 19 pandemic, recent and any potential future financial institution failures, the conflicts in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and in other countries, and otherwise. Our failure to obtain sufficient funds on acceptable terms when needed could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations or financial condition, and could force us to delay, reduce or eliminate our product development or future commercialization efforts. We may also be required to grant rights to develop and market products that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. The amount and timing of our future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including the pace and results of our development efforts. We cannot assure you that we will ever be profitable or generate positive cash flow from operating activities. 
 Impact of Negative Global or National Events 
 Businesses have been and will continue to be impacted by a number of challenging global and national events and circumstances that continue to evolve, including extreme weather conditions, economic uncertainty, inflation, 
 20 

changing interest rates, recent and any potential future financial institution failures, and conflicts in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and in other countries. The extent of the impact of these events and circumstances on our business, operations and development timelines and plans remains uncertain, and will depend on certain developments, including the duration and scope of the events and their impact on our development activities, third-party manufacturers, and other third parties with whom we do business, as well as its impact on regulatory authorities and our key scientific and management personnel. We have been and continue to actively monitor the potential impacts that these various events and circumstances may have on our business and we take steps, where warranted, to minimize any potential negative impacts on our business resulting from these events and circumstances. 
 We have been and continue to actively monitor our supply chain in light of these challenging global and national events and circumstances, including our third-party materials suppliers. We have, in the past, experienced some supply disruptions due to the COVID-19 pandemic, including closures at certain chip manufacturers, which led to extended lead times for certain chips; diversion of certain lab materials needed to support COVID-19 relief efforts; and lower availability of certain reagents. While certain of these disruptions have been resolved since the start of the COVID-19 pandemic, we are continuing to monitor our supply chain and contingency planning is ongoing with our partners to reduce the possibility of an interruption to our development activities or the availability of necessary materials. 
 The ultimate impact of these global and national events and circumstances, either individually or in aggregate, is highly uncertain and subject to change. We will continue to actively monitor any developments related to these global and national events, and may take actions to mitigate potential negative impacts to our business, and that may alter our operations, including those that may be required by federal, state or local authorities, or that we determine are in the best interests of our employees and other third parties with whom we do business. At this point, the extent to which these global or national events and circumstances may affect our future business, operations and development timelines and plans, including the resulting impact on our expenditures and capital needs, remains uncertain. 
 
 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 Revenue 
 To date, we have not generated any revenue and we may not generate any revenue from the sale of products or from other sources in the near future. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development Expense 
 Research and development expenses account for a significant portion of our operating expenses and consist primarily of salaries, related benefits and stock-based compensation expense of product development personnel, laboratory supplies and equipment, depreciation and amortization, external costs of vendors engaged to conduct research and development activities, and allocated expenses for technology and facilities. We expense research and development expenses in the periods in which they are incurred. 
 We plan to continue to invest in our research and development efforts and to increase our investment in research and development efforts related to our product development. As a result, we expect research and development expenses to increase in absolute dollars as we continue to advance our product development, hire additional personnel and retain existing personnel, purchase supplies and materials and allocate expense to our research and development facilities. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist of salaries, related benefits, and stock-based compensation expense for personnel in executive, operations, legal, human resources, finance, marketing, commercial, IT personnel and administrative functions, professional fees for legal, patent, consulting, accounting and audit services, directors and 
 21 

officers insurance, allocated expenses for technology and facilities, loss contingency accruals, and marketing expenses. We expense general and administrative expenses in the periods in which they are incurred. 
 We expect that our general and administrative expenses will increase substantially over the next several years as we hire additional personnel to support the growth in research and development activities for our products and commercial activities supporting the growth of our business, including sales, marketing, service, support, and distribution infrastructure. We also anticipate that we will incur higher expenses related to accounting, audit, legal, regulatory, insurance, compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, Sarbanes-Oxley Act and those of any national securities exchange on which our securities are traded, investor and public relations, and other administrative and professional services. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income (expense) consists primarily of interest income on our cash, cash equivalents and investments, including accretion and amortization of discounts and premiums on marketable debt securities. Other miscellaneous non-recurring expenses such as gains or losses on disposal of property and equipment are also included. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table shows our condensed consolidated statements of operations for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change ) Change ) 2024 2023 (in thousands) Operating expenses Research and development 12,288 11,996 292 2 General and administrative 6,812 7,079 (267) (4) Total operating expenses 19,100 19,075 25 Other income (expense) Interest income 2,674 3,197 (523) (16) Other expense (20) (20) n/a Total other income 2,654 3,197 (543) (17) Net loss (16,446) (15,878) (568) 4 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses were 12.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 12.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 0.3 million, or 2 . The increase was due to a 0.3 million increase in salaries, related benefits, and stock-based compensation and a 0.2 million increase in cost for external development services. These increases are attributable to increased headcount and continued development during the period. These increases were partially offset by a 0.1 million decrease in laboratory supplies and equipment expense and a 0.1 million decrease in professional services costs. 
 General and Administrative Expense s 
 General and administrative expenses were 6.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 7.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 0.3 million, or 4 . The decrease was due to a 0.4 million decrease in salaries, related benefits, and stock-based compensation, attributable to reduced incentive compensation costs during the period and a 0.1 million decrease in marketing costs. These decreases were partially offset by a 0.2 million increase in professional services attributable to legal and general consulting fees, and a 0.1 million increase in facilities cost. 
 22 

Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income (expense) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is attributable to the decrease in interest income as our cash, cash equivalents, and investments balance decreased during the period. 
 
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table shows our condensed consolidated statements of operations for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Change ) Change ) 2024 2023 (in thousands) Operating expenses Research and development 37,654 34,785 2,869 8 General and administrative 23,842 21,366 2,476 12 Total operating expenses 61,496 56,151 5,345 10 Other income (expense) Interest income 8,349 9,517 (1,168) (12) Other expense (39) (17) (22) 129 Total other income 8,310 9,500 (1,190) (13) Net loss (53,186) (46,651) (6,535) 14 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses were 37.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 34.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 2.9 million, or 8 . The increase was due to a 2.0 million increase in salaries, related benefits, and stock-based compensation, and a 0.9 million increase in laboratory supplies and equipment expense attributable to increased headcount during the period. Also contributing to the increase was a 0.2 million increase in facilities costs attributable to a new lease that commenced in March 2023, and a 0.2 million increase in depreciation attributable to the growth in laboratory and prototype equipment balances. These increases were partially offset by a 0.6 million decrease in professional services as more development efforts were performed by the Company. 
 General and Administrative Expense s 
 General and administrative expenses were 23.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 21.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 2.5 million, or 12 . The increase was due to a a 1.0 million increase in professional services attributable to legal and general consulting fees, a 0.7 million increase in salaries, related benefits, and stock-based compensation attributable to increased headcount during the period, a 0.5 million increase in professional services from fees related to the shelf registration statement filed during the period, and a 0.3 million increase in facilities cost. These increases were partially offset by a 0.3 million decrease in insurance costs. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 Other income (expense) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is attributable to the decrease in interest income as our cash, cash equivalents, and investments balance decreased during the period. 
 23 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Since our inception, we have not generated any revenue from product sales and have incurred significant operating losses and negative cash flows from our operations. Our net loss was 53.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 255.4 million. Prior to the Business Combination, we funded our operations primarily with proceeds from the sale of convertible preferred stock. Prior to the Business Combination, we had raised net proceeds of 108.4 million from these private placements of our convertible preferred stock. In June 2021, in conjunction with the consummation of the Business Combination with ARYA, we received additional gross proceeds of approximately 345.5 million from PIPE Investors and the Business Combination, offset by approximately 18.2 million of transaction costs and underwriters fees relating to the closing of the Business Combination. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of 221.2 million. 
 Our primary uses of cash to date have been to fund our research and development activities, business planning, establishing and maintaining our intellectual property portfolio, hiring personnel, raising capital, and providing general and administrative support for these operations. 
 In February 2024, we entered into a sales agreement (the Sales Agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC TD Cowen under which we may offer and sell up to 125.0 million of shares of our common stock from time to time through an at the market offering program under which TD Cowen will act as sales agent. Under the Sales Agreement, we set the parameters for the sale of shares, including the number or dollar amount of shares to be issued, the time period during which sales are requested to be made, limitations on the number or dollar amount of shares that may be sold in any one trading day and any minimum price below which sales may not be made. The Sales Agreement provides that TD Cowen will be entitled to compensation for its services in an amount equal to up to 3.0 of the gross proceeds of all shares of common stock sold through TD Cowen under the Sales Agreement. We have no obligation to sell any shares under the Sales Agreement and may at any time suspend solicitation and offers under the Sales Agreement. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we did not sell any shares of common stock pursuant to the sales agreement. 
 Funding Requirements 
 To date, we have not generated any revenue and we may not generate any revenue from the sale of products or from other sources in the near future. We expect our expenses and capital requirements will increase substantially in connection with our ongoing activities as we: 
 continue our research and development activities, including with respect to our Nautilus platform; 
 undertake activities to establish sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for our Nautilus platform; 
 incur setup costs related to production tooling and required testing; 
 maintain, protect and expand our intellectual property portfolio, including patents, trade secrets and know how; 
 implement operational, financial and management information systems; 
 attract, hire and retain additional management, scientific and administrative personnel; and 
 continue to operate as a public company. 
 Based on our planned operations, we expect our current cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments will be sufficient to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditures for at least the next 12 months. We continue to face challenges and uncertainties and, as a result, our available capital resources may be consumed more rapidly than currently expected due to: delays in execution of our development plans; the scope and timing of our investment in our sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities; changes we may make to the business that affect ongoing 
 24 

operating expenses; the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights; changes we may make in our business or commercialization strategy; changes we may make in our research and development spending plans; our need to implement additional infrastructure and internal systems; the impact of global and national conflicts or other disruptions; and other items affecting our forecasted level of expenditures and use of cash resources including potential acquisitions. 
 Until such time as we can generate significant revenue from commercialization of our products, if ever, we will continue to require substantial additional capital to develop our Nautilus platform and fund operations for the foreseeable future. We intend to obtain such capital through public or private equity offerings or debt financings (including potential sales under the Sales Agreement), credit or loan facilities or a combination of one or more of these funding sources. We may also seek additional financing opportunistically. We may be unable to raise additional funds on favorable terms or at all. Our ability to raise additional funds may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the recent disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from the COVID 19 pandemic, recent and any potential future financial institution failures, the conflicts in Eastern Europe, the Middle East and in other countries, and otherwise. Our failure to raise additional capital, if needed, would have a negative impact on our financial condition and our ability to execute our business plan. 
 Our expected future capital requirements depend on many factors including expansion of our product portfolio and the timing and extent of spending on sales and marketing and the development of our technology. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, including any issuances pursuant to our at the market equity offering program under our Sales Agreement with TD Cowen, our stockholders will experience dilution. Any future debt financing into which we enter may impose upon us additional covenants that restrict our operations, including limitations on our ability to incur liens or additional debt, pay dividends, repurchase our common stock, make certain investments and engage in certain merger, consolidation or asset sale transactions. Any debt financing or additional equity that we raise may contain terms that are not favorable to us or our stockholders. 
 Historical Cash Flows 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net cash used in operating activities (44,836) (37,811) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 29,144 (2,675) Net cash provided by financing activities 704 115 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (14,988) (40,371) 
 Operating Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in operating activities was 44.8 million, resulting from our net loss of 53.2 million and decrease in net changes in assets and liabilities aggregating 3.9 million. Net cash used in operating activities was partially offset by non-cash charges aggregating 12.2 million, which included 9.6 million of stock-based compensation, 3.3 million of amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets, and 1.5 million of depreciation. These non-cash charges were partially offset by 2.2 million of net accretion of discounts on securities. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in operating activities was 37.8 million, resulting from our net loss of 46.7 million and decrease in net changes in assets and liabilities aggregating 2.3 million. Net cash used in operating activities was partially offset by non-cash charges aggregating 11.1 million, which included 9.1 million of stock-based compensation, 2.8 million amortization of operating lease right-of-use 
 25 

assets, and 1.3 million of depreciation . These non-cash charges were partially offset by 2.0 million of net accretion of discounts on securities. 
 Investing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by investing activities was 29.1 million, resulting from 90.4 million in proceeds from the maturity of securities, partially offset by 59.4 million in purchases of securities and 1.9 million in purchases of property and equipment. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash used in investing activities was 2.7 million, resulting from 51.9 million in purchases of securities and 2.0 million in purchases of property and equipment, partially offset by 51.2 million in proceeds from maturities of securities. 
 Financing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, cash provided by financing activities was comprised of 0.7 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options and the issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, cash provided by financing activities was comprised of 0.1 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options and the issuance of common stock under the employee stock purchase plan. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 For a discussion of our contractual obligations and commitments, refer to Part I, Item 1, Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies, in our notes to condensed consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations are based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and expenses. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis, and base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for the judgments we make about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Because these estimates can vary depending on the situation, actual results may differ from these estimates. Making estimates and judgments about future events is inherently unpredictable and is subject to significant uncertainties, some of which are beyond our control. Should any of these estimates and assumptions change or prove to have been incorrect, it could have a material impact on our results of operations, financial position and statement of cash flows. 
 Other than the policies noted in Part I, Item 1, Note 2, Significant Accounting Policies, in our notes to condensed consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, there have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates as compared to those disclosed in our audited financial statements as of and for the years ended December 31, 2023 and 2022. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For a description of recent accounting pronouncements, including the expected dates of adoption and estimated effects, if any, on our condensed consolidated financial statements, see Part I, Item 1, Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies in our notes to condensed consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 26 

Emerging Growth Company Accounting Election 
 The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act, permits an emerging growth company such as us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to use this extended transition period under the JOBS Act until the earlier of the date we (i) are no longer an emerging growth company or (ii) affirmatively and irrevocably opt out of the extended transition period provided in the JOBS Act. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to the financial statements of issuers who are required to comply with the effective dates for new or revised accounting standards that are applicable to public companies, which may make comparison of our financials to those of other public companies more difficult. 
 We will cease to be an emerging growth company on the date that is the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenue of 1.235 billion or more, (ii) the last day of our fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the date of the closing of ARYA s initial public offering, (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in nonconvertible debt during the previous three years or (iv) the date on which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 Further, even after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company, which would allow us to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements, including reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. We cannot predict if investors will find our common shares less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common shares less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common shares and our share price may be more volatile. 
 27 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Our market risk exposure is primarily a result of fluctuations in interest rates and inflation. We do not hold or issue financial instruments for trading purposes. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We had cash, cash equivalents and investments of 221.2 million as of September 30, 2024. The primary goals of our investment policy are liquidity and capital preservation. We do not enter into investments for trading or speculative purposes. The carrying amount of our cash equivalents reasonably approximates fair value, due to the short maturities of these instruments. Our investments are exposed to market risk due to a fluctuation in interest rates, which may affect the fair market value of our investments in marketable debt securities. As of September 30, 2024, the effect of a hypothetical 1.00 (100 basis point) change in interest rates would have changed the fair value of our marketable debt securities by 1.6 million. Such change would only be realized if we sold the marketable debt securities prior to maturity. 
 Inflation Risk 
 Inflation generally affects us by increasing our cost of labor and goods and services. We believe that inflation has had some effect on our financial results during the periods presented. If we experience continued or future inflationary pressure, it may impact the costs of our operations as well as the costs to manufacture, sell and distribute our products and provide our services in the future. We may not be able to fully offset those increased costs through reduced spending or price increases to our products and services. 
 
 28 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable and not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on the Effectiveness of Controls 
 Control systems, no matter how well conceived and operated, are designed to provide a reasonable, but not an absolute, level of assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Because of the inherent limitations in any control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 29 

PART II: OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 U.S. District Court Proceedings 
 On December 14, 2023, we filed suit in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California (the Court against Somalogic, Inc. (Somalogic) which recently merged with and is now part of Standard Biotools, Inc., and the California Institute of Technology. This suit sought declaratory judgment that Nautilus does not infringe any claims of US Patent No. 7,842,793 related to DNA origami structures (the 793 Patent), which Somalogic had allegedly licensed from the California Institute of Technology through its purchase of Palamedrix, Inc. On March 29, 2024, Somalogic filed a motion to dismiss the suit. On April 19, 2024, Nautilus filed a First Amended Complaint addressing issues raised in Somalogic s motion to dismiss. On April 22, 2024, the Court issued an order dismissing Somalogic s motion to dismiss as moot.The suit is temporarily stayed based upon a request of the parties. 
 Other Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may become involved in various claims and legal proceedings. Regardless of outcome, litigation and other legal and administrative proceedings can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources and other factors. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 You should consider carefully the following information about the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in our other public filings, in evaluating our business. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition, results of operations, and future growth prospects would likely be materially and adversely affected. In these circumstances, the market price of our common stock would likely decline. 
 Summary Risk Factors 
 Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties that you should consider before investing in our company, as more fully described below. The principal factors and uncertainties that make investing in our company risky include, among others: 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We are a development stage company that has incurred net losses in every period to date, has not yet commercialized any products, and expects to continue to incur significant losses as we develop our business. 
 Our business is entirely dependent on the successful development and commercialization of our proteomics platform (the Nautilus platform ), which remains in the development stage and could be subject to delays, technical challenges and market acceptance challenges. 
 We may not compete successfully with our initial or future products in the highly competitive life sciences technology market. 
 We are dependent upon third parties for certain aspects of the development and commercialization of the Nautilus platform. 
 Our business depends significantly on research and development spending by pharmaceutical companies as well as by academic institutions and other research institutions and any reduction in spending could limit demand for our products. 
 30 

We may not be able to launch our Nautilus platform successfully and even if it is successful, we may experience material delays in our commercialization program relative to current expectations. 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly in the future, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or our guidance. 
 We may need to raise additional capital to fund our development and commercialization plans. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 We may be unable to obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our products and technology, or if the scope of our intellectual property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property and proprietary rights throughout the world. 
 Risks Related to Litigation 
 We may become involved in litigation to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, or to defend ourselves from claims that we infringe the intellectual property rights of others. 
 We may face liability and/or negative publicity for any unknown defects or errors in our products. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Compliance Matters 
 Our products may, in the future, be subject to regulation by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. 
 We are currently subject to, and may in the future become subject to additional, U.S. federal and state laws and regulations, as well as the laws and regulations of other countries, relating to how we collect, store and process personal information. 
 Future expansion of our development and commercialization activities outside of the United States, may subject us to an increased risk of inadvertently conducting activities in a manner that violates the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws. 
 Environmental and health safety laws, including any failure to comply with such laws, may result in liabilities, expenses and restrictions on our operations. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, distributors and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 Risks Related to our Operations 
 We may experience a significant disruption in our information technology systems or breaches of data security. 
 We are highly dependent on our key personnel, and if we are unable to recruit and retain key executives and scientists, we may not be able to achieve our goals. 
 Our operations and financial results could be adversely impacted by global and national events, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, conflicts in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, and general economic downturns. 
 Global supply chain interruptions may negatively impact the development and commercialization of our products. 

31 

Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 The price of and market for our Common Stock may be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors and/or an inability to readily trade in our Common Stock. 
 We will have broad discretion over the use of the proceeds to us from our at the market equity offering program and may apply the proceeds to uses that do not improve our operating results or the value of your securities. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We will continue to incur significant increased costs and management resources as a result of operating as a public company. 
 Reports published by analysts, including projections in those reports that differ from our actual results, could adversely affect the price and trading volume of our common shares. 
 Our ability to timely and accurately report our financial results and projections as a public company may be impacted by the effectiveness of our internal controls, and our estimates and judgments relating to critical accounting policies. 
 Our risk factors are not guarantees that no such conditions exist as of the date of this report and should not be interpreted as an affirmative statement that such risks or conditions have not materialized, in whole or in part. 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 We are a development stage company that has incurred net losses in every period to date, has not yet commercialized any products, and expects to continue to incur significant losses as we develop our business. We may never achieve profitability. 
 We are a development stage company that has incurred net losses in each quarterly and annual period since inception and that has not yet generated any revenue. We expect to incur increasing costs as we continue to devote substantially all of our resources towards the development and anticipated future commercialization of our Nautilus platform, which includes our end-to-end solution comprised of instruments, consumables, and software analysis. We cannot be certain if we will ever generate revenue or if or when we will produce sufficient revenue from operations to support our costs. Even if profitability is achieved, we may not be able to sustain profitability. We incurred net losses of 16.4 million and 53.2 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively and 15.9 million and 46.7 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 255.4 million. These losses and accumulated deficit were primarily due to the substantial investments we made in the scientific and technological development of our Nautilus platform. We expect to incur substantial losses and negative cash flows for the foreseeable future. In addition, as a public company, we will continue to incur significant legal, accounting, and other expenses. These increased expenses will make it harder for us to achieve and sustain future profitability. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, many of which are beyond our control, including the other risks described in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Our business is entirely dependent on the success of our Nautilus platform, which remains in the development stage and subject to scientific and technical validation. If we are unable to develop and commercialize our Nautilus platform successfully and in a manner that provides currently anticipated functionality and levels of performance, we may never be able to recognize any revenue, and our business, operating results, and financial condition will suffer. 
 Our future success is entirely dependent on our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our Nautilus platform, which is based on innovative yet complex and unproven technologies and which is anticipated to be used in demanding scientific research that requires substantial levels of accuracy and precision. We are investing substantially all of our management efforts and financial resources in the development and commercialization of our Nautilus platform, which remains in the development stage and subject to scientific and technical validation. Additionally, in developing our platform technology, we currently rely on co-development partners to assist us in the 
 32 

development of certain component technologies in our platform. We have experienced difficulties with some of these partners successfully delivering these component technologies on time and to our specifications, and these partners may not be successful in delivering these component technologies on time, to our specifications, or at all, in the future, which could have an adverse impact on our ability to meet our development timelines, and/or our products level of currently anticipated functionality and performance. While our goal is to leverage our Nautilus p latform to comprehensively measure the human proteome, the human proteome is dynamic and far more complex and diverse in structure, composition and number of variants than either the genome or transcriptome. If we cannot successfully complete platform development, if we are unable to achieve our goals for mapping the proteome, if our products fail to deliver currently anticipated functionality and levels of performance, if our products are found by a court of law to infringe the intellectual property of another party, or if we are unable to obtain broad scientific and market acceptance of our products and technologies, we may never recognize material revenue and may be unable to continue our operations. 
 We have not yet commercially launched our Nautilus platform. We may not be able to launch our Nautilus platform successfully and even if it is successful, we may experience material delays in our commercialization program relative to current expectations. 
 We anticipate commercializing our Nautilus platform in three phases involving first collaboration with biopharmaceutical companies and key opinion leaders to validate the performance and utility of our product, during which we do not expect to recognize significant revenue, if any; secondly an early access limited release phase in which we expect to recognize limited revenue; and finally a broader commercial launch phase. We are currently in the collaboration phase during which we have entered into collaborations with a small number of research customers, including with biopharmaceutical companies and key opinion leaders in proteomics whose assessment and validation of our products can significantly influence other researchers in their respective markets and/or fields. During the second, early access phase, we expect to work closely with early access customers to demonstrate a unique value proposition for our Nautilus platform. During this phase, we plan to provide early access to our partners with broad-scale and targeted analyses and profiling of samples analyzed in our facility and shared via a cloud platform. We believe there is significant interest in our platform for targeted proteoform analyses. As such, we expect to be working with our initial early access collaborators in this area, and to leverage our learnings from those collaborations for the benefit of both our broad-scale and targeted products and services. We do not anticipate that these activities will result in any material revenue. We expect this second phase to lead into the third phase of launch of our proteome analysis platform in late 2025 and subsequent broad commercialization thereafter. Voice of customer studies have suggested that there is market demand for a proteomics platform with specifications that are initially lower than what we have previously disclosed, for example, around characteristics such as sample input and proteome coverage. Consequently, as we balance our time to market goals with our evolving view of customer requirements, we are refining our initial launch specifications. We believe that subsequent consumable releases will enable our platform to meet or exceed our previously announced product specifications. 
 Achieving the scientific and commercial objectives identified above within currently anticipated timelines will require substantial investments in our technologies and in the underlying science. Scientific and technological development of the nature being undertaken by us is extraordinarily complex, and there can be no assurances that any of these phases of commercial development will be successful or that they will be completed within the timelines currently anticipated. Given the scientific and technical complexity of our products, we could experience material delays in product development and commercial launch. If our research and product development efforts do not result in commercially viable products within the anticipated timelines, our business, operating results, and financial condition will be adversely affected. 
 The commercialization of our products will require us to establish relationships and successfully collaborate with leading life science companies and research institutions, initially to test and validate our products and subsequently as we seek to expand the markets for our products. We may be unable to establish sufficient collaborations of this nature, and such collaborations could result in agreements that limit or otherwise impair our flexibility to pursue other strategic opportunities. 
 As noted above, establishing collaborations and partnerships with large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies and with major research institutions is a material element of our commercialization strategy. While early 
 33 

collaborations are expected to focus on the assessment and validation of our Nautilus platform with a focus in part on publication of results in peer-reviewed scientific journals, we also intend to pursue additional, potentially revenue-generating collaborations in areas of biological interest. Among other examples, we may pursue collaborations relating to the development and commercialization of therapeutic product candidates targeting proteins identified by our Nautilus platform. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be successful in developing or maintaining collaborations or that, if established, these collaborations will achieve the desired objectives. Establishing collaborations is difficult and time-consuming. Discussions may not lead to collaborations on favorable terms, if at all, and particularly where we are negotiating against major pharmaceutical companies, we may have relatively less leverage in negotiating favorable terms. To the extent we agree to work exclusively with a party in a given field, our opportunities to collaborate with others in that field would be limited. Certain parties may seek to partner with other companies in addition to us in connection with a project. This, in turn, may limit the commercial potential of any products that are the subject of such collaborations. Potential collaborators may elect not to work with us based upon their assessment of our financial, regulatory, commercial or intellectual property position. 
 Even if we are successful in entering into collaborations, the success of such collaborations will depend heavily on the efforts and activities of our collaborators. 
 Scientific collaborations of the nature we propose to pursue are subject to numerous risks, including that: 
 collaborators may have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to a specific project; 
 collaborators may not pursue development and commercialization of products or may elect not to continue or renew development or commercialization programs based on trial or test results, changes in their strategic focus due to the acquisition of competitive products, availability of funding, or other external factors such as a business combination that diverts resources or creates competing priorities; 
 collaborators may own intellectual property covering products that result from our collaboration with them, and in such cases, we would not have the right to develop or commercialize such intellectual property; 
 collaborators may co-own intellectual property covering products that result from our collaboration with them, and in such cases, we would not have the right to exclude others from developing or commercializing such intellectual property; 
 collaborators could independently develop, or develop with third parties, products that compete directly or indirectly with product candidates that are being developed under the collaboration with us; 
 a collaborator with marketing, manufacturing, and distribution rights to one or more products may not commit sufficient resources to or otherwise not perform satisfactorily in carrying out these activities; 
 we could grant exclusive rights to our collaborators that would prevent us from collaborating with others; 
 collaborators may not properly maintain or defend our intellectual property rights or may use our intellectual property or proprietary information in a way that gives rise to actual or threatened litigation that could jeopardize or invalidate our intellectual property or proprietary information or expose us to potential liability; 
 disputes may arise between us and a collaborator that cause the delay or termination of the research, development, or commercialization of products or that result in costly litigation or arbitration that diverts management attention and resources; 
 collaborations may be terminated, and, if terminated, in addition to reducing our revenue, may reduce exposure to research and clinical trials that facilitate the collection and incorporation of new information into our platform; and 
 34 

a collaborator s sales and marketing activities or other operations may not be in compliance with applicable laws resulting in civil or criminal proceedings. 
 In addition, before obtaining marketing approval from regulatory authorities for the sale of product candidates subject to future collaborations, our collaborators must conduct extensive clinical trials to demonstrate the safety and efficacy of the product candidates. If clinical trials of product candidates resulting from collaborations are prolonged or delayed, collaborators may be unable to obtain required regulatory approvals and therefore be unable to commercialize product candidates on a timely basis or at all, which may have a material impact on the revenue recognized from such collaborations. 
 Even if we are able to complete development of our Nautilus platform, we may not achieve or maintain significant commercial market acceptance. 
 Even if we are able to complete development of our Nautilus platform, the platform will be subject to market forces and adoption curves common to new technologies. The market for novel proteomics technologies and products like those being developed by us is in the early stages of development. While these technologies present the potential to displace legacy products, changing long-standing scientific workflows with new instruments requiring substantial capital expenditures will require us to invest substantial financial and management resources to educate potential customers on the benefits of our Nautilus platform relative to existing technologies and to validate our Nautilus platform s ability to meet customer requirements. In that regard, we anticipate that our initial market focus will be pharmaceutical development and associated research, which are characterized by demanding and exacting requirements for product performance and accuracy. If widespread adoption of our Nautilus platform takes longer than anticipated or does not occur, our business will be materially and adversely affected. 
 More specifically, the successful introduction of new technologies in life science markets requires substantial engagement with the scientific community in order to encourage community acceptance of the utility, performance, and cost of the technology relative to its benefits in the applicable field or fields of research. The life sciences scientific community is often led by a small number of early adopters and key opinion leaders who significantly influence the larger community through publications in peer-reviewed journals. In these journal publications, the researchers describe not only their discoveries but also the methods and typically the products used to fuel these discoveries. We expect that references to the use of our Nautilus p latform in peer-reviewed journal publications will be critical to our ability to obtain widespread acceptance within the scientific community. In addition, continuing collaborative relationships with key opinion leaders will be vital to maintaining any market acceptance we achieve. If too few researchers describe the use of our products, too many researchers shift to a competing product and publish research outlining their use of that product, or too many researchers negatively describe the use of our products in publications, customers may be less willing to engage with us concerning our products, which could materially delay our commercialization plan and/or substantially extend our sales cycles. Moreover, these customers may ultimately be less willing to purchase our products, which would adversely affect our business and future revenue. 
 Specific, material factors that will influence our ability to achieve market acceptance include the following: 
 the ability of our marketing and engagement initiatives to increase awareness of the capabilities of our Nautilus platform; 
 the ability of our Nautilus platform to demonstrate reliable performance in intended use applications, in particular, when the platform is used by customers in their own research; 
 our ability to demonstrate that the functionality and performance of our Nautilus platform relative to alternative products and technologies justifies the substantial anticipated cost of the platform; 
 the willingness of prospective customers to adopt new products and workflows; 
 the ease of use of our Nautilus platform and whether it reliably provides significant advantages over alternative products and technologies; 
 35 

the rate of adoption of our Nautilus platform by biopharmaceutical companies, laboratories, academic institutions and others; 
 the prices at which we will be able to sell our Nautilus platform instruments and consumables; 
 our ability to develop new products, workflows, and solutions that meet customer requirements; 
 the introduction or development and commercialization by competitors of new products or enhancements to existing products with functionality and/or performance similar to our Nautilus platform; and 
 the impact of our investments in product innovation and commercial growth. 
 We cannot assure you that we will be successful in addressing any of these criteria or any additional criteria that might affect the market acceptance of our products. If we are unsuccessful in achieving and maintaining market acceptance of our Nautilus p latform, our business, financial condition and results of operations would be adversely affected. 
 We have no experience in manufacturing our products at commercial scale. If we are unable to establish manufacturing capacity by ourselves or with partners in a timely manner after completing development, commercialization of our Nautilus platform would be delayed, which would result in lost revenue and harm our business. 
 In order for us to commercialize our Nautilus p latform in volume, we will need to establish internal manufacturing capacity or to contract with one or more manufacturing partners, or both. Our technology is complex, and the manufacturing process for our products will be similarly complex, involving a large number of unique precision parts in addition to the production of various reagents and antibodies. We may encounter unexpected difficulties in manufacturing our Nautilus p latform, including our proteome analysis system and related consumables. Among other factors, we will need to develop reliable supply chains for the various components in our platform instruments and consumables to support large-scale commercial production. In connection with our Nautilus p latform, we may utilize long lead time instrument system components, such as cameras and lasers, and as a result, it may impact our ability to consistently source such components. Additionally, we intend to utilize over 300 complex reagents and various antibodies in order to generate deep proteomic information at the speed and scale which we expect our Nautilus p latform to perform. Such reagents and antibodies are expected to be more difficult to manufacture and more expensive to procure. There are no assurances that we will be able to build manufacturing or consumable production capacity internally or find one or more suitable manufacturing or production partners, or both, to meet the volume and quality requirements necessary to be successful in the proteomics market. In addition, in connection with establishing third party relationships or sourcing component supplies, including with respect to instrument components, reagents and antibodies, we may incur costs that are higher than currently expected and that may adversely affect our gross margins and operating results following commercialization. Assuming we complete development of our Nautilus p latform, we may experience manufacturing and product quality issues as we increase the scale of our production. Any delay or inability in establishing or expanding our manufacturing capacity could diminish our ability to develop or sell our products, result in increased or unanticipated costs, result in lost revenue, and seriously harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we are unable to establish an effective commercial organization, including effective distribution channels and sales and marketing functions, we may not be successful in commercializing our Nautilus platform. 
 We are only beginning to establish an internal organization focused specifically on the commercialization of our Nautilus platform. Our initial hiring has focused on senior commercial leadership, and although this leadership has considerable industry experience, in order to achieve substantial revenue growth and profitability, we will be required to develop sales, marketing, distribution, customer service, and customer support capabilities. Staffing of these functions will frequently require individuals with the requisite technical and scientific expertise to establish and support sales of a sophisticated and complex platform for life sciences experimentation. We will be required to expend substantial financial resources to hire personnel and develop our commercial operations prior to commercial launch of our Nautilus platform. Accordingly, these initiatives will adversely affect our operating expenses prior to us having material off-setting revenue, if any. 
 36 

To develop these functions successfully, we will face a number of additional risks, including: 
 our ability to attract, retain, and manage the sales, marketing, customer service, and customer support force necessary to commercialize and gain market acceptance for our technology, with the additional challenge that many of these new hires will require specific scientific and technological expertise that may be more difficult to find; and 
 the time and cost of establishing a specialized sales, marketing and customer service and support force. 
 In addition to our internal organization, we may seek to enlist one or more third parties to assist with sales, distribution, and customer service and support globally or in certain regions of the world. In certain markets, we could seek to establish partnerships with larger market participants to provide access to their distribution channels and which could also involve scientific or technological collaboration. There is no guarantee, if we do seek to enter into any of these arrangements, that we will be successful in attracting desirable partners or that we will be able to enter into such arrangements on commercially favorable terms. If our commercialization efforts, or those of any third-party partners, are not successful, our Nautilus p latform may not gain market acceptance, which could materially impact our business and results of operations. 
 The size of the markets for our Nautilus platform may be smaller than estimated, and new market opportunities may not develop as quickly as we expect, or at all, limiting our ability to successfully sell our products. 
 The market for proteomics technologies and products is evolving, making it difficult to predict with any accuracy the size of the markets for our current and future products, including our Nautilus platform . Our estimates of the total addressable market for our current and future products, including with respect to the proteomics market, the diagnostic market, and the mass spectrometry market, are based on a number of internal and third-party estimates and assumptions. In particular, our estimates are based on our expectations that researchers in the market for certain life sciences research tools and technologies will view our products as competitive alternatives to, or better options than, existing tools and technologies. We also expect researchers will recognize the ability of our products to complement, enhance and enable new applications of their current tools and technologies. We expect them to recognize the value proposition offered by our products enough to purchase our products in addition to the tools and technologies they already own. Underlying each of these expectations are a number of estimates and assumptions that may be incorrect, including the assumptions that government or other sources of funding will continue to be available to life sciences researchers at times and in amounts necessary to allow them to purchase our products and that researchers have sufficient samples and an unmet need for performing proteomics studies at scale across thousands of samples. In addition, sales of new products into new market opportunities may take years to develop and mature and we cannot be certain that these market opportunities will develop as we expect. New life sciences technology may not be adopted until the consistency and accuracy of such technology, method or device has been proven. As a result, the sizes of the annual total addressable market for new markets and new products are even more difficult to predict. Our product is an innovative new product, and while we draw comparisons between the evolution and growth of the genomics market, the proteomics market may develop more slowly or differently. In addition, our Nautilus platform may not impact the field of proteomics in the same manner or degree, or within the same time frame, that NGS technologies have impacted the field of genomics, or at all. While we believe our assumptions and the data underlying our estimates of the total addressable market for our products are reasonable, these assumptions and estimates may not be correct and the conditions supporting our assumptions or estimates, or those underlying the third-party data we have used, may change at any time, thereby reducing the accuracy of our estimates. As a result, our estimates of the total addressable market for our products may be incorrect. 
 The future growth of the market for our current and future products depends on many factors beyond our control, including recognition and acceptance of our products by the scientific community and the growth, prevalence and costs of competing products and solutions. Such recognition and acceptance may not occur in the near term, or at all. If the markets for our current and future products are smaller than estimated or do not develop as we expect, our growth may be limited and our business, financial condition and operational results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 37 

We are dependent on single source suppliers for some of the components and materials used in our Nautilus platform, and the loss of any of these suppliers could harm our business. 
 We rely on single source suppliers for certain components and materials used in our Nautilus platform , including our click-reagent modified oligos, glass or silicon that is nano-fabricated into our biochips and high-speed stage used in the instrument. The loss of any of these single source suppliers would require us to expend significant time and effort to locate and qualify an alternative source of supply for these components. Though we do not c urrently have contracts for third parties to provide manufacturing capabilities for each component of our Nautilus platform for which we expect to employ such third party manufacturers , if we are successful in reaching the point of manufacturing our products for commercialization, we may rely on a single company for such manufacturing. Any contractual disputes between us and such manufacturer or loss of manufacturing ability by such manufacturer could similarly require significant time, effort and expense to locate and qualify an alternative source of manufacturing, which could materially harm our business. 
 We also rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third-party manufacturers and, in many cases, single third-party manufacturers for the production of certain reagents and antibodies needed to generate the deep proteomic information at the speed and scale which we expect our Nautilus platform to perform. With respect to any antibodies or reagents that are single sourced, the loss of any suppliers would require significant time and effort to locate and qualify an alternative source of supply. Such reagents and antibodies may also become scarce, more expensive to procure, or not meet quality standards, and we may not be able to obtain favorable terms in agreements with suppliers. Given their complexity, our suppliers may not be able to provide these reagents and antibodies in a cost-effective manner or in a time frame that is consistent with our expected future needs. If our suppliers cease or interrupt production or if suppliers fail to supply materials, products or services to us for any reason, such interruption could delay development, or interrupt the commercial supply, with the potential for additional costs and lost revenue. If this were to occur, we might also need to seek alternative means to fulfill our manufacturing needs. Any such transition would require significant efforts in testing and validation and could result in delays or other issues, which could materially harm our business. 
 The life sciences technology market is highly competitive. If we fail to compete effectively, our business and results of operation will suffer. 
 We face significant competition in the life sciences technology market. We currently compete with technology and diagnostic companies tha t supply components, products, and services to customers engaged in proteomics analysis. These companies include Agilent Technologies; Becton, Dickinson and Company; Bruker Corporation; Danaher; Luminex; Olink Proteomics; Quanterix; Standard Biotools (formerly known as Somalogic); Quantum-Si; and Thermo Fisher Scientific. We also compete with a number of emerging companies that are developing proteomic products and solut ions. 
 Some of our current competitors are large publicly-traded companies, or are divisions of large publicly-traded companies, and enjoy a number of competitive advantages over us, including: 
 greater name and brand recognition; 
 greater financial and human resources; 
 broader product lines; 
 larger sales forces and more established distributor networks; 
 substantial intellectual property portfolios; 
 larger and more established customer bases and relationships; and 
 better established, larger scale and lower cost manufacturing capabilities. 
 We cannot assure investors that our products will compete favorably or that we will be successful in the face of increasing competition from products and technologies introduced by our existing or future competitors or by 
 38 

companies entering our markets or that are developed by our customers internally. In addition, we cannot assure investors that our competitors do not have or will not develop products or technologies that currently or in the future will enable them to produce competitive products with superior functionality or performance or at lower costs than ours or that are able to run comparable experiments at a lower total experiment cost. Any failure to compete effectively could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 Even if our Nautilus platform is commercialized and achieves broad scientific and market acceptance, if we fail to improve it or introduce compelling new products, our revenue and our prospects could be harmed. 
 The life sciences industry is characterized by rapid and significant technological changes, frequent new product introductions and enhancements and evolving industry standards. Even if we are able to commercialize our Nautilus platform and achieve broad scientific and market acceptance, our ability to attract new customers and increase revenue from existing customers will depend in large part on our ability to enhance and improve our Nautilus platform and to introduce compelling new products. The success of any enhancement to our Nautilus platform or introduction of new products depends on several factors, including timely completion and delivery, competitive pricing, adequate quality testing, integration with existing technologies, freedom from intellectual property encumbrance, appropriately timed and staged introduction and overall market acceptance. Any new product or enhancement to our Nautilus platform that we develop may not be introduced in a timely or cost-effective manner, may contain defects, errors, vulnerabilities or bugs, or may not achieve the market acceptance necessary to generate significant revenue. 
 The typical development cycle of new life sciences products can be lengthy and complicated, and may require new scientific discoveries or advancements, considerable resources and complex technology and engineering. Such developments may involve external suppliers and service providers, making the management of development projects complex and subject to risks and uncertainties regarding timing, timely delivery of required components or services and satisfactory technical performance of such components or assembled products. If we do not achieve the required technical specifications or successfully manage new product development processes, or if development work is not performed according to schedule, then such new technologies or products may be adversely impacted. If we are unable to successfully develop new products, enhance our proteomics product platform to meet customer requirements, compete with alternative products, or otherwise gain and maintain market acceptance, our business, results of operations and financial condition could be harmed. 
 We rely on third parties for development of certain aspects of the Nautilus platform, and any failure of these third parties to perform their respective obligations in a timely manner or to our specifications could negatively impact our timelines, costs or product performance. 
 We are engaged with a number of third party collaborators who assist us in co-development of certain aspects of the Nautilus platform, including, for example, certain affinity reagents and array chip substrates. Our agreements with these third party collaborators include obligations for these third parties to deliver certain aspects of technology to be used in the Nautilus platform in accordance with certain defined timelines, in accordance with defined specifications, and in accordance with certain cost limitations. We have also sought to include redundancy and contingency planning with respect to the efforts of our third party collaborators where practicable. Despite our contractual assurances and contingency planning, it is possible that one or more of our third party collaborators may fail to deliver their respective technologies to us on time or in accordance with our specifications, and such failure could negatively impact the timing of the commercialization of the Nautilus platform, its performance, or its cost. 
 Our business will depend significantly on research and development spending by pharmaceutical companies as well as by academic and other research institutions. Any reduction in spending could limit demand for our products and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects. 
 We expect that our revenue in the foreseeable future will be derived primarily from sales of our Nautilus platform to biotechnology companies and life science laboratories worldwide, and to a lesser extent, academic institutions and non-profit organizations. Our success will depend upon demand for and use of our products. Accordingly, the spending policies of these customers could have a significant effect on the demand for our technology. These policies may be based on a wide variety of factors, including the resources available to make 
 39 

purchases, the spending priorities among various types of equipment, policies regarding spending during recessionary periods and changes in the political climate. In addition, academic, governmental and other research institutions that fund research and development activities may be subject to stringent budgetary constraints that could result in spending reductions, reduced allocations or budget cutbacks, which could jeopardize the ability of these customers to purchase our products. Our operating results may fluctuate substantially due to reductions and delays in research and development expenditures by these customers. For example, reductions in capital expenditures by these customers may result in lower than expected system sales and, similarly, reductions in operating expenditures by these customers could result in lower than expected sales of our Nautilus platform . These reductions and delays may result from factors that are not within our control, such as: 
 decreases in government funding of research and development; 
 changes in economic conditions, including recessionary effects, inflationary pressures and instability in the global financial markets, including with respect to any future financial institution failures ; 
 changes in government programs that provide funding to research institutions and companies, including changes in the amount of funds allocated to different areas of research or changes that have the effect of increasing the length of time of the funding process; 
 changes in the regulatory environment affecting life science and Ag-Bio companies engaged in research and commercial activities; 
 differences in budget cycles across various geographies and industries; 
 market-driven pressures on companies to consolidate operations and reduce costs; 
 mergers and acquisitions in the life science and Ag-Bio industries; and 
 other factors affecting research and development spending. 
 Any decrease in our customers budgets or expenditures or in the size, scope or frequency of capital or operating expenditures as a result of the foregoing or other factors could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. 
 Our operating results may fluctuate significantly in the future, which makes our future operating results difficult to predict and could cause our operating results to fall below expectations or any guidance we may provide. 
 Our quarterly and annual operating results may fluctuate significantly, which makes it difficult for us to predict our future operating results. In the near term, as we devote substantially all of our resources towards the development and anticipated future commercialization of our Nautilus platform, specific factors that may result in fluctuations include, without limitation: 
 the timing and cost of, and level of investment in, research and development and commercialization activities relating to our Nautilus platform; 
 our ability to successfully establish and successfully maintain appropriate collaborations and derive revenue from those collaborations; 
 the impact that economic inflation may have on our costs for manufacturing our products; 
 any litigation or governmental investigations involving us, our industry or both; and 
 our ability to successfully develop and commercialize our Nautilus platform on our anticipated timeline. 
 As we transition from a company with a focus on research and development to a company capable of supporting manufacturing, these fluctuations may also occur due to a variety of other factors, many of which are outside of our control, including, but not limited to: 
 40 

the level of demand for any products we are able to commercialize, particularly our Nautilus platform, which may vary significantly from period to period; 
 our ability to drive adoption of our Nautilus platform in our target markets and our ability to expand into any future target markets; 
 the impact that economic inflation may have on our costs for manufacturing our products; 
 the prices at which we will be able to sell our Nautilus platform; 
 the volume and mix of our sales between consumables, instruments and software, or changes in the manufacturing or sales costs related to our products; 
 the timing and amount of expenditures that we may incur to develop, commercialize or acquire additional products and technologies or for other purposes, such as the expansion of our facilities; 
 changes in governmental funding of life sciences research and development or changes that impact budgets and budget cycles; 
 seasonal spending patterns of our customers; 
 the timing of when we recognize any revenue; 
 future accounting pronouncements or changes in our accounting policies; 
 higher than anticipated service, replacement and warranty costs; 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the conflicts in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, recent and any potential future financial institution failures , and other national and global events on the economy, investment in life sciences and research industries, our business operations, and resources and operations of our customers, suppliers, and distributors; and 
 general industry, economic and market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance or the operating performance of our competitors. 
 The cumulative effects of the factors discussed above could result in large fluctuations and unpredictability in our quarterly and annual operating results. As a result, comparing our operating results on a period-to-period basis may not be meaningful. Investors should not rely on our past results as an indication of our future performance. 
 This variability and unpredictability could also result in us failing to meet the expectations of industry or financial analysts or investors for any period. If we are unable to commercialize products or generate revenue, or if our operating results fall below the expectations of analysts or investors or below any guidance we may provide, or if the guidance we provide is below the expectations of analysts or investors, it could cause the market price of our Common Stock to decline. 
 We have a limited operating history, which may make it difficult to evaluate our current business and the prospects for our future viability, and to predict our future performance. 
 We are a life sciences technology company with a limited operating history. We have not completed development of our Nautilus platform or any other products and have not generated any revenue to date. Our operations to date have been limited to developing our Nautilus platform. Our prospects must be considered in light of the uncertainties, risks, expenses, and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stages of operations. Consequently, predictions about our future success or viability are highly uncertain and may not be as accurate as they could be if we had a longer operating history or a company history of successfully developing and commercializing products. 
 In addition, as a business with a limited operating history, we may encounter unforeseen expenses, difficulties, complications, delays and other known and unknown obstacles. We will eventually need to transition from a 
 41 

company with a focus on research and development to a company capable of supporting manufacturing and commercial activities as well, and we may not be successful in such a transition. We have encountered in the past, and will encounter in the future, risks and uncertainties frequently experienced by growing companies with limited operating histories in emerging and rapidly changing industries. If our assumptions regarding these risks and uncertainties, which we use to plan and operate our business, are incorrect or change, or if we do not address these risks successfully, our results of operations could differ materially from our expectations, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 We may need to raise additional capital to fund our development and commercialization plans. 
 Based on our current plans, we believe that our available resources and existing cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments, will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash requirements for at least 12 months from the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. If our available resources and existing cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments are insufficient to satisfy our liquidity requirements, including because of the realization of other risks described in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we may be required to raise additional capital prior to such time through issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, enter into a credit facility or another form of third-party funding or seek other debt financing. 
 We expect that we will need to raise additional capital in the future to expand our business, to pursue strategic investments, to take advantage of financing or acquisition opportunities or for other reasons, including: 
 funding development and marketing efforts of our Nautilus platform or any other future products; 
 increasing our sales and marketing and other commercialization efforts to drive market adoption of our Nautilus platform, once commercialized; 
 expanding our technologies into additional markets; 
 preparing, filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 
 acquiring, licensing or defending against third party intellectual property rights; 
 acquiring or investing in complementary technologies, businesses or assets; and 
 financing capital expenditures and general and administrative expenses. 
 Our present and future funding requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 delays in execution of our development plans; 
 the scope and timing of our investment in our sales, marketing, and distribution capabilities; 
 changes we may make to our business that affect ongoing operating expenses; 
 the costs of filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing any patent claims and other intellectual property rights; 
 changes we may make in our business or commercialization strategy; 
 changes we may make in our research and development spending plans; 
 the effect of competing technological and market developments; 
 our need to implement additional infrastructure and internal systems; 
 the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, the conflicts in Eastern Europe and the Middle East ; and 
 42 

other items affecting our forecasted level of expenditures and use of cash resources including potential acquisitions. 
 The various ways we could raise additional capital carry potential risks. If we raise funds by issuing equity securities, dilution to our stockholders could result. If we raise funds by issuing debt securities, those debt securities could have rights, preferences and privileges senior to those of holders of our Common Stock. The terms of debt securities issued or borrowings pursuant to a credit agreement could impose significant restrictions on our operations. If we raise funds through collaborations or licensing arrangements, we might be required to relinquish significant rights to our technologies or products or grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 
 We may be unable to raise additional funds or to enter into such agreements or arrangements on favorable terms, or at all. Our ability to raise additional funds may be adversely impacted by potential worsening global economic conditions and the recent disruptions to, and volatility in, the credit and financial markets in the United States and worldwide resulting from the COVID 19 pandemic, the conflicts in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, and otherwise. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing or financing on terms satisfactory to us, if we require it, our ability to continue to pursue our business objectives and to respond to business opportunities, challenges, or unforeseen circumstances could be significantly limited, and could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 In addition, actual events involving limited liquidity or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and other financial institutions in March 2023 has caused and could continue to cause instability in the global financial markets. 
 Although we assess our banking relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. Credit and banking costs, generally, may also be adversely impacted by these factors, resulting in higher costs for the Company. For example, as part of our efforts to diversify our banking and credit arrangements following the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank, we have incurred higher banking related costs. 
 In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 If we are unable to obtain and maintain sufficient intellectual property protection for our products and technology, or if the scope of our intellectual property protection obtained is not sufficiently broad, competitors could develop and commercialize products similar or identical to ours, and our ability to successfully commercialize our products may be impaired. 
 Our commercial success depends in part on our ability to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technologies. We rely on patent protection, where appropriate and available, as well as a combination of copyright, trade secret and trademark laws, and nondisclosure, confidentiality and other contractual restrictions to protect our proprietary technology. However, these legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep any competitive advantage. If we fail to obtain, maintain and protect our intellectual property, third parties may be able to compete more effectively against us. In addition, we may incur 
 43 

substantial costs related to litigation or other patent proceedings in our attempts to recover or restrict use of our intellectual property. 
 To the extent our intellectual property offers inadequate protection, or is found to be invalid or unenforceable, we would be exposed to a greater risk of direct competition. If our intellectual property does not provide adequate coverage of our competitors products, our competitive position could be adversely affected, as could our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Both the patent application process and the process of managing patent and other intellectual property disputes are generally unpredictable, time-consuming and expensive. 
 Our success depends in large part on our and any future licensor s ability to obtain and maintain protection of the intellectual property we may own or license, whether solely or jointly, particularly patents, in the United States and other countries with respect to our products and technologies. We apply for patents to protect our products, technologies and commercial activities, as we deem appropriate. However, obtaining and enforcing patents is costly, time-consuming and complex, and we may fail to apply for patents on important products and technologies in a timely fashion or at all, or we may fail to apply for patents in potentially relevant jurisdictions. We may not be able to file and prosecute all necessary or desirable patent applications, or maintain, enforce and license any patents that may issue from such patent applications, at a reasonable cost or in a timely manner or in all jurisdictions. It is also possible that we will fail to identify patentable aspects of our research and development output before it is too late to obtain patent protection. Moreover, we may not develop additional proprietary products, methods and technologies that are patentable. We may not have the right to control the preparation, filing and prosecution of patent applications, or to maintain the rights to patents which may be licensed from or to third parties. In connection with any future licensing arrangements with third parties, these patents and applications may not be prosecuted and enforced by such third parties in a manner consistent with the best interests of our business. 
 In addition, the patent position of life sciences technology companies generally is highly uncertain, involves complex legal and factual questions, and has been the subject of much litigation in recent years. Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States or other jurisdictions may diminish the value of our intellectual property. As a result, the issuance, scope, validity, enforceability, and commercial value of our patent rights are highly uncertain. It is possible that none of our pending patent applications will result in issued patents in a timely fashion or at all, and even if issued, the patents may not provide a basis for intellectual property protection of commercially viable products or services, may not provide us with any competitive advantages, or may be challenged, narrowed or invalidated by third parties. We cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in our patents or in third-party patents. It is possible that third parties will design around our current or future patents such that we cannot prevent such third parties from using similar technologies and commercializing similar products to compete with us. Some of our owned or any future licensed patents or patent applications may be challenged at a future point in time and we may not be successful in defending any such challenges made against our patents or patent applications. Any successful third-party challenge to our patents could result in diminished or lost rights, for example, due to narrowing, unenforceability or invalidity of such patents and increased competition to our business. The outcome of patent litigation or other proceedings is generally uncertain, and any attempt by us to enforce our patent rights against others or to challenge the patent rights of others may not be successful, or, regardless of success, may take substantial time and result in substantial cost, and may divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business. Any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The U.S. law relating to the patentability of certain inventions in the life sciences technology industry is uncertain and rapidly changing, which may adversely impact our existing patents or our ability to obtain patents in the future. 
 Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation of the patent laws in the United States or in other jurisdictions could increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. In the last decade, the US Congress made sweeping changes to patent law in passing the America Invents Act AIA ). These changes include, among others, allowing third-party submission of prior art to the United States Patent and Trademark Office USPTO during patent prosecution and additional procedures to challenge the validity of a patent by USPTO administered post-grant proceedings, including post-grant review, inter partes review and derivation proceedings. The changes brought about by the AIA have not been extensively tested, 
 44 

and therefore increase the uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of our patent applications and the enforcement or defense of our issued patents, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Various courts, including the U.S. Supreme Court, have recently rendered decisions that impact the scope of patentability of certain inventions or discoveries relating to our technology and commercial goals. Specifically, these decisions have substantially increased the probability that patent claims will be ruled patent ineligible for reciting a natural phenomenon, law of nature or abstract idea. Furthermore, in view of these decisions, since December 2014, the USPTO has published and continues to publish revised guidelines for patent examiners to apply when examining claims for patent eligibility. Patent claims relating to software algorithms, biologically-derived reagents, methods for analyzing biological systems and other subject matters that underlies our technology and commercial goals are impacted by these changes. 
 Actions taken by the U.S. Congress, federal courts and USPTO have from time to time narrowed the scope of patent protection available in certain circumstances and weakened the rights of patent owners in certain situations. Similar changes have been made by authorities in other jurisdictions. In addition to increasing uncertainty with regard to our ability to obtain patents in the future, such changes create uncertainty with respect to the value of patents, once obtained. Depending on decisions by authorities in various jurisdictions, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that may have a material adverse effect on our ability to obtain new patents and to defend and enforce our existing patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. 
 We cannot assure you that our patent portfolio will not be negatively impacted by the current uncertain state of the law, new court rulings or changes in guidance or procedures issued by governments or patent offices around the world. From ti me to time, the U.S. Supreme Court, other federal courts, the U.S. Congress or the USPTO may change the standards of patentability, scope and validity of patents within the life sciences technology and any such changes, or any similar adverse changes in the patent laws of other jurisdictions, could have a negative impact on our business, financial condition, prospects and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on our Nautilus platform in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States can be less extensive than those in the United States. 
 The laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States, and we and any future licensor may encounter difficulties in protecting and defending such rights in foreign jurisdictions. Consequently, we and any future licensor may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in some or all countries outside the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our or any future licensor s inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. Competitors and other third parties may be able to use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop our own products and technologies and may also export infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our products. We and any future licensor s patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. In addition, certain countries have compulsory licensing laws under which a patent owner may be compelled to grant licenses to other parties. Furthermore, many countries limit the enforceability of patents against other parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, the patent owner may have limited remedies, which could materially diminish the value of any patents. 
 Many companies have enc ountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in foreign jurisdictions. The legal systems of many other countries do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the misappropriation or other violations of our intellectual property rights including infringement of our patents in such countries. The legal systems in certain countries may also favor state-sponsored companies or companies headquartered in particular jurisdictions over our patents and other intellectual property protection. The absence of harmonized intellectual property 
 45 

protection laws and effective enforcement makes it difficult to ensure consistent respect for patent, trade secret, and other intellectual property rights on a worldwide basis. As a result, it is possible that we will not be able to enforce our rights against third parties that misappropriate our proprietary technology in those countries. 
 Proceedings to enforce our or any future licensor s patent rights in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial cost and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our and any future licensor s patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our and any future licensor s patent applications at risk of not issuing, and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We and any future licensor may not prevail in any lawsuits that we and any future licensor initiates, or that are initiated against us or any future licensor, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. In addition, changes in the law and legal decisions by courts in the United States and foreign countries may affect our ability to obtain adequate protection for our products, services and other technologies and the enforcement of intellectual property. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we develop or license. Any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to defend against third-party claims of infringement, misappropriation or other violations of intellectual property or to protect or enforce our intellectual property, any of which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful, and may prevent or delay our development and commercialization efforts. 
 Litigation may be necessary for us to enforce our patent and proprietary rights and/or to determine the scope, coverage and validity of others proprietary rights. Litigation on these matters has been prevalent in our industry and we expect that this will continue. To determine the priority of inventions, we may have to initiate and participate in interference proceedings declared by the USPTO that could result in substantial legal fees and could substantially affect the scope of our patent protection. Also, our intellectual property may be subject to significant administrative and litigation proceedings such as invalidity, unenforceability, re-examination and opposition proceedings against our patents. The outcome of any litigation or other proceeding is inherently uncertain and might not be favorable to us, and we might not be able to obtain licenses to technology that we require or a competitor may have already obtained an exclusive license to such technology in all fields. Even if such licenses are obtainable, they may not be available at a reasonable cost. We could therefore incur substantial costs related to royalty payments for licenses obtained from third parties, which could negatively affect our gross margins. In some cases, the outcome of litigation may be to enjoin us from commercializing a patent protected technology. We could encounter delays in product introductions, or interruptions in product sales, as we develop alternative methods or products. 
 In addition, if we resort to legal proceedings to enforce our intellectual property rights or to determine the validity, scope and coverage of the intellectual property or other proprietary rights of others, the proceedings could be burdensome and expensive, even if we were to prevail. 
 Our commercial success may depend in part on our non-infringement of the patents or proprietary rights of third parties. Numerous significant intellectual property issues have been litigated, and will likely continue to be litigated, between existing and new participants in the life sciences market and competitors may assert that our products infringe their intellectual property rights as part of a business strategy to impede our successful entry into those markets. Third parties may assert that we are employing our proprietary technology without authorization. We are aware that there are issued third party patents that are in the general proteomics field. Specifically, we are aware of various U.S. patents and U.S. non-provisional applications assigned to Washington University and the National Institute of Health, with claims directed to characterizing and identifying a polypeptide strand. 
 In addition, our competitors and others may have patents or may in the future obtain patents and may claim that use of our products infringes these patents. For example, we have received and may from time to time in the future receive letters, notices or invitations to license related to the use of intellectual property in our products or services, or may become the subject of claims that our products and business operations infringe or violate the intellectual property rights of others. For example, on December 14, 2023, we filed suit in the United States District Court for the Northern District of California against Somalogic, Inc. Somalogic which merged with and is now 
 46 

part of Standard Biotools, Inc. , and the California Institute of Technology. This suit sought declaratory judgment that we do not infringe any claims of US Patent No. 7,842,793 related to DNA origami structures (the 793 Patent ), which Somalogic had allegedly licensed from the California Institute of Technology through its purchase of Palamedrix, Inc. We took this action in response to Somalogic s allegations that our proteome analysis platform infringes the claims of the 793 Patent. Notwithstanding our belief as to the strength of our claims, litigation generally, and patent litigation in particular, can be unpredictable. If we do not succeed in establishing that our products or services do not infringe the claims of the 793 Patent, it could negatively impact our business by imposing royalties on our products or services, requiring significant redevelopment of certain aspects of our products and/or preventing us from making, using or selling our products or services. Even if we were to prevail in this or any future litigation, litigation could also result in substantial costs and diversion of resources and could have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results or financial condition. 
 As we move into new markets and applications for our products, incumbent participants in such markets may assert their patents and other proprietary rights against us, alleging that our products or services infringe, misappropriate or otherwise violate their intellectual property rights, including patents and trade secrets, as a means of slowing or preventing our entry into such markets, or as a means to extract substantial license and royalty payments from us. The defense of these matters can be time consuming, costly to defend in litigation, divert management s attention and resources, damage our reputation and brand and cause us to incur significant expenses or make substantial payments. 
 Issued patents covering our products could be found invalid or unenforceable if challenged. 
 Our owned and any future licensed patents and patent applications may be subject to validity, enforceability and priority disputes. The issuance of a patent is not conclusive as to its inventorship, scope, validity or enforceability. Some of our patents or patent applications may be challenged at a future point in time in opposition, derivation, reexamination, inter partes review, post-grant review or interference or other similar proceedings. Any successful third-party challenge to our patents in this or any other proceeding could result in the unenforceability or invalidity of such patents, which may lead to increase d competition to our business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, if we or any future licensor initiates legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering our products, the defendant could counterclaim that such patent covering our products, as applicable, is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity or unenforceability are commonplace. There are numerous grounds upon which a third party can assert invalidity or unenforceability of a patent. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including, but not limited to, lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the relevant patent office, or made a m isleading statement, during prosecution. Third parties may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such mechanisms include ex parte re-examination, inter partes review, post-grant review, derivation and equivalent proceedings in non-U.S. jurisdictions, such as opposition proceedings. Such proceedings could result in revocation of or amendment to our patents in such a way that they no longer cover and protect our products. With respect to the validity of our patents, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art of which us, any future licensor, our patent counsel and the patent examiner were unaware during prosecution. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability during patent litigation is unpredictable. If a defendant or other third party were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity or unenforceability, we would lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection for our products and technologies, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, if the breadth or strength of protection provided by our patents and patent applications is threatened, regardless of the outcome, it could dissuade companies from collaborating with us to license intellectual property or develop or commercialize current or future products. 
 We may not be aware of all third-party intel lectual property rights potentially relating to our products. Publications of discoveries in the scientific literature often lag behind the actual discoveries, and patent applications in the United States and other jurisdictions are typically not published until approximately 18 months after filing or, in some cases, not until such patent applications issue as patents. We might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by each of our pending patent applications and we might not have been the first to file patent 
 47 

applications for these inventions. To determine the priority of these inventions, we may have to participate in interference proceedings, derivation proceedings or other post-grant proceedings declared by the USPTO, or other similar proceedings in non-U.S. jurisdictions, that could result in substantial cost to us and the loss of valuable patent protection. The outcome of such proceedings is uncertain. No assurance can be given that other patent applications will not have priority over our patent applications. In addition, changes to the patent laws of the United States in the last decade allow for various post-grant opposition proceedings that have not been extensively tested, and their outcome is therefore uncertain. Furthermore, if third parties bring these proceedings against our patents, regardless of the merit of such proceedings and regardless of whether we are successful, we could experience significant costs and our management may be distracted. Any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, the value of our technology could be materially adversely affected, and our business could be harmed. 
 We rely heavily on trade secrets and confidentiality agreements to protect our unpatented know-how, technology and other proprietary information, including parts of our Nautilus platform , and to maintain our competitive position. However, trade secrets and know-how can be difficult to protect. In particular, we anticipate that with respect to our technologies, these trade secrets and know how will over time be disseminated within the industry through independent development, the publication of journal articles describing the methodology, and the movement of personnel between academic and industry scientific positions. 
 In addition to pursuing patents on our technology, we take steps to protect our intellectual property and proprietary technology by entering into agreements, including confidentiality agreements, non-disclosure agreements and intellectual property assignment agreements, with our employees, consultants, academic institutions, corporate partners and, when needed, our advisers. However, we cannot be certain that such agreements have been entered into with all relevant parties, and we cannot be certain that our trade secrets and other confidential proprietary information will not be disclosed or that competitors or other third parties will not otherwise gain access to our trade secrets or independently develop substantially equivalent information and techniques. For example, any of these parties may breach the agreements and disclose our proprietary information, including our trade secrets, and we may not be able to obtain adequate remedies for such breaches. Such agreements may not be enforceable or may not provide meaningful protection for our trade secrets or other proprietary information in the event of unauthorized use or disclosure or other breaches of the agreements, and we may not be able to prevent such unauthorized disclosure, which could adversely impact our ability to establish or maintain a competitive advantage in the market, business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Monitoring unauthorized disclosure is difficult, and we do not know whether the steps we have taken to prevent such disclosure are, or will be, adequate. If we were to enforce a claim that a third party had wrongfully obtained and was using our trade secrets, it would be expensive and time-consuming, it could distract our personnel, and the outcome would be unpredictable. In addition, courts outside the United States may be less willing to protect trade secrets. 
 We also seek to preserve the integrity and confidentiality of our confidential proprietary information by maintaining physical security of our premises and physical and electronic security of our information technology systems, but it is possible that these security measures could be breached. If any of our confidential proprietary information were to be lawfully obtained or independently developed by a competitor or other third party, absent patent protection, we would have no right to prevent such competitor from using that technology or information to compete with us, which could harm our competitive position. Competitors or third parties could purchase our products and attempt to replicate some or all of the competitive advantages we derive from our development efforts, design around our protected technology , develop their own competitive technologies that fall outside the scope of our intellectual property rights or independently develop our technologies without reference to our trade secrets. If any of our trade secrets were to be disclosed to or independently discovered by a competitor or other third party, it could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may be subject to claims challenging the inventorship of our patents and other intellectual property. 
 48 

We or any future licensor may be subject to claims that former employees, collaborators or other third parties have an interest in our patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property. For example, us or any future licensor may have inventorship disputes arise from conflicting obligations of employees, consultants or others who are involved in developing our products. In addition, counterparties to our consulting, software development, and other agreements may assert that they have an ownership interest in intellectual property developed under such arrangements. Litigation may be necessary to defend against claims challenging ownership or inventorship of our or any future licensor s ownership of our patents, trade secrets or other intellectual property. If we or any future licensor fails in defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights, such as exclusive ownership of, or right to use, intellectual property that is im portant to our Nautilus platform , including our software, workflows, consumables and reagent kits. In such an event, we may be required to obtain licenses from third parties and such licenses may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all or may be non-exclusive. If we are unable to obtain and maintain such licenses, we may need to cease the development, manufacture or commercialization of our products and technologies. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management and other employees, and certain customers or partners may defer engaging with us until the particular dispute is resolved. Any of the foregoing could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may not be able to protect and enforce our trademarks and trade names or build name recognition in our markets of interest thereby harming our competitive position. 
 The registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names that we own may be challenged, infringed, circumvented, declared generic, lapsed or determined to be infringing on or dilutive of other marks. We may not be able to protect our rights in these trademarks and trade names, which we need in order to build name recognition. In addition, third parties have filed, and may in the future file, for registration of trademarks similar or identical to our trademarks, thereby impeding our ability to build brand identity and possibly leading to market confusion. In addition, there could be potential trade name or trademark infringement claims brought by owners of other registered trademarks or trademarks that incorporate variations of our registered or unregistered trademarks or trade names. Further, we have and may in the future enter into agreements with owners of such third-party trade names or trademarks to avoid potential trademark litigation which may limit our ability to use our trade names or trademarks in certain fields of business. Over the long term, if we are unable to establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, then we may not be able to compete effectively, and our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be adversely affected. Our efforts to enforce or protect our proprietary rights related to trademarks, domain names, copyrights or other intellectual property may be ineffective and could result in substantial costs and diversion of resources. Any of the foregoing events could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our Nautilus platform for an adequate amount of time. 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the United States, if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. While extensions may be available, the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. In the United States, a patent s term may, in certain cases, be lengthened by patent term adjustment, which comp ensates a patentee for administrative delays by the USPTO in examining and granting a patent, or may be shortened if a patent is terminally disclaimed over a commonly owned patent or a patent naming a common inventor and having an earlier expiration date. Even if patents covering our products are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition from competitive products. If one of our products requires extended development, testing and/or regulatory review, patents protecting such products might expire before or shortly after such products are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 49 

Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various required procedures, document submissions, fee payments and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various governmental patent agencies outside of the United States at several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. The USPTO and various non-U.S. governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. In certain circumstances, we may rely on any future licensor to pay these fees due to the U.S. and non-U.S. patent agencies and to take the necessary action to comply with these requirements with respect to any future licensed intellectual property. In many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors may be able to enter the market without infringing our patents and this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties or that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed trade secrets of our former employers. 
 We have employed and expect to employ individuals who were previously employed at universities or other companies, including, for example, our competitors or potential competitors. Although we try to ensure that our employees, consultants, advisors and independent contractors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that our employees, advisors, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information of their former employers or other third parties, or to claims that we have improperly used or obtained such trade secrets. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights and face increased competition to our business. Any such litigation or the threat thereof may adversely affect our ability to hire employees or contract with advisors, contractors and consultants. A loss of key research personnel work product could hamper or prevent our ability to commercialize potential products, which could harm our business. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. This type of litigation or proceeding could substantially increase our operating losses and reduce our resources available for development activities. Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of this type of litigation or proceedings more effectively than we can because of their substantially greater financial resources. 
 In addition, while it is our policy to require our employees and contractors who may be involved in the conception or development of intellectual property to execute agreements assigning such intellectual property to us, we may be unsuccessful in executing such an agreement with each party who, in fact, conceives or develops intellectual property that we regard as our own. The assignment of intellectual property rights may not be self-executing, or the assignment agreements may be breached, and we may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims that they may bring against us, to determine the ownership of what we regard as our intellectual property. Furthermore, individuals executing agreements with us may have pre-existing or competing obligations to a third party, such as an academic institution, and thus an agreement with us may be ineffective in perfecting ownership of inventions developed by that individual, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, and prospects. 
 Furthermore, we or any future licensor may in the futur e be subject to claims by former or current employees, consultants or other third parties asserting an ownership right or inventorship in our owned, or any future licensed, patents or patent applications. For example, our Founder and Chief Scientist is employed by Stanford University and a member of the Stanford Cancer Institute. Stanford University and the Stanford Cancer Institute may assert an ownership right in any of our owned patents or patent applications. We may have other consultants that are or have 
 50 

been employed by third parties, which may assert an ownership right in any of our owned patents or patent applications. In addition, we are aware that we might not be able to obtain ownership of or seek a license to any intellectual property developed during a research collaboration with a third party. An adverse determination in any such proceeding may result in loss of exclusivity or freedom to operate or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar technology, without payment to us, or could limit the duration of the patent protection covering our technology and products. Such challenges may also result in our inability to develop, manufacture or commercialize our products without infringing third-party patent rights. Any of the foregoing could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 If we cannot license rights to use technologies on reasonable terms, we may not be able to commercialize new products in the future. 
 We may identify third-party technology that we may need to license or acquire in order to develop or commercialize our products or technologies, including our Nautilus platform . However, we may be unable to secure such licenses or acquisitions. The licensing or acquisition of third-party intellectual property rights is a competitive area, and several more established companies may pursue strategies to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights that we may consider attractive or necessary. These established companies may have a competitive advantage over us due to their size, capital resources, or greater development and commercialization capabilities. In addition, companies that perceive us to be a competitor may be unwilling to assign or license rights to us. 
 We also may be unable to license or acquire third-party intellectual property rights on terms that would allow us to make an appropriate return on our investment or at all. In return for the use of a third party s technology, we may agree to pay the licensor royalties based on sales of our products or services. Royalties are a component of cost of products or technologies and affect the margins on our products. We may also need to negotiate licenses to patents or patent applications before or after introducing a commercial product. We may not be able to obtain necessary licenses to patents or patent applications, and our business may suffer if we are unable to enter into the necessary licenses on acceptable terms or at all, if any necessary licenses are subsequently terminated, if the licensor fails to abide by the terms of the license or fails to prevent infringement by third parties, or if the licensed intellectual property rights are found to be invalid or unenforceable. 
 Our use of open source software and failure to comply with the terms of the underlying open source software licenses could impose limitations on our ability to commercialize our products and provide third parties to our proprietary software. 
 Our products utilize open source software that contain modules licensed for use from third-party authors under open source licenses. In particular, some of the software may be provided under license arrangements that allow use of the software for research or other noncommercial purposes. Use and distribution of open source software may entail greater risks than use of third-party commercial software, as open source software licensors generally do not provide warranties or other contractual protections regarding infringement claims or the quality of the code. Some open source software licenses contain requirements that the licensee make its source code publicly available if the licensee creates modifications or derivative works using the open source software, depending on the type of open source software the licensee uses and how the licensee uses it. If we combine our proprietary software with open source software in a certain manner, we could, under certain open source software licenses, be required to release the source code of our proprietary software to the public for free. This would allow our competitors and other third parties to create similar products with less development effort and time and ultimately could result in a loss of our product sales and revenue, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, some companies that use third-party open source software have faced claims challenging their use of such open source software and their compliance with the terms of the applicable open source license. We may be subject to suits by third parties claiming ownership of what we believe to be open source software or claiming non-compliance with the applicable open source licensing terms. Use of open source software may also present additional security risks because the public availability of such software may make it easier for hackers and other third parties to compromise or attempt to compromise our technology platform and systems. 
 51 

Although we review and monitors our use of open source software to avoid subjecting our proprietary software to conditions we do not intend, the terms of many open source software licenses have not been interpreted by United States courts, and there is a risk that these licenses could be construed in a way that could impose unanticipated conditions or restrictions on our ability to commercialize our products and proprietary software. Moreover, we cannot assure investors that our processes for monitoring and controlling our use of open source software in our products will be effective. If we are held to have breached the terms of an open source software license, we could be subject to damages, required to seek licenses from third parties to continue offering our products on terms that are not economically feasible, to re-engineer our products, to discontinue the sale of our products if re-engineering could not be accomplished on a timely basis, or to make generally available, in source code form, our proprietary code, any of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Intellectual property rights do not necessarily address all potential threats. 
 The degree of future protection afforded by our intellectual property rights is uncertain because intellectual property rights have limitations and may not adequately protect our business or permit us to maintain our competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may be able to make products that are similar to products and technologies we may develop or may be able to utilize similar technologies that are not covered by the claims of the patents that we own or licenses now or in the future; 
 we, or any future licensor(s), might not have been the first to make the inventions covered by the issued patent or pending patent application that we license or may own in the future; 
 we, or any future licensor(s), might not have been the first to file patent applications covering certain of our or their inventions; 
 others may independently develop similar or alternative technologies or duplicate any of our technologies without infringing, misappropriating or otherwise violating our owned or future licensed intellectual property rights; 
 it is possible that our pending patent applications or those that we may license or own in the future will not lead to issued patents; 
 issued patents that we hold rights to may be held invalid or unenforceable, including as a result of legal challenges by our competitors; 
 our competitors might conduct research and development activities in countries where we do not have patent rights and then use the information learned from such activities to develop competitive products for sale in our major commercial markets; 
 we may not develop additional proprietary technologies that are patentable; 
 the patents of others may harm our business; and 
 we may choose not to file a patent for certain trade secrets or know-how, and a third party may independently derive, use, commercialize, publish or patent such intellectual property. 
 Should any of these events occur, they could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

52 

Risks Related to Litigation 
 We may become involved in litigation to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights, or defend ourselves from claims that we infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which litigation could consume significant resources and management time, and in which an adverse result could result in loss of our intellectual property rights, a requirement that we pay significant damages, and could prevent us from selling our products. 
 The life sciences industry is highly competitive, and companies in this industry routinely engage in litigation and governmental proceedings to enforce and defend the intellectual property rights that they believe they possess. We may become involved in litigation or governmental and/or administrative proceedings to enforce or defend our intellectual property rights. Additionally, we have and may continue to become involved in litigation and/or governmental or administrative proceedings to defend ourselves from claims that our products or services infringe the intellectual property rights of others, or to challenge the claimed intellectual property rights of others where we believe they may not be entitled to such rights. Such litigation and governmental proceedings are inherently unpredictable and costly, and can require significant time and attention of management. In addition to the costs and distraction of litigation, if we are unsuccessful in enforcing our intellectual property rights, or in defending our intellectual property rights from challenges of others, wit could result in our loss of our ability to exclude others from practicing aspects of our technology which could lead to greater competition for our products and services. Additionally, if we are unable to successfully defend ourselves from claims that we infringe the intellectual property rights of others and are unable to develop non-infringing alternative approaches for our products and services, we may be required to pay significant damages and ongoing royalties, or we may be prohibited from selling our products and services. Our success depends upon our ability to successfully enforce and defend our own intellectual property rights, and to defend ourselves from claims that we infringe the intellectual property rights of others. 
 Our products could have unknown defects or errors, which may give rise to claims against us and adversely affect market adoption of our Nautilus platform. 
 Our Nautilus platform utilizes novel and complex technology applied on a microscopic scale, using key components that are not amenable to full characterization or quality assessment using conventional techniques or instrumentation, and such systems may develop or contain undetected defects or errors. We cannot assure you that material performance problems, defects or errors will not arise, and as we increase the density and integration of our Nautilus platform , these risks may increase. We expect to provide warranties that our Nautilus platform will meet performance expectations or be free from defects. The costs incurred in correcting any defects or errors may be substantial and could adversely affect our operating margins. 
 In manufacturing our Nautilus platform , we depend upon third parties for the supply of various components. Many of these components require a significant degree of technical expertise to produce. If our suppliers fail to produce components to specification, or if the suppliers, or we, use defective materials or workmanship in the manufacturing process, the reliability and performance of our products will be compromised. 
 If our products contain defects, we may experience: 
 a failure to achieve market acceptance or expansion of our product sales; 
 loss of customer orders and delay in order fulfillment; 
 damage to our brand reputation; 
 increased cost of our warranty program due to product repair or replacement; 
 product recalls or replacements; 
 inability to attract new customers; 
 diversion of resources from our manufacturing and research and development departments into our service department; and 
 53 

legal claims against us, including product liability claims, which could be costly and time consuming to defend and result in substantial damages. 
 The occurrence of any one or more of the foregoing could negatively affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 If we are sued for product liability, we could face substantial liabilities that exceed our resources. 
 The marketing, sale and use of our products could lead to the filing of product liability claims were someone to allege that our products identified inaccurate or incomplete information regarding the proteins analyzed or otherwise failed to perform as designed. We may also be subject to liability for errors in, a misunderstanding of or inappropriate reliance upon, the information we provide in the ordinary course of our business activities. A product liability claim could result in substantial damages and be costly and time-consuming for us to defend. We maintain product liability insurance, but this insurance may not fully protect us from the financial impact of defending against product liability claims. Any product liability claim brought against us, with or without merit, could increase our insurance rates or prevent us from securing insurance coverage in the future. Additionally, any product liability lawsuit could damage our reputation, or cause current customers to terminate existing agreements and potential partners to seek other partners, any of which could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Regulatory and Legal Compliance Matters 
 Although our products currently are not labeled or intended for any use which would subject us to regulation by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, if we elect to label and promote any of our products as clinical or medical device products, we would be subject to regulation in the future and would be required to obtain prior approval or clearance by the FDA or other regulatory authorities, which could take significant time and expense and could fail to result in FDA clearance or approval for the intended uses we believe are commercially attractive. 
 Our products are currently labeled and promoted, and are, and in the n ear-future will be, sold primarily to research companies and academic and research institutions as research use only RUO products, and are not currently intended to be used, for clinical diagnostic tests or as medical devices. If we elect to label and market our products for use as, or in the performance of, clinical diagnostics in the United States, thereby subjecting them to FDA regulation as medical devices, we would be required to obtain premarket 510(k) clearance or premarket approval from the FDA, unless an exception applies. 
 We may in the future register with the FDA as a medical device manufacturer and list some of our products with the FDA pursuant to an FDA Class I listing for general purpose laboratory equipment. While this regulatory classification is exempt from certain FDA requirements, such as the need to submit a premarket notification commonly known as a 510(k) application, and some of the requirements of the FDA s Quality System Regulations (the QSRs ), we would be subject to ongoing FDA general controls, which include compliance with FDA regulations for labeling, inspections by the FDA, complaint evaluation, corrections and removals reporting, promotional restrictions, reporting adverse events or malfunctions for our products, and general prohibitions against misbranding and adulteration. The FDA s new Quality Management System Regulation QMSR ), which incorporates by reference certain requirements under ISO 13485, will go into effect on February 2, 2026. 
 In addition, we may in the future submit 510(k) premarket notification applications to the FDA to obtain FDA clearance of certain of our products on a selective basis. It is possible, in the event we elect to submit 510(k) applications for certain of our products, that the FDA would take the position that a more burdensome premarket application, such as a premarket approval application PMA or a de novo application is required for some of our products. If such applications were required, greater time and investment would be required to obtain FDA approval. Even if the FDA agreed that a 510(k) was appropriate, FDA clearance can be expensive and time consuming. It can take a significant amount of time to prepare and submit a 510(k) application, including conducting appropriate testing on our products, and several months to years for the FDA to review a submission. Notwithstanding the effort and expense, FDA clearance or approval could be denied for some or all of our products for which we choose to market as a medical device or a clinical diagnostic device. Even if we were to seek and obtain regulatory approval or 
 54 

clearance, it may not be for the intended uses we request or that we believe are important or commercially attractive. There can be no assurance that future products for which we may seek premarket clearance or approval will be cleared or approved by the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority on a timely basis, if at all, nor can there be assurance that labeling claims will be consistent with our anticipated claims or adequate to support continued adoption of such products. Compliance with FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authority regulations will require substantial costs, and subject us to heightened scrutiny by regulators and substantial penalties for failure to comply with such requirements or the inability to market our products. The lengthy and unpredictable premarket clearance or approval process, as well as the unpredictability of the results of any required clinical studies, may result in our failing to obtain regulatory clearance or approval to market such products, which would significantly harm our business, results of operations, reputation, and prospects. 
 If w e sought and received regulatory clearance or approval for certain of our products, we would be subject to ongoing FDA obligations and continued regulatory oversight and review, including the general controls listed above and the FDA s QSRs for our development and manufacturing operations. In addition, we may be required to obtain a new 510(k) clearance before we could introduce subsequent modifications or improvements to such products. We could also be subject to additional FDA post-marketing obligations for such products, any or all of which would increase our costs and divert resources away from other projects. If we sought and received regulatory clearance or approval and are not able to maintain regulatory compliance with applicable laws, we could be prohibited from marketing our products for use as, or in the performance of, clinical diagnostics and/or could be subject to enforcement actions, including warning letters and adverse publicity, fines, injunctions, and civil penalties; recall or seizure of products; operating restrictions; and criminal prosecution. 
 In addition, we could decide to seek regulatory clearance or approval for certain of our products in countries outside of the United States. Sales of such products outside the United States will likely be subject to foreign regulatory requirements, which can vary greatly from country to country. As a result, the time required to obtain clearances or approvals outside the United States may differ from that required to obtain FDA clearance or approval and we may not be able to obtain foreign regulatory approvals on a timely basis or at all. Following Brexit, medical device products entering the U.K. market will have to comply with the regulatory requirements of the Medicines and Healthcare products Regulatory Agency (the MHRA ), including the new UK Medical Device Regulations . In July 2023, MHRA updated its guidance to reflect that the government now aims to delay implementation of the core aspects of the regulations to July 2025. These foreign regulations and any future requirements that may be implemented by regulatory authorities will increase the difficulty of obtaining and maintaining regulatory approvals and compliance in Europe in the future. In addition, the FDA regulates exports of medical devices. Failure to comply with these regulatory requireme nts or obtain and maintain required approvals, clearances or certifications could impair our ability to commercialize our products for diagnostic use outside of the United States. 
 Our products could become subject to government regulation as medical devices by the FDA and other regulatory agencies even if we do not elect to seek regulatory clearance or approval to market our products for diagnostic purposes, which would adversely impact our ability to market and sell our products and harm our business. If our products become subject to FDA regulation, the regulatory clearance or approval and the maintenance of continued and post-market regulatory compliance for such products will be expensive, time-consuming, and uncertain both in timing and in outcome. 
 We do not currentl y expect our Nautilus platform to be subject to the clearance or approval of the FDA, as it is not intended to be used for the diagnosis, treatment or prevention of disease. However, as we expand our product line and the applications and uses of our current or products into new fields, certain of our future products could become subject to regulation by the FDA, or comparable international agencies, including requirements for regulatory clearance or approval of such products before they can be marketed. Also, even if our products are labeled, promoted, and intended as RUO, the FDA or comparable agencies of other countries could disagree with our conclusion that our products are intended for research use only or deem our sales, marketing and promotional efforts as being inconsistent with RUO products. For example, our customers may independently elect to use our RUO labeled products in their own laboratory developed tests LDTs for clinical diagnostic use. While the FDA has traditionally exercised enforcement discretion with LDTs, the FDA could take the view that our sale of our RUO labeled products were made with the knowledge that the products will be used as medical devices, and could therefore subject our products to government regulation, and the regulatory clearance or approval and maintenance 
 55 

process for such products may be uncertain, expensive, and time-consuming. Regulatory requirements related to marketing, selling, and distribution of RUO products could change or be uncertain, even if clinical uses of our RUO products by our customers were done without our consent. If the FDA or other regulatory authorities assert that any of our RUO products are subject to regulatory clearance or approval, our business, financial condition, or results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 The FDA has historically exercised enforcement discretion in not enforcing the medical device regulations against laboratories offering LDTs. In May 2024, FDA issued a final rule that amends FDA s regulations to make explicit that in vitro diagnostics IVDs are devices under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, including when the manufacturer of the IVD is a laboratory, and phases out its enforcement discretion for LDTs. Multiple lawsuits have been filed against FDA, challenging this FDA final rule, including lawsuits filed by the American Clinical Laboratory Association and the Association for Molecular Pathology. Further, in June 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court overruled the Chevron doctrine, which gives deference to regulatory agencies statutory interpretations in litigation against federal government agencies, such as the FDA, where the law is ambiguous. This landmark Supreme Court decision may invite more companies and other stakeholders to bring lawsuits against the FDA to challenge FDA s statutory interpretations, including its decision to regulate LDTs as medical devices. These judicial challenges can lead to uncertainties in the industry. We cannot predict the full impact of the LDT final rule and ongoing litigation against the FDA on us or the industry in general. Any restrictions on LDTs by the FDA, Congress, or regulatory authorities may decrease the demand for our products. The adoption of new restrictions on RUO products, whether by the FDA or Congress, could adversely affect demand for our specialized reagents and instruments. Further, we could be required to obtain premarket clearance or approval before we can sell our products to certain customers. 
 Further, sales of devices for diagnostic purposes may subject us to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the applicable government agencies. Such laws include, without limitation, state and federal anti-kickback or anti-referral laws, healthcare fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, privacy and security laws, the Physician Payments Sunshine Act and related transparency and manufactu rer reporting laws, and other laws and regulations applicable to medical device manufacturers. If our operations are found to be in violation of any applicable FDA or healthcare laws and regulations, we may be subject to penalties, monetary damages, disgorgement, imprisonment, the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, loss of eligibility to obtain clearance or approvals from the FDA, fees from regulators, fines, significant settlements or judgments, or exclusion from participation in government contracting, healthcare reimbursement or other government programs, including Medicare and Medicaid, or other restrictions on our operations, any of which could adversely impact our financial results. Any action against us for an alleged or suspected violation by a private party or governmental agency could cause us to incur significant legal expenses, adversely impact our reputation, and could divert our management s attention from the operation of our business, even if our defense is successful. In addition, achieving and sustaining compliance with applicable laws and regulations may be costly to us in terms of money, time and resources. 
 Additionally, on November 25, 2013, the FDA issued Final Guidance Distribution of In Vitro Diagnostic Products Labeled for Research Use Only. This guidance emphasizes that the FDA will review the totality of the circumstances when it comes to evaluating whether equipment and testing components are properly labeled as RUO. This guidance states that merely including a labeling statement that the product is for research purposes only will not necessarily render the device exempt from the FDA s clearance, approval, and other regulatory requirements if the circumstances surrounding the distribution, marketing and promotional practices indicate that the m anufacturer knows its products are, or intends for its products to be, used for clinical diagnostic purposes. These circumstances may include written or verbal sales and marketing claims or links to articles regarding a product s performance in clinical applications and a manufacturer s provision of technical support for clinical applications. 
 Even if the FDA does not modify its policy of enforcement discretion, whether due to changes in FDA policy or legislative action, the FDA may disagree with the marketing of our current products in the United States. We may also be required to conduct clinical studies to support our currently marketed products or planned product launches. If we are required to conduct such clinical trials or to obtain regulatory authorization, delays in the commencement of our product launches or our changes to our current marketing strategy could significantly increase our costs and delay our commercialization plans, which could harm our financial prospects. 
 56 

We are currently subject to, and may in the future become subject to additional, U.S. federal and state laws and regulations imposing obligations on how we collect, store and process personal information. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could harm our business. Ensuring compliance with such laws could also impair our efforts to maintain and expand our future customer base, and thereby decrease our revenue. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we currently, and, in the future, will, collect, store, transfer, use or process sensitive data, including personally identifiable information of employees, and intellectual property and proprietary business information owned or controlled by us and other parties. The secure processing, storage, maintenance, and transmission of this critical information are vital to our operations and business strategy. We are, and may increasingly become, subject to various laws and regulations, as well as contractual obligations, relating to data privacy and security in the jurisdictions in which we operate. The regulatory environment related to data privacy and security is increasingly rigorous, with new and constantly changing requirements applicable to our business, and enforcement practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. These laws and regulations may be interpreted and applied differently over time and from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, and it is possible that they will be interpreted and applied in ways that may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 In the United States, various federal and state regulators, including governmental agencies like the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau and the Federal Trade Commission, have adopted, or are considering adopting, laws and regulations concerning personal information and data security. Certain state laws may be more stringent or broader in scope, or offer greater individual rights, with respect to personal information than federal, international or other state laws, and such laws may differ from each other, all of which may complicate compliance efforts. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), which increases privacy rights for California residents and imposes obligations on companies that process their personal information, came into effect on January 1, 2020. Among other things, the CCPA requires covered companies to provide new disclosures to California consumers and provide such co nsumers new data protection and privacy rights, including the ability to opt-out of certain sales of personal information. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations, as well as a private right of action for certain data breaches that result in the loss of personal information. This private right of action may increase the likelihood of, and risks associated with, data breach litigation. In November 2020, California passed the California Privacy Rights Act (the CPRA ), which amended and expanded the CCPA as of January 1, 2023. Although the CCPA includes exemptions for certain clinical trial data, the law may increase our compliance costs and potential liability with respect to other personal information we collect about California customers. It is possible that these consumer, health-related and data protection laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices. If so, this could result in government-imposed fines or orders requiring that we change our practices, which could adversely affect our business. In addition to the CCPA, numerous other states legislatures are considering or have enacted similar data privacy laws. For example, Virginia, Colorado, Utah and Connecticut have each passed laws similar to but different from the CCPA and CPRA that have taken effect in 2023; Florida, Montana, Oregon and Texas have enacted similar laws that have gone into effect in 2024; Tennessee, Delaware, Iowa, Maryland, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Nebraska, and New Jersey have enacted similar laws that go into effect in 2025; and Indiana and Kentucky have enacted a similar law that will go into effect in 2026. Additionally, certain other state laws govern the privacy and security of health information in certain circumstances, such as Washington s My Health, My Data Act, which contains a private right of action. These new state laws will require ongoing compliance efforts and investment. In addition, laws in all 50 U.S. states require businesses to provide notice to consumers whose personal information has been disclosed as a result of a data breach. State laws are changing rapidly and there is discussion in the U.S. Congress of a new comprehensive federal data privacy law to which we would become subject if it is enacted. 
 Furthermore, regulations promulgated pursuant to the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (the HIPAA ), establish privacy and security standards that limit the use and disclosure of certain individually identifiable health information defined in HIPAA as protected health information and require the implementation of administrative, physical and technological safeguards to protect the privacy of protected health information and ensure the confidentiality, integrity and availability of electronic protected health information. Determining whether protected health information has been handled in compliance with applicable privacy standards and our contractual 
 57 

obligations can require complex factual and statistical analyses and may be subject to changing interpretation. Although we take measures to protect sensitive data from unauthorized access, use or disclosure, our information technology and infrastructure may be vulnerable to attacks by hackers or viruses or breached, subject to a security incident, or otherwise compromised or disrupted due to various causes, including employee error, malfeasance or other malicious or inadvertent actions. Any such breach, incident, compromise or disruption could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed by unauthorized parties, manipulated, publicly disclosed, lost, stolen, corrupted, made unavailable, or misused or otherwise processed without authorization. Any such access, breach or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, and liability under federal or state laws that protect the privacy of personal information, such as the HIPAA, the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and regulatory penalties. Notice of breaches must be made to affected individuals, the Secretary of the Department of Health and Human Services, and for extensive breaches, notice may need to be made to the media or State Attorneys General. Such a notice could harm our reputation and our ability to compete. 
 We are in the process of evaluating compliance needs but do not currently have in place formal policies and procedures related to the storage, collection and processing of information, and have not conducted any internal or external data privacy audits to fully assess our compliance with all applicable data protection laws and regulations. Additionally, we do not currently have policies and procedures in place for assessing our third-party vendors compliance with applicable data protection laws and regulations. All of these evolving compliance and operatio nal requirements impose significant costs, such as costs related to organizational changes, implementing additional protection technologies, training employees and engaging consultants, which are likely to increase over time. In addition, such requirements may require us to modify our data processing practices and policies, distract management or divert resources from other initiatives and projects, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any failure or perceived failure by us or our third-party vendors, collaborators, contractors and consultants to comply with any applicable federal, state or similar foreign laws and regulations, contractual obligations or any other actual or asserted obligations relating to data privacy and security could result in damage to our reputation, as well as claims, demands, proceedings or litigation by governmental agencies or other third parties, including class action privacy litigation in certain jurisdictions, which would subject us to significant fines, sanctions, awards, penalties, judgments and other liabilities, all of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 Our use of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies may result in reputational harm or liability. 
 We have incorporated and may continue to incorporate additional artificial intelligence and machine learning, or AIML, technologies into our platform, including within our decoding pipelines and otherwise within our business, and these solutions and features are key elements of our technological approach and to our future growth over time. We rely and expect to rely on AIML technologies in our platform, but there can be no assurance that we will realize the desired or anticipated benefits from AIML or any at all. We may also fail to properly implement or utilize AIML technologies. Our competitors, customers, or other third parties may incorporate AIML into their products and services or otherwise within their business more quickly or more successfully than us, which could impair our ability to compete with or serve them effectively, which could adversely affect our results of operations. Additionally, our use of AIML technologies may expose us to additional claims, demands and proceedings by private parties and regulatory authorities and subject us to legal liability as well as brand and reputational harm. For example, if output from AIML technologies or that they assist in producing are or are alleged to be deficient, inaccurate, or biased, or for such output, or such technologies or their development or deployment, including the collection, use, or other processing of data used to train or create such AIML technologies, to alleged to infringe upon or to have misappropriated third-party intellectual property rights or to violate applicable laws, regulations, or other actual or asserted legal obligations to which we are or may become subject, then our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely affected. The legal, regulatory, and policy environments around AIML are evolving rapidly, and we may become subject to new and evolving legal and other obligations. These and other developments may require us to make significant changes to our use of AIML, including by limiting or restricting our use of AIML, and may require us to make significant changes to our policies and practices, which may necessitate 
 58 

expenditure of significant time, expense, and other resources, AIML also presents emerging ethical issues, and if our use of AIML becomes controversial, we may experience brand or reputational harm. 
 If we commercialize our Nautilus platform outside of the United States, our international business could expose us to business, tax, regulatory, political, operational, financial, and economic risks associated with doing business outside of the United States. 
 If we commercialize our Nautilus platform outside of the United States, our international business may be adversely affected by changing economic, political and regulatory conditions in foreign countries. Engaging in international business inherently involves a number of difficulties and risks, including: 
 required compliance with existing and changing foreign regulatory requirements and laws; 
 required compliance with U.S. laws such as the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, and other U.S. federal laws and regulations established by the office of Foreign Asset Control; 
 export or import restrictions; 
 laws and business practices favoring local companies; 
 foreign currency exchange, longer payment cycles and difficulties in enforcing agreements and collecting receivables through certain foreign legal systems; 
 political and economic instability; 
 changes in social, economic, and political conditions or in laws, regulations and policies governing foreign trade, intellectual property, manufacturing, research and development, and investment both domestically as well as in the other countries and jurisdictions in which we operate and into which we may sell our products including as a result of the separation of the United Kingdom from the European Union (Brexit); 
 potentially adverse tax consequences, tariffs, customs charges, bureaucratic requirements and other trade barriers; 
 difficulties and costs of staffing and managing foreign operations, including compliance with diverse and complex local employment laws and practices; and 
 difficulties protecting, maintaining, enforcing or procuring intellectual property rights. 
 If one or more of these risks occurs, it could require us to dedicate significant resources to remedy such occurrence, and if we are unsuccessful in finding a solution, our financial results will suffer. 
 In addition, if we commercialize our Nautilus platform outside of the United States, we may rely on distributors for sales of our Nautilus platform and related products. To do so we must attract distributors and maintain distributors to maximize the commercial opportunity for our platform. There is no guarantee that we will be successful in attracting or retaining desirable sales and distribution partners or that we will be able to enter into such arrangements on favorable terms. Distributors may not commit the necessary resources to market and sell our Nautilus platform and related products to the level of our expectations or may choose to favor marketing the products of our competitors. If current or future distributors do not perform adequately, or we are unable to enter into effective arrangements with distributors in particular geographic areas, we may not realize long-term international revenue growth and our financial results will suffer. 

59 

If we expand our development and commercialization activities outside of the United States, we will be subject to an increased risk of conducting activities in a manner that violates the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and similar laws. If that occurs, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties and other adverse consequences which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 We are subject to the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, or the FCPA, and similar anti-corruption laws which generally prohibit companies, their employees, agents, representatives, business partners, and third-party intermediaries from authorizing, offering, or providing, directly or indirectly, improper payments or benefits to recipients in the public or private sector. Specifically, the FCPA which prohibits corporations and individuals from paying, offering to pay, or authorizing the payment of anything of value to any foreign government official, government staff member, political party, or political candidate in an attempt to obtain or retain business or to otherwise influence a person working in an official capacity. We are also subject to the UK Bribery Act, which prohibits both domestic and international bribery, as well as bribery across both public and private sectors. 
 If we choose to establish and expand our commercial operations outside of the United States we will need to comply with non-U.S. regulatory requirements, may need to establish and expand business relationships with various third parties, and we, our employees, agents, representatives, business partners and third-party intermediaries may interact more frequently with foreign officials, including regulatory authorities, and we may be held liable for the corrupt or other illegal activities of these employees, agents, representatives, business partners or third-party intermediaries, even if we do not explicitly authorize such activities. Any interactions with any such parties or individuals where improper payments are provided that are found to be in violation of such laws could result in substantial fines and penalties and could materially harm our business. We cannot assure you that all of our employees, agents, representatives, business partners and third-party intermediaries will not take actions in violation of applicable law for which we may ultimately be held responsible. 
 These laws also require that we keep accurate books and records and maintain internal controls and compliance procedures designed to prevent any such actions. While we have policies and procedures to address compliance with such laws, we cannot assure you that none of our employees, agents, representatives, business partners or third-party intermediaries will take actions in violation of our policies and applicable law, for which we may be ultimately held responsible. Further, as we increase our international sales and business, our risks under these laws may increase and expanded programs to maintain compliance with such laws may be costly and may not be effective. 
 Furthermore, any finding of a violation under one country s laws may increase the likelihood that we will be prosecuted and be found to have violated another country s laws. If our business practices are alleged to be or are found to be in violation of the FCPA, UK Bribery Act or other similar anti-corruption laws, we may be subject to whistleblower complaints, sanctions, settlements, prosecution, enforcement actions, fines, damages, adverse media coverage, investigations, loss of export privileges, significant civil and criminal penalties, or suspension or debarment from government contracts, all of which co uld have a material adverse effect on our reputation, financial condition and results of operations. Responding to any investigation or action will likely result in materially significant diversion of management s attention and resources and significant defense costs and other professional fees. 
 Environmental and health safety laws may result in liabilities, expenses and restrictions on our operations. Failure to comply with environmental laws and regulations could subject us to significant liability. 
 Federal, state, local and foreign laws regarding environmental protection, hazardous substances and human health and safety may adversely affect our business. Our research and development operations involve the use of hazardous substances and are subject to a variety of federal, state, local and foreign environmental laws and regulations relating to the storage, use, discharge, disposal, remediation of, and human exposure to, hazardous substances and the sale, labeling, collection, recycling, treatment and disposal of products containing hazardous substances. These operations are permitted by regulatory authorities, and the resultant waste materials are disposed of in material compliance with environmental laws and regulations. Using hazardous substances in our operations exposes us to the risk of accidental injury, contamination or other liability from the use, storage, importation, handling or disposal of hazardous materials. If we or our suppliers operations result in the contamination of the 
 60 

environment or expose individuals to hazardous substances, we could be liable for damages and fines, and any liability could significantly exceed our insurance coverage and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Liability under environmental laws and regulations can be joint and several and without regard to fault or negligence. Compliance with environmental laws and regulations may be expensive and noncompliance could result in substantial liabilities, fines and penalties, personal injury and third-party property damage claims and substantial investigation and remediation costs. Environmental laws and regulations could become more stringent over time, imposing greater compliance costs and increasing risks and penalties associated with violations. We cannot assure you that violations of these laws and regulations will not occur in the future or have not occurred in the past as a result of human error, accidents, equipment failure or other causes. The expense associated with environmental regulation and remediation could harm our financial condition and operating results. 
 Our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial partners, distributors and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities, including noncompliance with regulatory standards and requirements. 
 We are exposed to the risk that our employees, independent contractors, consultants, commercial collaborators, distributors, suppliers and vendors may engage in misconduct or other improper activities. Misconduct by these parties could include failures to comply with applicable FDA regulations, provide accurate information to the FDA, comply with federal and state health care fraud and abuse laws and regulations, accurately report financial information or data or disclose unauthorized activities to us. In particular, sales, marketing and business arrangements in the health care industry are subject to extensive laws and regulations intended to prevent fraud, misconduct, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, sales commission, customer incentive programs and other business arrangements. Misconduct by these parties could also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of clinical trials, which could result in regulatory sanctions and serious harm to our reputation. It is not always possible to identify and deter misconduct by these parties, and the precautions we take to detect and prevent such misconduct may not be effective in controlling unknown or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting us from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from a failure to comply with these laws or regulations. If any such actions are instituted against us, and we are not successful in defending our self or asserting our rights, those actions could have a significant impact on our business, including the imposition of significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, individual imprisonment, exclusion from participation in government funded healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 
 Demand for our technology could be reduced by legal, social and ethical concerns surrounding the use of genetic information and biological materials. 
 Our products may be used to provide genetic information or analyze biological materials from humans and other living organisms. The information obtained from our products could be used in a variety of applications, which may have underlying legal, social and ethical concerns, including the genetic engineering or modification of agricultural products, testing for genetic predisposition for certain medical conditions and stem cell research. Governmental authorities could, for safety, social or other purposes, call for limits on or impose regulations on the use of genetic testing or the use of certain biological materials. Such concerns or governmental restrictions could limit the use of our products, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Risks Related to our Operations 
 If we experience a significant disruption in our information technology systems or breaches of data security, our business could be adversely affected. 
 We rely on information technology systems to keep financial records, facilitate our research and development initiatives, manage our manufacturing operations, maintain quality control, fulfill customer orders, process customer 
 61 

data and information, maintain corporate records, communicate with staff and external parties and operate other critical functions. Our information technology systems and those of our vendors and partners are potentially vulnerable to disruption, failure and compromise due to breakdown, malicious intrusion and computer viruses, ransomware or other malicious software, or other disruptive events, including, but not limited to, natural disasters and catastrophes. Like other life sciences technology companies, we have experienced cybersecurity incidents in the past, and we may experience them again in the future. For example, in January 2024, we experienced an incident involving unauthorized access to an employee account. The Company has worked, and continues to work with external cybersecurity experts, in detecting, blocking, containing, remediating, and investigating any cyber security incidents and risks, and in further enhancing our cybersecurity safeguards. This incident did not, and other incidents have not impacted the availability of our systems, materially disrupted our operations, or had any material impact on our financial or operating results. Cybersecurity risks are constantly evolving, and as such, we anticipate additional work and expense in the future as we continue to further enhance our security processes and initiatives to meet the changing landscape of cyber security risks. While cyber insurance may be available for companies, any available insurance for cyber events, may be limited in amount, subject to deductibles, and may not be adequate to cover us for all costs arising from cyber security incidents. Given increasing cyber security risks, cyber insurance may not be available to us in the future, or may not be available on commercially reasonable terms. 
 Cyberattacks and other malicious internet-based activity continue to increase and cloud-based platform providers of services have been and are expected to continue to be targeted. Furthermore, there may be a heightened risk of potential cyberattacks by state actors or others since the escalation of the conflicts in Eastern Europe and intensified conflicts in the Middle East. Methods of attacks on information technology systems and attempting or effecting data security breaches and incidents change frequently, are increasingly complex and sophisticated, including social engineering and phishing scams, and can originate from a wide variety of sources. In addition to traditional computer hackers, malicious code, such as viruses and worms, employee theft or misuse, denial-of-service attacks and sophisticated nation-state and nation-state supported actors now engage in attacks, including advanced persistent threat intrusions. Despite our efforts to create security barriers to such threats, it is virtually impossible for us to entirely mitigate these risks. Despite any of our current or future efforts to protect against cybersecurity attacks and data security breaches, there is no guarantee that our efforts are adequate to safeguard against all such attacks and breaches. Moreover, it is possible that we may not be able to anticipate, detect, appropriately react and respond to, or implement effective preventative measures against, all cybersecurity incidents. 
 If our security measures, or those of our vendors and partners, are compromised due to cybersecurity attacks or security breaches or incidents, including as a result of third-party action, employee or customer error, malfeasance, stolen or fraudulently obtained log-in credentials or otherwise, or if any of these events is perceived to have occurred, our reputation could be damaged, our business and reputation may be harmed, we could become subject to claims, demands and litigation by private parties, and regulatory investigations and other proceedings, and we could incur significant liability. If we were to experience a prolonged system disruption in our information technology systems or those of certain of our vendors and partners, it could negatively impact our ability to serve our customers, which could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If operations at our facilities were disrupted, it may cause a material disruption in our business if we are not capable of restoring functionality on an acceptable timeframe. In addition, our information technology systems, and those of our vendors and partners, are potentially vulnerable to data security breaches and incidents, whether by internal bad actors, such as employees or other third parties with legitimate access to our or our third-party providers systems, or external bad actors, which could lead to the exposure of personal data, sensitive data and confidential information to unauthorized persons. Any such data security breaches or incidents could lead to the loss of trade secrets or other intellectual property, or could lead to the loss, unavailability, exposure, unauthorized modification, alteration or other processing of personal information, including sensitive personal information, of our employees, customers and others, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition and results of operations. 
 In addition, any such access, disclosure or other loss or unauthorized use of information or data could result in legal claims or proceedings, regulatory investigations or actions, and other types of liability under laws that protect the privacy and security of personal information, including federal, state and foreign data protection and privacy regulations, violations of which could result in significant penalties and fines. Furthermore, defending a suit, 
 62 

regardless of its merit, could be costly, divert management s attention and harm our reputation. In addition, although we seek to detect and investigate data security incidents, security breaches and other incidents of unauthorized access to our information technology systems and data can be difficult to detect and any delay in identifying such breaches or incidents may lead to increased harm and legal exposure of the type described above. Moreover, there could be public announcements regarding any actual or perceived cybersecurity incidents and any steps we take to respond to or remediate such incidents, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these announcements to be negative, it could, among other things, have a material adverse effect on the price of our Common Stock. 
 The cost of protecting against, investigating, mitigating and responding to potential breaches of our information technology systems and data security breaches and incidents and complying with applicable breach notification obligations to individuals, regulators, partners and others can be significant. As cybersecurity incidents continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance our protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. The inability to implement, maintain and upgrade adequate safeguards could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 We may be unable to manage our anticipated growth effectively. 
 Our anticipated growth will place significant strains on our management, operational and manufacturing systems and processes, sales and marketing team, financial systems and internal controls and other aspects of our business. We must upgrade our internal business processes and capabilities to create the scalability that a growing business demands. As of September 30, 2024, we had 161 employees. To execute our anticipated growth successfully, we must continue to attract and retain qualified personnel and manage and train them effectively. Developing and commercializing our Nautilus platform will require us to hire and retain scientific, sales and marketing, software, manufacturing, customer service, distribution and quality assurance personnel. In addition, we expect that we will need to hire additional accounting, finance and other personnel as a public company. As a public company, our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time towards maintaining compliance with these requirements and effectively manage these growth activities. We may face challenges integrating, developing and motivating our rapidly growing employee base. 
 Further, our anticipated growth will place additional strain on our suppliers and manufacturing facilities, resulting in an increased need for us to carefully monitor quality assurance. Any failure by us to manage our growth effectively could have an adverse effect on our ability to achieve our development and commercialization goals. 
 Our ability to successfully manage our expected growth is uncertain given the fact that we have been in operation only since 2016. As we continue to grow, we will be required to implement more complex organizational management structures and may find it increasingly difficult to maintain the benefits of our corporate culture, including our ability to quickly develop and launch new and innovative products. If we do not successfully manage our anticipated growth, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects will be harmed. 
 If we are unable to recruit and retain key executives and scientists, we may be unable to achieve our goals. 
 Our performance is substan tially dependent on the performance of our senior management and key scientific and technical personnel, particularly Sujal Patel, one of our founders and our Chief Executive Officer, and Parag Mallick, one of our founders and our Chief Scientist. 
 The loss of the services of any member of our senior management or our scientific or technical staff might significantly delay or prevent the development of our products or achievement of other business objectives by diverting management s attention to transition matters and identification of suitable replacements, if any, and could have a material adverse effect on our business. We do not maintain fixed term employment contracts with any of our employees and do not maintain key man life insurance on any of our employees. 
 In addition, our research and product development efforts could be delayed or curtailed if we are unable to attract, train and retain highly skilled employees, particularly, senior scientists and engineers. To expand our research and product development efforts, we need additional people skilled in areas such as molecular and cellular biology, biochemistry, surface chemistry, software, bioinformatics, assay development, mechanical engineering, 
 63 

electrical engineering, optics, fluidics and manufacturing. Competition for these people is intense. Because of the complex and technical nature of our system and the dynamic market in which we compete, any failure to attract and retain a sufficient number of qualified employees could materially harm our ability to develop and commercialize our technology. As part of our retention and incentive efforts, in addition to salary and cash incentives, we have issued stock options that vest over time. The value to employees of stock options that vest over time may be significantly affected by decreases in our stock price (whether or not related to or proportional to our operating performance) and may at any time be insufficient to counteract more lucrative offers from other companies. We may face challenges in retaining and recruiting such individuals due to sustained declines in our stock price that could reduce the retention value of equity awards. 
 We may acquire other companies or technologies, which could divert our management s attention, result in additional dilution to our stockholders and otherwise disrupt our operations and harm our operating results. 
 We may in the future seek to acquire or invest in businesses, applications or technologies that we believe could complement or expand our Nautilus platform or future products, enhance our technical capabilities or otherwise offer growth opportunities. The pursuit of potential acquisitions may divert the attention of our management and cause us to incur various costs and expenses in identifying, investigating and pursuing suitable acquisitions, whether or not they are consummated. We may not be able to identify desirable acquisition targets or be successful in entering into an agreement with any particular target or obtain the expected benefits of any acquisition or investment. 
 We have limited experience in acquiring other businesses or technologies. We may not be able to successfully integrate acquired personnel, operations and technologies, or effectively manage the combined business following an acquisition. Acquisitions could also result in dilutive issuances of equity securities, the use of our available cash, or the incurrence of debt, which could harm our operating results. In addition, if an acquired business fails to meet our expectations, our operating results, business and financial condition may suffer. 
 Unfavorable U.S. or global economic conditions as a result of multiple global events, including the COVID-19 pandemic, the conflicts in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, changing interest rates, instability in the global financial markets, and general economic downturns, could adversely affect our ability to raise capital and our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 While the potential economic impact brought by multiple adverse global circumstances, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, conflicts in Eastern Europe and the Middle East, potential uncertainty related to Taiwan and its relationship with China, changing interest rates and general economic downturns, and the collapse of Silicon Valley Bank and other financial institutions in March 2023, and related instability in the global financial markets, are difficult to assess or predict, both as to magnitude and duration, these events have resulted in, and may continue to result in, extreme volatility and disruptions in the capital and credit markets, reducing our ability to raise additional capital through equity, equity-linked or debt financings, which could negatively impact our short-term and long-term liquidity and our ability to operate in accordance with our operating plan, or at all. Additionally, these events have resulted, and in the future may result, in disruptions in our supply chains or the supply chains of those entities providing services or products to us, restrictions in our ability to deploy our workforce in our own facilities, locally, nationally or internationally, restrictions on the operating capacity of the laboratories or research facilities of our customers, decreases in government funding of research and development, or changes to programs that provide funding to research laboratories that may have the impact of redirecting funding to other areas of research, or prolonging or delaying funding cycles, any of which could adversely impact our ability to manufacture and sell our products. Moreover, our results of operations could be adversely affected by general conditions in the global economy and financial markets. A severe or prolonged economic downturn could result in a variety of risks to our business, including weakened demand for our Nautilus platform and our ability to raise additional capital when needed on favorable terms, if at all. A weak or declining economy could strain our customers budgets or cause delays in their payments to us. As a result of such events, we or our contractors, partners and/or suppliers could experience shortages, business disruptions or delays for materials sourced or manufactured in countries affected by such events, and their ability to supply us with services or components may be adversely affected. In addition, our contractors and suppliers have raised and may continue to raise prices for goods and services we employ in our research and development efforts and for components or materials used in our Nautilus platform. 
 64 

Additionally, there is ongoing uncertainty regarding the federal budget and federal spending levels, including the possible impacts of a failure to increase the debt ceiling. Any U.S. government default on its debt could have broad macroeconomic effects that could, among other things, disrupt access to capital markets and deepen recessionary conditions. Further, as of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and investments of 221.2 million, consisting of U.S. treasury securities, mutual funds, commercial paper, corporate debt securities, and agency securities. Any default by the U.S. government or credit downgrade of the securities we hold could impact the liquidity or valuation of our investments. 
 Any of the foregoing could harm our business, financial condition and results of operations, and we cannot anticipate all of the ways in which the current economic climate and financial market conditions could adversely impact our ability to raise capital, business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 Global supply chain interruptions could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize our products . 
 We may be subject to supply chain interruptions. Current or future supply chain interruptions that could be exacerbated by global political tensions, such as the situation in Eastern Europe, increased conflict in the Middle East, uncertainty related to Taiwan and its relationship with China, and resurgent or new global pandemics could negatively impact our ability to further develop our products or to manufacture and deliver our products or services, which could negatively impact our timelines and business results. For example, we have experienced some supply disruptions due to the COVID-19 pandemic, including closures at certain chip manufacturers, which led to extended lead times for certain chips; diversion of certain lab materials needed to support COVID-19 relief efforts; and lower availability of certain reagents, and delays similar to those we experienced during the COVID-19 pandemic could impact us if they recur or are exacerbated due to the situations in Eastern Europe and/or the Middle East. 
 Further, there is currently significant uncertainty about the future relationship between the United States and various other countries, most significantly China, with respect to trade policies, treaties, tariffs, taxes, and other limitations on cross-border operations. The U.S. government has made and continues to make significant additional changes in U.S. trade policy and may continue to take future actions that could negatively impact U.S. trade. For example, legislation has been introduced in Congress to limit certain U.S. biotechnology companies from using equipment or services produced or provided by select Chinese biotechnology companies, and others in Congress have advocated for the use of existing executive branch authorities to limit those Chinese service providers ability to engage in business in the U.S. We cannot predict what actions may ultimately be taken with respect to trade relations between the United States and China or other countries, what products and services may be subject to such actions or what actions may be taken by the other countries in retaliation. If we are unable to obtain or use services from existing service providers or become unable to export or sell our products to any of our customers or service providers, our business, liquidity, financial condition, and/or results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 If our facilities become unavailable or inoperable, our research and development program and commercialization launch plan could be adversely impacted and manufacturing of our instruments and consumables could be interrupted. 
 Our Seattle, Washington, facility primarily houses our corporate executive team and our software development operations, while our facilities in San Carlos and San Diego, California primarily house our research and development teams. 
 Our facilities in Seattle, San Carlos and San Diego are vulnerable to natural disasters, public health crises, including the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, and other catastrophic events. For example, our San Carlos and San Diego facilities are located near earthquake fault zones and are vulnerable to damage from earthquakes as well as other types of disasters, including fires, floods, power loss, communications failures and similar events. If any disaster, public health crisis or catastrophic event were to occur, our ability to operate our business would be seriously, or potentially completely, impaired. If our facilities become unavailable for any reason, we cannot provide assurances that we will be able to secure alternative facilities with the necessary capabilities and equipment on acceptable terms, if at all. We may encounter particular difficulties in replacing our San Carlos facilities given the 
 65 

specialized equipment housed within it. The inability to manufacture our instruments or consumables, combined with our limited inventory of manufactured instruments and consumables, may result in the loss of future customers or harm our reputation, and we may be unable to re-establish relationships with those customers in the future. 
 If our research and development program or planned commercialization program were disrupted by a disaster or catastrophe, the launch of new products, including our Nautilus platform , and the timing of improvements to our products could be significantly delayed and could adversely impact our ability to compete with other available products and solutions. If our capabilities are impaired, we may not be able to manufacture and ship our products in a timely manner, which would adversely impact our business. Although we possess insurance for damage to our property and the disruption of our business, this insurance may not be sufficient to cover all of our potential losses and may not continue to be available to us on acceptable terms, or at all. 
 We use hazardous chemicals and biological materials in our business. Any claims relating to improper handling, storage or disposal of these materials could be time consuming and costly. 
 Our research and development processes involve the controlled use of hazardous materials, including select chemicals that may be flammables, toxic or corrosives, as well as potential biohazard materials. We cannot eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or discharge and any resultant injury from these materials. In addition, our Nautilus platform involves the use of a high-powered laser system, which could result in injury. We may be sued for any injury or contamination that results from our use or the use by third parties of these materials. We do not currently maintain separate environmental liability coverage and any such contamination or discharge could result in significant cost to us in penalties, damages and suspension of our operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 An active trading market for our Common Stock may never develop or be sustained. 
 Prior to the Business Combination, there was no public trading market for Legacy Nautilus Common Stock. Although our Common Stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, the market for our shares has demonstrated varying levels of trading activity. If an active trading market does not develop, or develops but is not maintained, you may have difficulty selling any of our Common Stock due to the limited public float. We cannot predict the prices at which our Common Stock will trade. It is possible that in one or more future periods our results of operations and progression of our product pipeline may not meet the expectations of public market analysts and investors, and, as a result of these and other factors, the price of our Common Stock may fall. Accordingly, we cannot assure you of your ability to sell your shares of our Common Stock when desired or at prices at or above the price you paid for your shares or at all. 
 The market price of our Common Stock has been and may continue to be volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors. 
 The market price of our Common Stock has been and may continue to be highly volatile and could be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. 
 The market price of our Common Stock may fluctuate due to a variety of factors, including: 
 the timing of the launch and commercialization of our products and degree to which such launch and commercialization meets the expectations of securities analysts and investors; 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our operating results, including fluctuations in our quarterly and annual results; 
 operating expenses being more than anticipated; 
 the failure or discontinuation of any of our product development and research programs; 
 changes in the structure or funding of research at academic and research laboratories and institutions, including changes that would affect their ability to purchase our instruments or consumables; 
 66 

the success of existing or new competitive businesses or technologies; 
 announcements about new research programs or products of our competitors; 
 developments or disputes concerning patent applications, issued patents or other proprietary rights; 
 the recruitment or departure of key personnel; 
 litigation and governmental investigations involving us, our industry or both; 
 regulatory or legal developments in the United States and other countries; 
 volatility and variations in market conditions in the life sciences technology sector generally, or the proteomics or genomics sectors specifically; 
 investor perceptions of us or our industry; 
 the level of expenses related to any of our research and development programs or products; 
 actual or anticipated changes in our estimates as to our financial results or development timelines, variations in our financial results or those of companies that are perceived to be similar to us or changes in estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if any, that cover our Common Stock or companies that are perceived to be similar to us; 
 whether our financial results meet the expectations of securities analysts or investors; 
 the announcement or expectation of additional financing efforts; 
 sales of our Common Stock by us or by our insiders or other stockholders; 
 general economic, industry and market conditions; and 
 the COVID-19 pandemic, natural disasters or major catastrophic events. 
 Recently, stock markets in general, and the market for life sciences technology companies in particular, have experienced significant price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to changes in the operating performance of the companies whose stock is experiencing those price and volume fluctuations, particularly in light of the COVID-19 pandemic. Broad market and industry factors may seriously affect the market price of our Common Stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. These fluctuations may be even more pronounced in the trading market for our Common Stock. Following periods of such volatility in the market price of a company s securities, securities class action litigation has often been brought against that company. Because of the potential volatility of our Common Stock price, we may become the target of securities litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and divert management s attention and resources from our business. 
 There can be no assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of Nasdaq. 
 If Nasdaq delists our shares of Common Stock from trading on its exchange for failure to meet Nasdaq s listing standards, we and our stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences including: 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 reduced liquidity for our securities; 
 a determination that our Common Stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Common Stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 
 a limited amount of new and analyst coverage; and 
 67 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 Our principal stockholders and management own a significant percentage of our Common Stock and will be able to exercise significant influence over matters subject to stockholder approval. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our directors, executive officers, holders of more than 5 of our outstanding shares of Common Stock and their respective affiliates beneficially owned, collectively, approximately 68.9 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. As a result, these stockholders, if they act together, may significantly influence all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors and approval of significant corporate transactions. This concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change in control of our company that our other stockholders may believe is in their best interests. This in turn could have a material adverse effect on our stock price and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove the board of directors or management. 

The sale or the perception of future sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock could cause the market price of our Common Stock to drop significantly, even if our business is doing well. 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of our Common Stock in the public market could occur at any time. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our Common Stock. 
 Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement (the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement and the Subscription Agreements entered into in connection with the PIPE Financing, we have filed resale registration statements to provide for the resale of the shares issued in the PIPE Financing and the shares of our Common Stock held by the parties to the Registration Rights and Lock-Up Agreement. The market price of our Common Stock could decline if the holders whose shares are registered under such registration statements sell their shares or are perceived by the market as intending to sell their shares. 
 We will have broad discretion over the use of the proceeds to us from our at the market equity offering program and may apply the proceeds to uses that do not improve our operating results or the value of your securities. 
 We will have broad discretion to use the net proceeds to us from our at the market equity offering program, and investors will be relying solely on the judgment of our board of directors and management regarding the application of these proceeds. Although we expect to use the net proceeds from our at the market equity offering program for general corporate purposes and working capital, including for continued product development of our Nautilus platform other research and development activities, and commercialization of our Nautilus platform, we have not allocated these net proceeds for specific purposes. Investors will not have the opportunity, as part of their investment decision, to assess whether the proceeds are being used appropriately. Our use of the proceeds may not improve our operating results or increase the value of the securities offered pursuant to the at the market equity offering program. 
 We do not expect to pay any dividends for the foreseeable future. Investors may never obtain a return on their investment. 
 You should not rely on an investment in our Common Stock to provide dividend income. We do not anticipate that we will pay any dividends to holders of our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. Instead, we plan to retain any earnings to maintain and expand our existing operations, fund our research and development programs and continue to invest in our commercial infrastructure. In addition, any future credit facility or financing we obtain may contain terms prohibiting or limiting the amount of dividends that may be declared or paid on our Common Stock. Accordingly, investors must rely on sales of our Common Stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as 
 68 

the only way to realize any return on their investment. As a result, investors seeking cash dividends should not purchase our Common Stock. 
 Our bylaws designate a state or federal court located within the State of Delaware as the exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, and also provide that the federal district courts will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, each of which could limit our stockholders ability to choose the judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, stockholders, or employees. 
 Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum (an Alternative Forum Consent ), the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware (or, if the Court of Chancery does not have jurisdiction, another state court in Delaware or the federal district court for the District of Delaware) will, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, stockholders or other employees to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware General Corporation Law or our certificate of incorporation or bylaws (each, as may be amended from time to time), or (iv) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine of the State of Delaware, except for any claim as to which the court does not have jurisdiction over an indispensable party to that claim. The foregoing shall not apply to any claims under the Exchange Act or the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In addition, unless we give an Alternative Forum Consent, the federal district courts of the United States shall be the sole and exclusive forum for resolving any action asserting a claim arising under the Securities Act against any person in connection with any offering of the Company s securities, including any auditor, underwriter, expert, control person or other defendant. 
 Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all such Securities Act actions. Accordingly, both state and federal courts have jurisdiction to entertain such claims. To prevent having to litigate claims in multiple jurisdictions and the threat of inconsistent or contrary rulings by different courts, among other considerations, our bylaws also provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States of America will be the exclusive forum for resolving any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. 
 Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or holding or owning (or continuing to hold or own) any interest in any of our securities shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the foregoing bylaw provisions. Although we believe these exclusive forum provisions benefit us by providing increased consistency in the application of Delaware law and federal securities laws in the types of lawsuits to which each applies, the exclusive forum provisions may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum of its choosing for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers, stockholders, or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims against us and our current and former directors, officers, stockholders, or other employees. In addition, a stockholder that is unable to bring a claim in the judicial forum of its choosing may be required to incur additional costs in the pursuit of actions which are subject to the exclusive forum provisions described above. Our stockholders will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder as a result of our exclusive forum provisions. Further, in the event a court finds either exclusive forum provision contained in our bylaws to be unenforceable or inapplicable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our results of operations. 
 Delaware law and provisions in our certificate of incorporation and bylaws might discourage, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or changes in our management and, therefore, depress the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 Our status as a Delaware corporation and the anti-takeover provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law may discourage, delay or prevent a change in control by prohibiting us from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder for a period of three years after the person becomes an interested stockholder without the approval of holders of 66 2/3 of the voting power of our stockholders other than the interested stockholder, even if a change of control would be beneficial to our existing stockholders. In addition, our 
 69 

certificate of incorporation and bylaws contain provisions that may make the acquisition of our company more difficult, including the following: 
 our board of directors is classified into three classes of directors with staggered three-year terms and directors are only able to be removed from office for cause by the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of the voting power of our then outstanding capital stock; 
 certain amendments to our certificate of incorporation require the approval of stockholders holding two-thirds of the voting power of our then outstanding capital stock; 
 any stockholder-proposed amendment to certain provisions of our bylaws require the approval of stockholders holding two-thirds of the voting power of our then outstanding capital stock; 
 our stockholders are only able to take action at a meeting of stockholders and are not able to take action by written consent for any matter; 
 vacancies on our board of directors are able to be filled only by our board of directors and not by stockholders; 
 only the chair of our board of directors, our chief executive officer, our president or a majority of our board of directors are authorized to call a special meeting of stockholders; 
 certain litigation against us can only be brought in Delaware; 
 our certificate of incorporation authorizes undesignated preferred stock, the terms of which may be established by our Board and shares of which may be issued, without the approval of the holders of our capital stock; and 
 advance notice procedures apply for stockholders to nominate candidates for election as directors or to bring matters before an annual meeting of stockholders. 
 These anti-takeover defenses could discourage, delay, or prevent a transaction involving our change in control. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for stockholders to elect directors of their choosing and to cause us to take other corporate actions they desire, any of which, under certain circumstances, could limit the opportunity for our stockholders to receive a premium for their shares of our capital stock. 
 General Risk Factors 
 We will continue to incur significant increased costs and management resources as a result of operating as a public company. 
 As a public company, we will continue to incur significant legal, accounting, compliance and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company and these expenses may increase even more after we are no longer an emerging growth company. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time and incur significant expense in connection with compliance initiatives. As a public company, we will continue to bear all of the internal and external costs of preparing and distributing periodic public reports in compliance with our obligations under the securities laws. 
 In addition, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure, including the SOX, and the related rules and regulations implemented by the SEC and The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, have increased legal and financial compliance costs and will make some compliance activities more time-consuming. We intend to invest resources to comply with evolving laws, regulations and standards, and this investment will result in increased general and administrative expenses and may divert management s time and attention from our other business activities. If our efforts to comply with new laws, regulations and standards differ from the activities intended by regulatory or governing bodies due to ambiguities related to practice, regulatory authorities may initiate legal proceedings against us, and our business may be harmed. In the future, it may be more expensive or more 
 70 

difficult for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance, and we may be required to accept reduced coverage or incur substantially higher costs to obtain coverage. These factors could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified members for our board of directors, particularly to serve on our audit committee and compensation committee, and qualified executive officers. 
 We have broad discretion in the use of the net proceeds from the Business Combination and the PIPE Financing and may not use them effectively. 
 We cannot specify with certainty the particular uses of the net proceeds we received from the Business Combination and the PIPE Financing. Our management will have broad discretion in the application of the net proceeds. Our management may spend a portion or all of the net proceeds in ways that our stockholders may not desire or that may not yield a favorable return. The failure by our management to apply these funds effectively could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Pending their use, we may invest the net proceeds from the Business Combination and the PIPE Financing in a manner that does not produce income or that loses value. 
 Our ability to use net operating losses and certain other tax attributes to offset future taxable income may be subject to certain limitations. 
 Our U.S. federal and state net operating loss carryforwards, or NOLs, may be unavailable to offset future taxable income because of restrictions under U.S. federal and/or state law. U.S. federal NOLs that arose in tax years ending on or prior to December 31, 2017, are only permitted to be carried forward for 20 years. U.S. federal NOLs that arose in tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, may be carried forward indefinitely, but for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2020, the deductibility of such U.S. federal NOLs will be limited to 80 of our current year taxable income. State NOLs may be subject to similar or different limitations. As of December 31, 2023, we had U.S. federal NOLs of 71.2 million, of which 70.6 million do not expire, and state NOLs of 95.5 million that will begin to expire in 2037. 
 In addition, Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, or the Code, may limit the NOLs we may use in any year for U.S. federal income tax purposes in the event of certain changes in our ownership. A Code Section 382 ownership change generally occurs if one or more stockholders or groups of stockholders who own at least 5 of a company s stock increase their ownership by more than 50 percentage points over their lowest ownership percentage within a rolling three-year period. Similar rules may apply under state tax laws. We have not conducted a Code Section 382 study to determine whether the use of our NOLs is impaired. We may have previously undergone an ownership change. In addition, future issuances or sales of our stock, including certain transactions involving our stock that are outside of our control, could result in future ownership changes. Ownership changes that have occurred in the past or that may occur in the future could result in the imposition of an annual limit on the amount of pre-ownership change NOLs and other tax attributes we can use to reduce our taxable income, potentially increasing and accelerating our liability for income taxes, and also potentially causing those tax attributes to expire unused. States may impose other limitations on the use of our NOLs and other tax attributes. Any limitation on using NOLs could, depending on the extent of such limitations and the NOLs previously used, result in our retaining less cash after payment of U.S. federal and state income taxes during any year in which we have taxable income, rather than losses, than we would be entitled to retain if such NOLs were available as an offset against such taxable income for U.S. federal and state income tax reporting purposes, which coul d adversely impact our operating results. 
 Changes in tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our future business, cash flows, results of operations or financial condition. 
 We may in the future be subject to the tax laws, regulations, and policies of several taxing jurisdictions. Changes in tax laws, as well as other factors, could cause us to experience fluctuations in our tax obligations and effective tax rates and otherwise adversely affect our tax positions and/or our tax liabilities. For example, many countries and local jurisdictions and organizations such as the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development have proposed or implemented new tax laws or changes to existing tax laws, including additional taxes on payroll or employees and a proposed 15 global minimum tax (Pillar 2) that is being adopted by several 
 71 

countries with implementation beginning in 2024. Any new or changes to tax laws could adversely affect our future effective tax rate, operating results, tax credits or incentives or tax payments, which could have a material adverse effect on our future business, cash flows, results of operations or financial condition if we expand internationally. For example, the United States recently enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which implements, among other changes, a 1 non-deductible excise tax on certain stock buybacks effective January 1, 2023. Further, on January 1, 2022, a provision of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 went into effect that eliminates the option to deduct research and development costs in the year incurred and instead requires taxpayers to amortize such costs over five years for domestic and 15 years for foreign costs. Such changes, among others, may adversely affect our future effective tax rate, business, cash flows, results of operations and financial condition. 
 If we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in a timely manner or prevent fraud, which would harm our business. 
 Effective internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could cause us to fail to meet our reporting ob ligations in a timely manner, or at all. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection with Section 404(a) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 SOX or any subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with Sectio n 404(b) of SOX, may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be significant deficiencies or material weaknesses or that may require prospective or retroactive changes to our financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement. Ineffective internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative effect on the trading price of our Common Stock. 
 We will be required to disclose material changes made in our internal controls over financing reporting and procedures on a quarterly basis and our management will be required to assess the effectiveness of these controls annually. We will be required to make a formal assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and once we cease to be an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act or a smaller reporting company, as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), we will be required to include an attestation report on internal control over financial reporting issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. However, for as long as we are an emerging growth company or a smaller reporting company, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of SOX. 
 To achieve compliance with Section 404(a) of SOX within the prescribed period, we have engaged in a process to document and evaluate our internal control over financial reporting, which is both costly and challenging. In this regard, we will need to continue to dedicate internal resources, potentially engage outside consultants and adopt a plan to assess and document the adequacy of our internal control over financial reporting, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are designed and operating effectively and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for internal control over financial reporting. 
 An independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls could detect problems that our management s assessment might not identify. Undetected material weaknesses in our internal controls could lead to financial statement restatements and require us to incur the expense of remediation. 
 If our estimates or judgments relating to our critical accounting policies are based on assumptions that change or prove to be incorrect, our results of operation could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our Common Stock. 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in our financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our estimates on historical experience and estimates and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets, liabilities, equity, and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. For example, in connection 
 72 

with the implementation of the new revenue accounting standard if and when we have product sales, management makes judgments and assumptions based on our interpretation of the new standard. The new revenue standard is principle-based, and interpretation of those principles may vary from company to company based on their unique circumstances. It is possible that interpretation, industry practice and guidance may evolve as we apply the new standard. If our assumptions underlying our estimates and judgements relating to our critical accounting policies change or if actual circumstances differ from our assumptions, estimates or judgements, our operating results may be adversely affected and could fall below our publicly announced guidance or the expectations of securities analysts and investors, resulting in a decline in the market price of our Common Stock. 
 We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies and smaller reporting companies may make our Common Stock less attractive to investors. 
 We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company, we are permitted by SEC rules and plan to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other SEC registered public companies that are not emerging growth companies. These exemptions include not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of SOX, not being required to comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, the information we provide stockholders will be different than the information that is available with respect to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. To the extent that we continue to qualify as a smaller reporting company, as such term is defined in Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act, after we cease to qualify as an emerging growth company, we will continue to be permitted to make certain reduced disclosures in our periodic reports and other documents that we file with the SEC and will not be required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of SOX. We cannot predict whether investors will find our Common Stock less attractive if we rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our Common Stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our Common Stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 
 In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards. This allows an emerging growth company to delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore, we will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 
 Reports published by analysts, including projections in those reports that differ from our actual results, could adversely affect the price and trading volume of our common shares. 
 Securities research analysts may establish and publish their own periodic projections for us. These projections may vary widely and may not accurately predict the results we actually achieve. The share price of our Common Stock may decline if our actual results do not match the projections of these securities research analysts. Similarly, if one or more of the analysts who write reports on us downgrades our stock or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, the share price of our Common Stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, the share price or trading volume of our Common Stock could decline. 

73 

Increased scrutiny of our environmental, social or governance responsibilities may result in additional costs and risks, and may adversely impact our reputation, employee retention, and willingness of customers and suppliers to do business with us. 
 Investor advocacy groups, proxy advisory services, investment funds, institutional investors, stockholders, and customers are increasingly focused on environmental, social, and governance ESG practices of companies. Additionally, public interest and legislative pressure related to public companies ESG practices continues to grow. For example, the SEC recently adopted final rules regarding climate-related disclosures in public companies periodic reporting. If our ESG practices fail to meet regulatory requirements or investor or other industry stakeholders' evolving expectations and standards for responsible corporate citizenship in areas including environmental stewardship, support for local communities, board and employee diversity, human capital management, employee health and safety practices, product quality, supply chain management, corporate governance and transparency, and employing ESG strategies in our operations, our brand, reputation and employee retention may be negatively impacted and customers and suppliers may be unwilling to do business with us. In addition, ESG reporting and disclosure may result in additional costs and require additional resources as well as additional attention from our board of directors and management. If we fail to adopt ESG standards or practices as quickly as stakeholders desire, report on our ESG efforts or practices accurately, or satisfy the expectations of stakeholders, or comply with applicable regulatory requirements, our reputation, business, financial performance, and growth may be adversely impacted. 
 74 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Securities Trading Plans of Directors and Executive Officers 
 During our last fiscal quarter, none of our directors or officers, as defined in Rule 16a-1(f), and/or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as defined in Regulation S-K Item 408. 
 75 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit 
 Number 
 Description 3.1 
 Certificate of Incorporation of Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 10, 2021) 
 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 2, 2023) 
 1 0.1 
 Offer Letter between Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. and Ken Suzuki dated July 5 , 2024 
 10. 2 
 Change in Control and Severance Agreement between Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. and Ken Suzuki dated September 16 , 202 4 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover page Interactive Data File (embedded with the Inline XBRL document) 
 __________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 The certifications attached as Exhibit 32.1 and 32.2 that accompany this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are deemed furnished and not filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, whether made before or after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 76 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 NAUTILUS BIOTECHNOLOGY, INC. Date: October 29, 2024 
 By: /s/ Sujal Patel Sujal Patel Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: October 29, 2024 
 By: /s/ Anna Mowry Anna Mowry Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 77 

<EX-101.SCH>
 2
 naut-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-10.1>
 3
 nautilusofferksuzuki202407.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

July 5, 2024 

Kentaro Suzuki 
 Via email 
 
 Re Offer of Employment 
 Dear Ken 
 I am pleased to offer you employment with Nautilus Subsidiary, Inc. (the Company or we in accordance with the terms of this offer letter agreement (the Agreement ). Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. Nautilus ), the Company, and each of Nautilus other subsidiaries are referred to in this Agreement as the Company Group . 
 1. Title Position Location . You will be employed by the Company and serve as the Company s and Nautilus Chief Marketing Officer. You will report to the Company s and Nautilus Chief Executive Officer and will perform the duties and responsibilities customary for such position and such other related duties as are reasonably assigned by the Chief Executive Officer. You will perform your duties from the Company s corporate offices located in San Carlos, California (with the exception of the period during which any shelter-in-place order, quarantine order, or similar work-from-home requirement affecting your ability to work at the Company s corporate offices remains in effect), subject to customary travel as reasonably required by the Company Group and necessary to perform your job duties. 
 2. Base Salary . Your initial annual base salary will be 420,000, which will be payable, less any applicable withholdings, in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices. Your base salary will be subject to review and adjustment from time to time by the Board of Directors of Nautilus (the Board or its Compensation Committee (the Committee as applicable, in its sole discretion. 
 3. Annual Bonus . For the Company s 2024 fiscal year, you will be eligible for a target annual cash bonus opportunity equal to forty-five percent (45 of your annual base salary. Any annual bonus will be subject to performance and other criteria established by the Board or the Committee, as applicable, in its sole discretion, and subject to your continued employment through the date that the bonus is paid to you. Your annual bonus opportunity and the applicable terms and conditions may be adjusted from time to time by the Board or the Committee, as applicable, in its sole discretion, and no amount of any annual bonus is guaranteed. In addition, the Board or the Committee, as applicable and in its sole discretion, may approve that the Company grant additional discretionary bonus amounts to you. 
 4. Signing Bonus. You will receive a cash signing bonus in a single lump sum in the amount of 20,000, less applicable withholdings, which will be paid in the Company s first payroll period following the first day of your employment with the Company. In the event that you resign your employment with the Company or your employment with the Company terminates prior to the one-year anniversary of the first day of your employment with the Company, you will be required to repay to the Company within thirty (30) days of your employment termination date, a prorated 

portion of the gross amount of such signing bonus, based on the number of whole months remaining in the twelve (12) month period measured from the first day of your employment with the Company. 
 5. Equity Awards . 
 a. Stock Options . It will be recommended that, subject to the approval of the Board or Committee, as applicable, Nautilus grant you an award of stock options (the Option to purchase 375,000 shares of the Nautilus common stock Shares under the Nautilus 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (or any successor plan, as applicable) (the Plan and an applicable option agreement thereunder, with an exercise price per Share that is no less than the fair market value per Share on the Option s date of grant, as determined by the Board. It will be recommended that the Option be scheduled to vest and become exercisable as to one-fourth (1 4 th of the Shares subject to the Option on the one-year anniversary of the vesting commencement date (as will be set forth in your option agreement), and as to one forty eighth (1 48 th of the Shares subject to the Option on a monthly basis thereafter on the same day of the month as the vesting commencement date (or the last day of the month, if a particular month does not have a corresponding day), subject to your continued service with the Company Group through the applicable vesting date. 
 6. Employee Benefits . You will be eligible to participate in the benefit plans and programs established by the Company for its employees (or other applicable Company Group member for its and or its subsidiaries employees) from time to time, subject to their applicable terms and conditions, including without limitation any eligibility requirements. The Company will reimburse you for reasonable travel or other expenses incurred by you in the furtherance of or in connection with the performance of your duties under this Agreement, pursuant to the terms of the Company s expense reimbursement policy as may be in effect from time to time. The Company Group reserves the right to modify, amend, suspend or terminate the benefit plans, programs, and arrangements it offers to its employees at any time. 
 7. Severance . You will be eligible to participate in the Company s Change in Control and Severance Agreement established, and as may be in effect from time to time, for senior-level employees that is applicable to you consistent with your position within the Company. 
 8. Confidentiality Agreement . As a condition of your employment with the Company, you will be required to sign and comply with an At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment Agreement and Arbitration Agreement (collectively the Confidentiality Agreement which requires, among other provisions, the assignment of patent rights to any invention made during your employment, non-disclosure of Company proprietary information, and the arbitration of disputes between you and the Company Group (subject to the terms and conditions of the arbitration provision set forth in the Confidentiality Agreement). Please note that we must receive your signed Confidentiality Agreement before your first day of employment. 
 9. At-Will Employment . This Agreement does not imply any right to your continued employment for any period with the Company or any parent, subsidiary, or other affiliate of the Company. Your employment with the Company is for no specified period and constitutes at-will employment. As a result, you are free to resign at any time, for any reason or for no reason. Similarly, the Company is free to conclude its employment relationship with you at any time, with or without cause, and with or without notice. We request that, in the event of resignation, you give the Company at least two weeks notice. Upon any termination of your employment relationship with the Company (or, if applicable, any other member of the Company Group), you will be deemed to have 

resigned from any and all officer and or director positions held at the Company Group or any of its affiliates without any further action required by you, except that at the Board s request, you agree to execute any documents reasonably necessary to reflect such resignations. 
 10. Background Check . The Company reserves the right to conduct background investigations and or reference checks on all of its potential employees. Your job offer, therefore, is contingent upon a clearance of such a background investigation and or reference check, if any. 
 11. Immigration Laws . For purposes of federal immigration law, you will be required to provide to the Company documentary evidence of your identity and eligibility for employment in the United States. Such documentation must be provided within three (3) business days of the effective date of your employment, or your employment relationship with the Company may be terminated. 
 12. Taxes . The Company Group (or any affiliate thereof, as applicable) will have the right and authority to deduct from any payments or benefits under this Agreement all applicable federal, state, and local taxes or other required withholdings and payroll deductions Withholdings ). Prior to the payment of any amounts or provision of any benefits under this Agreement, the Company Group (and any affiliate thereof, as applicable) is permitted to deduct or withhold, or require you to remit to the Company Group, an amount sufficient to satisfy any applicable Withholdings with respect to such payments and benefits. The payments and benefits under this Agreement are intended to be exempt from, or otherwise to comply with, Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and any regulations and other formal guidance promulgated thereunder Section 409A so that none of the payments and benefits under this Agreement will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities and ambiguous terms herein will be interpreted to be exempt or to so comply. Any taxable reimbursements payable to you under this Agreement will be paid, less applicable withholdings, only with respect to expenses incurred while you are employed with the Company (or other Company Group member, if and as applicable), no later than the last day of your taxable year immediately following your taxable year in which the expense was incurred by you. No such amounts reimbursable to you in one taxable year of yours will affect the amounts reimbursable to you in another taxable year of yours. Notwithstanding any contrary Agreement provision, the Company reserves the right to amend the Agreement as it deems necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without your consent or the consent of any other person or entity, to comply with Section 409A or to avoid income recognition under Section 409A or to otherwise avoid the imposition of additional tax under Section 409A prior to the actual payment or provision of any payments or benefits under this Agreement. In no event will you have any discretion to choose your taxable year in which any payments or benefits are provided under this Agreement. In no event will the Company Group, or any other affiliate of the Company Group have any responsibility, liability or obligation to reimburse or indemnify you or hold you harmless for any taxes imposed, or other costs incurred, as a result of Section 409A. 
 13. Additional Employment Provisions . During the term of your employment with the Company Group, you agree to perform your duties faithfully and to the best of your abilities and will devote your full business efforts and time to rendering services to the Company Group hereunder. Moreover, you agree that, during the term of your employment with the Company, you will not engage in any other employment, occupation, consulting or other business activity directly related to the business in which the Company Group is now involved or becomes involved during the term of your employment, nor will you engage in any other activities that conflict with your obligations to the Company Group. Nothing in this Agreement shall prohibit you from (a) making and managing 

passive investments, or (b) participating in professional and charitable organizations in an unpaid capacity, in a manner, and to an extent, that will not interfere or conflict with your duties or obligations to the Company Group, including under the Confidentiality Agreement. You agree not to bring any third party confidential information to the Company Group, including that of your former employer, and that in performing your duties for the Company Group you will not in any way utilize any such information. As an employee of a member of the Company Group, you will be expected to abide by the rules and standards of Nautilus and the Company (or any other member of the Company Group, as applicable). You agree that in the rendering of all services to the Company Group and in all aspects of employment with the Company, you will comply in all material respects with all lawful directives, policies, standards and regulations from time to time established by the Company Group. 
 14. Protected Activity Not Prohibited . Nothing in this Agreement or the Confidentiality Agreement (or any other Company agreement or policy) will prohibit you from engaging in any Protected Activity, as defined in the Confidentiality Agreement. 
 To accept the Company s offer, please sign and date in the spaces indicated below and return this Agreement to me. If you accept our offer, your first day of employment will be September 16, 2024 (your Start Date ). 
 
 We look forward to your favorable reply and to working with you at Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 Sincerely, 
 NAUTILUS BIOTECHNOLOGY, INC. 
 
 By s Sujal Patel 
 Sujal Patel 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Agreed to and accepted 
 s Kentaro Suzuki 
 Kentaro Suzuki 
 Dated 7 5 24 
 Enclosures to follow 
 Duplicate Original Letter 
 At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment Agreement and Arbitration Agreement 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 4
 suzukicicagmnt20240916.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 
 Exhibit 10.2 

 NAUTILUS SUBSIDIARY, INC. 
 
 CHANGE IN CONTROL AND SEVERANCE AGREEMENT 
 
 This Change in Control and Severance Agreement (the Agreement is made by and between Nautilus Subsidiary Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc., a Delaware corporation Nautilus ), and Kentaro Suzuki Executive ), effective as of the date this Agreement is executed by both the Company and Executive (the Effective Date ). Certain capitalized terms used in this Agreement are defined in Section 7 below. 
 
 This Agreement provides certain protections to Executive in connection with an involuntary termination of Executive s employment under the circumstances described in this Agreement, including in connection with a change in control of Nautilus. 
 
 The Company and Executive agree as follows 
 
 1. Term of Agreement . This Agreement will have an initial term of three (3) years commencing on the Effective Date (the Initial Term ). On the three (3) year anniversary of the Effective Date, this Agreement will renew automatically for additional, one (1) year terms (each, an Additional Term unless either party provides the other party with written notice of nonrenewal at least ninety (90) days prior to the date of automatic renewal. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a Change in Control occurs (a) when there are fewer than twelve (12) months remaining during the Initial Term or (b) during an Additional Term, then the term of this Agreement will extend automatically through the date that is twelve (12) months following the date of the Change in Control. If Executive becomes entitled to the benefits under Section 3 of this Agreement, then the Agreement will not terminate until all of the obligations of the parties hereto with respect to this Agreement have been satisfied. 
 2. At-Will Employment . The Company and Executive acknowledge that Executive s employment is and will continue to be at-will, as defined under applicable law. No payments, benefits, or provisions under this Agreement will confer upon Executive any right to continue Executive s employment, nor will they interfere with or limit in any way the right of the Company (or other applicable member of the Company Group) or Executive to terminate such relationship at any time, with or without cause, to the extent permitted by applicable laws. 
 3. Severance Benefits . 
 3.1. Qualifying Termination Outside of the Change in Control Period . In the event of a Qualifying Termination that occurs other than during the Change in Control Period, the Company will provide, or will cause to be provided, to Executive the following payments and benefits, subject to the requirements of this Agreement 
 3.1.1. Salary Severance . A single, lump sum, cash payment equal to fifty percent (50 of Executive s Salary. 

3.1.2. COBRA Severance . Subject to Executive timely electing continuation coverage under the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1985, as amended COBRA and further subject to Section 5.3, the Company Group-paid employer portion of the premiums required for continued coverage pursuant to COBRA under the Company Group s group health, dental and vision care plans for Executive and any of Executive s eligible dependents, as applicable, following the Qualifying Termination until the earliest of (a) six (6) months following the date of the Qualifying Termination, (b) the date on which Executive and Executive s eligible dependents (as applicable) become covered under similar plans, or (c) the expiration of Executive s (and any of Executive s eligible dependents , as applicable) eligibility for continuation coverage under COBRA. 
 3.2. Qualifying Termination During the Change in Control Period . In the event of a Qualifying Termination that occurs during the Change in Control Period, the Company will provide, or cause to be provided, to Executive the following payments and benefits, subject to the requirements of this Agreement 
 3.2.1. Salary Severance . A single, lump sum, cash payment equal to one hundred percent (100 of Executive s Salary. 
 3.2.2. Target Bonus Severance . A single, lump sum, cash payment equal to one hundred percent (100 of Executive s Target Bonus. 
 3.2.3. COBRA Severance . Subject to Executive timely electing continuation coverage under COBRA and further subject to Section 5.3, the Company Group-paid premiums required for continued coverage pursuant to COBRA under the Company Group s group health, dental and vision care plans for Executive and any of Executive s eligible dependents, as applicable, following the Qualifying Termination until the earliest of (a) twelve (12) months following the date of the Qualifying Termination, (b) the date on which Executive and Executive s eligible dependents (as applicable) become covered under similar plans, or (c) the expiration of Executive s (and any of Executive s eligible dependents, as applicable) eligibility for continuation coverage under COBRA. 
 3.2.4. Vesting Acceleration of Time-Based Awards . Vesting acceleration of one hundred percent (100 of any Time-Based Awards that are outstanding and unvested as of the date of the Qualifying Termination. For the avoidance of doubt, in the event of Executive s Qualifying Termination that occurs prior to a Change in Control, any then outstanding and unvested portion of Executive s Awards will remain outstanding (and unvested) until the earlier of (x) three (3) months following the Qualifying Termination, or (y) a Change in Control that occurs within three (3) months following the Qualifying Termination, solely so that any benefits due on a Qualifying Termination can be provided if the Qualifying Termination occurs during the Change in Control Period (provided that in no event will Executive s stock option Awards or similar Awards remain outstanding beyond the Award s maximum term to expiration). If no Change in Control occurs within three (3) months following a Qualifying Termination, any unvested portion of Executive s Awards automatically and permanently will be forfeited on the date three (3) months following the date of the Qualifying Termination without having vested. 
 -2- 

3.3. Termination Other Than a Qualifying Termination . If the termination of Executive s employment with the Company Group does not constitute a Qualifying Termination, then Executive will not be entitled to receive any severance or other benefits in connection with such termination except for those, if any, as may then be established under the Company Group s then existing severance and benefits plans or programs applicable to Executive. 
 3.4. Non-duplication of Payment or Benefits . For purposes of clarity, in the event of a Qualifying Termination that occurs during the period within three (3) months prior to a Change in Control, any severance payments and benefits to be provided to Executive under Section 3.2 will be reduced by any amounts that already were provided to Executive under Section 3.1. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if Executive is entitled to any cash severance, continued health coverage benefits, vesting acceleration of any Awards, or other severance or separation benefits similar to those provided under this Agreement, by operation of applicable law or under a plan, policy, contract, or arrangement sponsored by the Company or any other member of the Company Group or to which the Company or any other member of the Company Group is a party other than this Agreement Other Benefits ), then the corresponding severance payments and benefits under this Agreement will be reduced by the amount of Other Benefits paid or provided to Executive. 
 3.5. Death of Executive . In the event of Executive s death before all payments or benefits Executive is entitled to receive under this Agreement have been provided, the unpaid amounts will be provided to Executive s designated beneficiary, if living, or otherwise to Executive s personal representative in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 3.6. Transfer Between Company Group Members . For purposes of this Agreement, if Executive is involuntarily transferred from one member of the Company Group to another, such transfer will not constitute a termination without Cause, but depending on the circumstances, such transfer may give Executive the ability to resign for Good Reason, subject to Section 7.11 and other requirements set forth in this Agreement. 
 4. Accrued Compensation . On any termination of Executive s employment with the Company Group, Executive will be entitled to receive all accrued but unpaid vacation, expense reimbursements, wages, and other benefits due to Executive under any plans, policies, and arrangements of the Company (or other member of the Company Group, as applicable). 
 5. Conditions to Receipt of Severance . 
 5.1. Separation Agreement and Release of Claims . Executive s receipt of any severance payments or benefits upon a Qualifying Termination under Section 3 is subject to Executive signing and not revoking the Company Group s then standard separation agreement and release of claims (the Release ), which must become effective and irrevocable no later than the sixtieth (60th) day following the date of the Qualifying Termination (the Release Deadline Date ). If the Release does not become effective and irrevocable by the Release Deadline Date, Executive will forfeit any right to the severance payments or benefits under Section 3. 
 -3- 

5.2. Payment Timing . Any lump sum cash severance payments under Section 3 relating to salary severance and any bonus severance will be provided to Executive on the first regularly scheduled payroll date of the Company (or other then-applicable member of the Company Group) following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable (or with respect to such payments under Section 3.2, if later, on the date of the Change in Control), subject to any delay required by Section 5.4 below. Any Time-Based Awards that are restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, and or similar full value awards Full Value Awards that accelerate vesting under Section 3.2.4 will be settled, subject to any delay required by Section 5.4 below (or the terms of the Full Value Award agreement or other Company Group plan, policy, or arrangement governing the settlement timing of the Full Value Award to the extent such terms specifically require any such delay in order to comply with the requirements of Section 409A, as applicable), (a) on a date within ten (10) days following the date the Release becomes effective and irrevocable, or (b) if later, in the event of a Qualifying Termination that occurs prior to a Change in Control, on a date on or before the date of completion of the Change in Control. 
 5.3. COBRA Severance Limitations . If the Company (or other applicable member of the Company Group) determines in its sole discretion that it cannot provide the COBRA-related benefits set forth in Section 3.1.2 or 3.2.3, as applicable (the COBRA Severance without potentially violating, or being subject to an excise tax under, applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then in lieu of such COBRA Severance, subject to any delay required by Section 5.4 below, the Company will provide, or cause to be provided, to Executive a taxable monthly payment payable on the last day of a given month (except as provided by the last sentence in this Section 5.3), in an amount equal to (x) in the case of COBRA Severance under Section 3.1.2, the employer portion of the monthly COBRA premium necessary to continue coverage under the Company Group s group health, dental and vision care plans for Executive and any of Executive s eligible dependents, as applicable, as in effect on the date of the Qualifying Termination, or (y) in the case of COBRA Severance under Section 3.2.3, the monthly COBRA premium that would be required to continue coverage under the Company Group s group health, dental and vision care plans for Executive and Executive s eligible dependents, as applicable, as in effect on the date of the Qualifying Termination, in each case, which amount will be based on the premium rates applicable for the first month of COBRA Severance for Executive and any eligible dependents of Executive (each, a COBRA Replacement Payment ), and which COBRA Replacement Payments will be made regardless of whether Executive elects COBRA continuation coverage and will end on the earlier of (a) the date upon which Executive obtains other employment, or (b) the date the Company Group has paid an amount totaling the number of COBRA Replacement Payments equal to the number of months in the applicable COBRA Severance period set forth in clause (a) of Section 3.1.2 or Section 3.2.3, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the COBRA Replacement Payments may be used for any purpose, including, but not limited to continuation coverage under COBRA, and will be subject to any applicable withholdings. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary under this Agreement, if the Company (or other applicable member of the Company Group) determines in its sole discretion at any time that it cannot provide the COBRA Replacement Payments without violating applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), Executive will not receive the COBRA Replacement Payments or any further COBRA Severance. 
 -4- 

5.4. Section 409A . The Company intends that all payments and benefits provided under this Agreement or otherwise are exempt from, or comply with, the requirements of Section 409A so that none of the payments or benefits will be subject to the additional tax imposed under Section 409A, and any ambiguities and ambiguous terms in this Agreement will be interpreted in accordance with this intent. No payments or benefits to be provided to Executive, if any, under this Agreement or otherwise, when considered together with any other severance payments or separation benefits that are considered deferred compensation under Section 409A (together, the Deferred Payments will be paid or otherwise provided until Executive has a separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. To the extent required to be exempt from or comply with Section 409A, references to the termination of Executive s employment or similar phrases used in this Agreement will mean Executive s separation from service within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 5.4.1. Any payments or benefits paid or provided under this Agreement that satisfy the requirements of the short-term deferral rule under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(4), or that qualify as payments made as a result of an involuntary separation from service under Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-1(b)(9)(iii) that is within the limit set forth thereunder, will not constitute Deferred Payments for purposes of this Section 5.4. 
 5.4.2. Notwithstanding any provisions to the contrary in this Agreement, if Executive is a specified employee within the meaning of Section 409A at the time of Executive s separation from service (other than due to death), then any payments or benefits under this Agreement that constitute Deferred Payments payable within the first six (6) months after Executive s separation from service instead will be payable on the date six (6) months and one (1) day after Executive s separation from service provided that in the event of Executive s death within such six (6) month period, any payments delayed by this Section 5.4.2 will be paid to Executive in a lump sum as soon as administratively practicable after the date of Executive s death. To the extent that Executive is not a specified employee but Executive s Qualifying Termination occurs at a time during the year whereby the Release Deadline Date will occur in the year immediately following the year in which the Qualifying Termination occurs, then any payments or benefits under this Agreement that constitute Deferred Payments that otherwise would be payable prior to the Release Deadline Date instead will be paid on the Release Deadline Date. 
 5.4.3. The Company reserves the right to amend this Agreement as it considers necessary or advisable, in its sole discretion and without the consent of Executive or any other individual, to comply with any provision required to avoid the imposition of the additional tax imposed under Section 409A or to otherwise avoid income recognition under Section 409A prior to the actual payment of any benefits or imposition of any additional tax. Each payment, installment, and benefit payable under this Agreement is intended to constitute a separate payment for purposes of Treasury Regulations Section 1.409A-2(b)(2). In no event will Executive have any discretion to choose Executive s taxable year in which any payments or benefits are provided under this Agreement. In no event will the Company Group or any affiliate of the Company Group have any responsibility, liability or obligation to reimburse, indemnify or hold harmless Executive for any taxes, penalties or interest that may be imposed, or other costs that may be incurred, as a result of Section 409A. 
 -5- 

6. Limitation on Payments . 
 6.1. Reduction of Severance Benefits . If any payment or benefit that Executive would receive from the Company Group or any other party whether in connection with the provisions in this Agreement or otherwise (the Payments would (a) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code and (b) but for this sentence, be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax ), then the Payments will be either delivered in full, or delivered as to such lesser extent that would result in no portion of the Payments being subject to the Excise Tax, whichever of the foregoing amounts, taking into account the applicable federal, state and local income taxes and the Excise Tax, results in Executive s receipt, on an after-tax basis, of the greatest amount of Payments, notwithstanding that all or some of the Payments may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in Payments is made in accordance with the immediately preceding sentence, the reduction will occur, with respect to the Payments considered parachute payments within the meaning of Code Section 280G, in the following order (i) reduction of cash payments in reverse chronological order (that is, the cash payment owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the Excise Tax will be the first cash payment to be reduced) (ii) cancellation of equity awards that were granted contingent on a change in ownership or control within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code in the reverse order of date of grant of the equity awards (that is, the most recently granted equity awards will be cancelled first) (iii) reduction of the accelerated vesting of equity awards in the reverse order of date of grant of the equity awards (that is, the vesting of the most recently granted equity awards will be cancelled first) and (iv) reduction of employee benefits in reverse chronological order (that is, the benefit owed on the latest date following the occurrence of the event triggering the Excise Tax will be the first benefit to be reduced). In no event will Executive have any discretion with respect to the ordering of Payment reductions. Executive will be solely responsible for the payment of all personal tax liability that is incurred as a result of the payments and benefits received under this Agreement, and neither the Company Group nor any affiliate of the Company Group have any responsibility, liability or obligation to reimburse, indemnify or hold harmless Executive for any of those payments of personal tax liability. 
 6.2. Determination of Excise Tax Liability . Unless the Company (or Nautilus, as applicable) and Executive otherwise agree in writing, any determinations required under this Section 6 will be made in writing by a nationally recognized accounting or valuation firm (the Firm selected by the Company (or Nautilus, as applicable), whose determinations will be conclusive and binding upon Executive and the Company Group for all purposes. For purposes of making the calculations required by this Section 6, the Firm may make reasonable assumptions and approximations concerning applicable taxes and may rely on reasonable, good faith interpretations concerning the application of Sections 280G and 4999 of the Code. The Company Group and Executive will furnish to the Firm such information and documents as the Firm reasonably may request in order to make determinations under this Section 6. The Company will bear the costs and make all payments required to be made to the Firm for the Firm s services that are rendered in connection with any calculations contemplated by this Section 6. The Company Group will have no liability to Executive for the determinations of the Firm. 
 
 -6- 

7. Definitions . 
 7.1. Award means stock options and other equity awards covering shares of Nautilus common stock granted to Executive. 
 7.2. Board means the Board of Directors of Nautilus. 
 7.3. Cause means (a) Executive s failure to substantially perform Executive s material duties and obligations as an employee (for reasons other than Executive s death or Disability), which failure is not cured to the sole and reasonable satisfaction of the Company (b) Executive s failure or refusal to comply with the policies, standards and regulations established by the Company Group from time to time, which failure is not cured to the sole and reasonable satisfaction of the Company (c) any act of personal dishonesty, moral turpitude, fraud, embezzlement, misrepresentation, or other unlawful act committed by Executive that results in harm to Nautilus or any other member of the Company Group, or any of their respective affiliates, including financial or reputational, which harm will be determined in the Company s sole and reasonable discretion (d) Executive s violation of a federal or state law or regulation applicable to the business of Nautilus or any other member of the Company Group, or any of their respective affiliates (e) Executive being convicted of, or entering a plea of nolo contendere or guilty to, a felony under the laws of the United States or its equivalent in the jurisdiction in which the act that constituted the felony occurred (f) Executive s material breach of the terms of this Agreement or any other agreement between Executive and any member of the Company Group (or any affiliate of the Company Group) or (g) Nautilus or the Company s economic duress or necessity, as determined by the Company, in its sole and reasonable discretion. With respect to clauses (a) and (b) above only, Executive will have ten (10) days to cure following written notice of Executive s failure or refusal to perform or comply, provided that whether the failure is curable will be within the Company s sole and reasonable discretion. 
 7.4. Change in Control means the first occurrence of any of the following events on or after the Effective Date 
 7.4.1. Change in Ownership of Nautilus . A change in the ownership of Nautilus which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group Person ), acquires ownership of the stock of Nautilus that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of the stock of Nautilus provided, however, that for purposes of this subsection, the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person, who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power of the stock of Nautilus will not be considered a Change in Control provided, further, that any change in the ownership of the stock of Nautilus as a result of a private financing of Nautilus that is approved by the Board also will not be considered a Change in Control. Further, if the stockholders of Nautilus immediately before such change in ownership continue to retain immediately after the change in ownership, in substantially the same proportions as their ownership of shares of Nautilus voting stock immediately prior to the change in ownership, direct or indirect beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50 or more of the total voting power of the stock of Nautilus or of the ultimate parent entity of Nautilus, such event shall not be 
 -7- 

considered a Change in Control under this Section 7.4.1. For this purpose, indirect beneficial ownership shall include, without limitation, an interest resulting from ownership of the voting securities of one or more corporations or other business entities which own Nautilus, as the case may be, either directly or through one or more subsidiary corporations or other business entities or 
 7.4.2. Change in Effective Control of Nautilus . If Nautilus has a class of securities registered pursuant to Section 12 of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, a change in the effective control of Nautilus which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any twelve (12) month period by Directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this Section 7.4.2, if any Person is considered to be in effective control of Nautilus, the acquisition of additional control of Nautilus by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control or 
 7.4.3. Change in Ownership of a Substantial Portion of Nautilus Assets . A change in the ownership of a substantial portion of Nautilus assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such Person or Persons) assets from Nautilus that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50 of the total gross fair market value of all of the assets of Nautilus immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions provided, however, that for purposes of this Section 7.4.3, the following will not constitute a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of Nautilus assets (a) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by Nautilus stockholders immediately after the transfer, or (b) a transfer of assets by Nautilus to (i) a stockholder of Nautilus (immediately before the asset transfer) in exchange for or with respect to Nautilus stock, (ii) an entity, fifty percent (50 or more of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by Nautilus, (iii) a Person, that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty percent (50 or more of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of Nautilus, or (iv) an entity, at least fifty percent (50 of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person described in this Section 7.4.3(b)(iii). For purposes of this Section 7.4.3, gross fair market value means the value of the assets of Nautilus, or the value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. 
 For purposes of this Change in Control definition under Section 7.4, persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with Nautilus. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, a transaction will not be deemed a Change in Control unless the transaction qualifies as a change in control event within the meaning of Section 409A. Further and for the avoidance of doubt, a transaction will not constitute a Change in Control if (x) its sole purpose is to change the jurisdiction of Nautilus incorporation, or (y) its sole purpose is to create a holding company that will be owned in substantially the same proportions by the persons who held Nautilus securities immediately before such transaction. 
 -8- 

7.5. Change in Control Period means the period beginning on the date three (3) months prior to a Change in Control and ending on (and inclusive of) the date that is the one (1) year anniversary of a Change in Control. 
 7.6. Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. Reference to a specific section of the Code or regulation thereunder will include such section or regulation, any valid regulation promulgated under such section, and any comparable provision of any future legislation or regulation amending, supplementing or superseding such section or regulation. 
 7.7. Company Group means Nautilus, the Company, and each of Nautilus other subsidiaries. 
 7.8. Confidentiality Agreement means Executive s At-Will Employment, Confidential Information, Invention Assignment and Arbitration Agreements or similar agreements entered into with the Company including that which is dated of even date herewith, as amended from time to time. 
 7.9. Director means a member of the Board. 
 7.10. Disability means total and permanent disability as defined in Code Section 22(e)(3). 
 7.11. Good Reason means Executive s termination of Executive s employment with the Company Group within ninety (90) days following the expiration of the Company s Cure Period (as defined below) following the occurrence of any of the following without Executive s written consent (a) a material reduction in Executive s responsibilities, provided that neither a mere change in title nor reassignment following a Change in Control to a position that is substantially similar to the position held prior to the Change in Control will constitute a material reduction in job responsibilities (b) relocation by the Company Group (or parent, affiliate or successor thereto, as applicable) of Executive s principal work location to a principal work location more than forty (40) miles from Executive s principal work location immediately before such relocation or (c) a reduction in Executive s then current base salary by at least ten percent (10 ), provided that an across-the-board reduction in the salary level of all other similarly situated employees by the same percentage amount as part of a general salary level reduction will not constitute such a reduction under this clause (c). In order for an event to qualify as Good Reason, Executive must not terminate employment with the Company Group without first providing the Company Group with written notice of the acts or omissions constituting the grounds for Good Reason within ninety (90) days following the initial existence of the grounds for Good Reason and a cure period of thirty (30) days following the date of such notice (the Cure Period ). To the extent Executive s principal work location is not the Company Group s corporate offices or facilities due to a shelter-in-place order, quarantine order, or similar work-from-home requirement that applies to Executive, Executive s principal work location, from which a change in location under the foregoing clause (b) will be measured, will be considered the Company Group s office or facility location where Executive s employment with the Company Group primarily was based immediately prior to the 
 -9- 

commencement of such shelter-in-place order, quarantine order, or similar work-from-home requirement. 
 7.12. Qualifying Termination means a termination of Executive s employment with the Company Group either (a) by the Company Group without Cause and other than due to Executive s death or Disability (provided that the transfer of Executive s employment to another member of the Company Group shall not be deemed to constitute the Company s termination of Executive s employment with the Company Group), or (b) by Executive for Good Reason. 
 7.13. Salary means Executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to Executive s Qualifying Termination (or, if the termination is due to a resignation for Good Reason based on a material reduction in Executive s base salary, then Executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the reduction) or, if Executive s Qualifying Termination occurs during the Change in Control Period and the amount is greater, Executive s annual base salary in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control. 
 7.14. Section 409A means Code Section 409A and the Treasury Regulations and guidance thereunder, and any applicable state law equivalent, as each may be promulgated, amended or modified from time to time. 
 7.15. Target Bonus means Executive s annual (or annualized, as applicable) target bonus in effect immediately prior to Executive s Qualifying Termination or, if Executive s Qualifying Termination occurs during the Change in Control Period and the amount is greater, Executive s annual (or annualized, if applicable) target bonus in effect immediately prior to the Change in Control. 
 7.16. Time-Based Awards means Awards that, as of the date of the Qualifying Termination, or in the case of a Qualifying Termination during the Change in Control Period, the later of the date of the Qualifying Termination or immediately prior to the Change in Control, are held by Executive and subject to continued service-based vesting criteria, but not subject to the achievement of any performance-based or other similar vesting criteria. 
 8. Successors . This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of (a) the heirs, executors, and legal representatives of Executive upon Executive s death, and (b) any successor of the Company Group. Any such successor of the Company Group will be deemed substituted for the Company Group under the terms of this Agreement for all purposes. For this purpose, successor means any person, firm, corporation, or other business entity which at any time, whether by purchase, merger, or otherwise, directly or indirectly acquires all or substantially all of the assets or business of the Company Group. None of the rights of Executive to receive any form of compensation payable pursuant to this Agreement may be assigned or transferred except by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any other attempted assignment, transfer, conveyance, or other disposition of Executive s right to compensation or other benefits will be null and void. 
 
 -10- 

9. Notice . 
 9.1. General . All notices and other communications required or permitted under this Agreement will be in writing and will be effectively given (a) upon actual delivery to the party to be notified, (b) upon transmission by email, (c) twenty-four (24) hours after confirmed facsimile transmission, (d) one (1) business day after deposit with a recognized overnight courier, or (e) three (3) business days after deposit with the U.S. Postal Service by first class certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, addressed (i) if to Executive, at the address Executive will have most recently furnished to the Company in writing, (ii) if to the Company, at the following address 
 Nautilus Subsidiary, Inc. 
 2701 Eastlake Avenue East 
 Seattle, WA 98102 
 Attention Chief Executive Officer 
 9.2. Notice of Termination . Any termination of Executive s employment by the Company Group for Cause will be communicated by a notice of termination of Executive s employment to Executive, and any termination by Executive for Good Reason will be communicated by a notice of termination to the Company Group, in each case given in accordance with Section 9.1. The notice will indicate the specific termination provision in this Agreement relied upon, will set forth in reasonable detail the facts and circumstances claimed to provide a basis for termination under the provision so indicated, and will specify the termination date (which will be not more than thirty (30) days after the later of (i) the giving of the notice or (ii) the end of any applicable cure period, except as set forth in Section 7.11). 
 10. Resignation . The termination of Executive s employment with the Company Group for any reason also will constitute, without any further required action by Executive, Executive s voluntary resignation from all officer and or director positions held at the Company Group or any of its affiliates, and at the Company Group s request, Executive will execute any documents reasonably necessary to reflect the resignations. 
 11. Miscellaneous Provisions . 
 11.1. No Duty to Mitigate . Executive will not be required to mitigate the amount of any payment contemplated by this Agreement, nor will any payment be reduced by any earnings that Executive may receive from any other source except as specified in Sections 3.4, 5.3, 5.4.3, and 6. 
 11.2. Waiver Amendment . No provision of this Agreement will be modified, waived or discharged unless the modification, waiver or discharge is agreed to in writing and signed by an authorized officer of the Company (other than Executive) and by Executive. No waiver by either party of any breach of, or of compliance with, any condition or provision of this Agreement by the other party will be considered a waiver of any other condition or provision or of the same condition or provision at another time. 
 -11- 

11.3. Headings . Headings are provided herein for convenience only, and will not serve as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Agreement. 
 11.4. Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the Confidentiality Agreement, Nautilus 2021 Equity Incentive Plan and or 2017 Equity Incentive Plan and award agreements thereunder governing Executive s Awards, and employment offer letter entered into with the Company on July 5, 2024, constitutes the entire agreement of the parties and supersedes in their entirety all prior representations, understandings, undertakings or agreements (whether oral or written and whether expressed or implied) of the parties with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement, including, without limitation, any Change in Control and Severance Agreement previously entered into between Executive and Nautilus, as applicable. 
 11.5. Governing Law . This Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of California but without regard to the conflict of law provision. To the extent that any lawsuit is permitted with respect to any provisions under this Agreement, Executive hereby expressly consents to the personal and exclusive jurisdiction and venue of the state and federal courts located in the State of California for any lawsuit filed against Executive by the Company Group. 
 11.6. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is or becomes or is deemed to be invalid, illegal, or unenforceable for any reason, such invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability will not affect the remaining parts of this Agreement, and this Agreement will be construed and enforced as if the invalid, illegal, or unenforceable provision had not been included. 
 11.7. Withholding . The Company (and any parent, subsidiary or other affiliate of the Company or other member of the Company Group, as applicable) will have the right and authority to deduct from any payments or benefits all applicable federal, state, local, and or non U.S. taxes or other required withholdings and payroll deductions Withholdings ). Prior to the payment of any amounts or provision of any benefits under this Agreement, the Company (and any parent, subsidiary or other affiliate of the Company or other member of the Company Group, as applicable) is permitted to deduct or withhold, or require Executive to remit to the Company Group, an amount sufficient to satisfy any applicable Withholdings with respect to such payments and benefits. Neither the Company nor any parent, subsidiary or other affiliate of the Company or other member of the Company Group will have any responsibility, liability or obligation to pay Executive s taxes arising from or relating to any payments or benefits under this Agreement. 
 11.8. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original, but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. 
 Signature page follows 
 
 -12- 

By its signature below, each of the parties signifies its acceptance of the terms of this Agreement, in the case of the Company by its duly authorized officer. 
 
 COMPANY NAUTILUS SUBSIDIARY, INC. 
 By s Sujal Patel 
 Sujal Patel 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 Date 9 16 24 
 NAUTILUS NAUTILUS BIOTECHNOLOGY , INC. 
 By s Sujal Patel 
 Sujal Patel 
 Title Chief Executive Officer 
 Date 9 16 24 
 
 EXECUTIVE s Kentaro Suzuki 
 Kentaro Suzuki 
 Date 9 16 24 

Signature page to Nautilus Subsidiary, Inc. Change in Control and Severance Agreement 
 -13- 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311-q324.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Sujal Patel, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 By s Sujal Patel Sujal Patel President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312-q324.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Anna Mowry, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 By s Anna Mowry Anna Mowry 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321-q324.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Sujal Patel, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date October 29, 2024 
 By s Sujal Patel Sujal Patel President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit322-q324.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Nautilus Biotechnology, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Anna Mowry, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date October 29, 2024 
 By s Anna Mowry Anna Mowry 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 naut-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 naut-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 naut-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 naut-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

