<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_1403475_0001403475-24-000053.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15938333</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>137280</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1785236</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7597303</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3022574</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2986153</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001403475-24-000053.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108144839
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001403475-24-000053
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Bank of Marin Bancorp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001403475
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				208859754
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33572
		FILM NUMBER:		241440024

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		504 REDWOOD BOULEVARD, SUITE 100
		CITY:			NOVATO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94947
		BUSINESS PHONE:		415-763-7781

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		504 REDWOOD BOULEVARD, SUITE 100
		CITY:			NOVATO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94947

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001403475-24-000053.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 bmrc-20240930.htm
 10-Q

bmrc-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from __________________ to __________________ 
 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive office) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and formal fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 As of October 31, 2024, there wer e shares of common stock outstanding. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 3 
 ITEM 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Condition 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 49 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 50 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 51 
 ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 51 
 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 51 
 ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 52 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 52 
 ITEM 5. Other Information 
 52 
 ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 53 
 SIGNATURES 

Page-2 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. Financial Statements 
 
 BANK OF MARIN BANCORP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CONDITION 
 
 (in thousands, except share data; unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Investment securities: Held-to-maturity, at amortized cost (net of allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Available-for-sale, at fair value (net of allowance for credit losses at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Total investment securities Loans, at amortized cost Allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) Loans, net of allowance for credit losses on loans 
 Goodwill Bank-owned life insurance Operating lease right-of-use assets Bank premises and equipment, net Core deposit intangible, net Interest receivable and other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Liabilities Deposits: Non-interest bearing Interest bearing: Transaction accounts Savings accounts Money market accounts Time accounts Total deposits Borrowings and other obligations Operating lease liabilities Interest payable and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingent liabilities (Note 8) shares, issued 
 Common stock, no par value, 
 Authorized - shares; issued and outstanding - and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 Page-3 

BANK OF MARIN BANCORP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 Three months ended Nine months ended (in thousands, except per share amounts; unaudited) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest income Interest and fees on loans Interest on investment securities Interest on federal funds sold and due from banks Total interest income Interest expense Interest on interest-bearing transaction accounts Interest on savings accounts Interest on money market accounts Interest on time accounts Interest on borrowings and other obligations Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses on loans Reversal of credit losses on unfunded loan commitments ) ) ) Net interest income after provision for (reversal of) credit losses Non-interest income Wealth management and trust services Service charges on deposit accounts Earnings on bank-owned life insurance, net Debit card interchange fees, net Dividends on Federal Home Loan Bank stock Merchant interchange fees, net Gains (losses) on sale of investment securities ) ) Other income Total non-interest income ) ) Non-interest expense Salaries and related benefits Occupancy and equipment Professional services Data processing Deposit network fees Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance Information technology Depreciation and amortization Directors' expense Amortization of core deposit intangible Charitable contributions Other real estate owned Other expense Total non-interest expense Income (loss) before provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) ) Provision for (benefit from) income taxes ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) per common share Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average shares: Basic Diluted Comprehensive income (loss): Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in net unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale securities ) ) Reclassification adjustment for realized (gains) losses on available-for-sale securities in net income ) Reclassification adjustment for gains or losses on fair value hedges ) ) Amortization of net unrealized losses on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Other comprehensive income (loss), before tax ) ) Deferred tax expense (benefit) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 Page-4 

BANK OF MARIN BANCORP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (in thousands, except share data; unaudited) Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Taxes Total Shares Amount Three months ended September 30, 2024 Balance at July 1, 2024 ) Net income 
 Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Stock issued under employee stock ownership plan Restricted stock surrendered for tax withholdings upon vesting ) ) ) Restricted stock forfeited / cancelled ) Stock-based compensation - stock options Stock-based compensation - restricted stock Cash dividends paid on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Stock issued in payment of director fees Stock repurchased 
 ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Three months ended September 30, 2023 Balance at July 1, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Stock issued under employee stock ownership plan Restricted stock granted Restricted stock forfeited / cancelled ) Stock-based compensation - stock options Stock-based compensation - restricted stock Cash dividends paid on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Stock issued in payment of director fees Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 BANK OF MARIN BANCORP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 (in thousands, except share data; unaudited) Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Taxes Total Shares Amount Nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 Balance at January 1, 2024 ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Stock issued under employee stock ownership plan Restricted stock granted Restricted stock surrendered for tax withholdings upon vesting ) ) ) Restricted stock forfeited / cancelled ) Stock-based compensation - stock options Stock-based compensation - restricted stock Cash dividends paid on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Stock issued in payment of director fees Stock repurchased 
 ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Balance at January 1, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax 
 ) ) Stock options exercised, net of shares surrendered for cashless exercises and tax withholdings Stock issued under employee stock purchase plan Stock issued under employee stock ownership plan Restricted stock granted Restricted stock surrendered for tax withholdings upon vesting ) ) ) Restricted stock forfeited / cancelled ) Stock-based compensation - stock options Stock-based compensation - restricted stock Cash dividends paid on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Stock issued in payment of director fees Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 

Page-5 

BANK OF MARIN BANCORP CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 (in thousands; unaudited) 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Provision for credit losses on loans Reversal of credit losses on unfunded loan commitments ) ) Noncash contribution expense to employee stock ownership plan Noncash director compensation expense Stock-based compensation expense Amortization of core deposit intangible Amortization of investment security premiums, net of accretion of discounts Accretion of discounts on acquired loans, net ) ) Net change in deferred loan origination costs/fees ) Write-down of other real estate owned Loss (gain) on sale of investment securities 
 ) Depreciation and amortization Earnings on bank-owned life insurance policies ) ) Net changes in interest receivable and other assets ) Net changes in interest payable and other liabilities ) Total adjustments Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Purchase of available-for-sale securities ) Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale securities Proceeds from paydowns/maturities of held-to-maturity securities Proceeds from paydowns/maturities of available-for-sale securities Proceeds from sale of Visa Inc. Class B restricted common stock Decrease in loans receivable, net Purchase of loans 
 ) Purchase of bank-owned life insurance policies ) Proceeds from bank-owned life insurance policies Purchase of premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of premises and equipment Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Cash paid for low income housing tax credit investment ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Net increase (decrease) in deposits 
 ) (Repayment of) proceeds from short-term borrowings, net ) Repayment of finance lease obligations ) ) Proceeds from stock options exercised Restricted stock surrendered for tax withholdings upon vesting ) ) Cash dividends paid on common stock ) ) Stock repurchased 
 ) Proceeds from stock issued under employee and director stock purchase plans Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid on deposits and borrowings Income taxes paid, net of refunds Supplemental disclosure of noncash investing and financing activities: Change in net unrealized gains or losses on available-for-sale securities ) Amortization of net unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities transferred to held-to-maturity Stock issued to employee stock ownership plan Restricted cash 1 
 
 1 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 Page-6 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Unaudited) 

Note 1: 

Potentially dilutive common shares related to: Stock options Unvested restricted stock awards Weighted average diluted common shares outstanding Net income (loss) 
 ) Basic earnings (loss) per common share 
 ) Diluted earnings (loss) per common share 1 
 ) Weighted average anti-dilutive common shares not included in the calculation of diluted EPS 1 Because Bancorp was in a net loss position for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, diluted net loss per share is the same as basic net loss per share, as the inclusion of potentially dilutive common shares would have been anti-dilutive. 

Note 2: 
 
 Page-7 

Page-8 

Note 3: 
 
 OCI SBA-backed securities OCI Debentures of government sponsored agencies OCI U.S. Treasury securities OCI Obligations of state and political subdivisions OCI Corporate bonds OCI Derivative financial assets (interest rate contracts) NI Derivative financial liabilities (interest rate contracts) NI December 31, 2023 Securities available-for-sale: Commercial mortgage-backed securities, mortgage-backed securities and collateralized mortgage obligations issued by U.S. government-sponsored agencies 
 OCI SBA-backed securities OCI Debentures of government sponsored agencies OCI U.S. Treasury securities OCI Obligations of state and political subdivisions OCI Corporate bonds OCI Derivative financial assets (interest rate contracts) NI Derivative financial liabilities (interest rate contracts) NI 
 1 Other comprehensive income ("OCI") or net income ("NI"). 
 
 Page-9 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were Level 3 securities. 
 
 We did record any credit loss expense on held-to-maturity securities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or September 30, 2023. 
 
 (in thousands) Carrying Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) 
 Disclosures about Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 Level 1 Level 1 Investment securities held-to-maturity Level 2 Level 2 Loans, net of allowance for credit losses Level 3 Level 3 Interest receivable Level 2 Level 2 Financial liabilities (recorded at amortized cost) Time deposits Level 2 Level 2 FRBSF short-term borrowings under the BTFP 
 Level 2 Level 2 Interest payable Level 2 Level 2 
 Page-10 

The fair value of commitment fees was not material as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 

Note 4: 
 ) CMOs issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) MBS pass-through securities issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) SBA-backed securities ) Debentures of government-sponsored agencies ) Obligations of state and political subdivisions ) Corporate bonds ) Total held-to-maturity ) December 31, 2023 
 Securities of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises: CMBS issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) CMOs issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) MBS pass-through securities issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) SBA-backed securities ) Debentures of government-sponsored agencies ) Obligations of state and political subdivisions ) Corporate bonds ) Total held-to-maturity ) 1 Amortized cost and fair values exclude accrued interest receivable of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which is included in interest receivable and other assets in the consolidated statements of condition. 

Management measures expected credit losses on held-to-maturity securities collectively by major security type with each type sharing similar risk characteristics and considers historical credit loss information that is adjusted for current conditions and reasonable and supportable forecasts. With regard to MBS, CMBS and CMOs issued or guaranteed by the GSEs, and SBA-backed securities, we expect to receive all the contractual principal and interest on these securities as such securities are backed by the full faith and credit of and/or guaranteed by the U.S. government. Accordingly, allowance for credit losses has been recorded for these securities. With regard to securities issued by states and political subdivisions and corporate bonds, management considers: (i) issuer and/or 
 Page-11 

cred it losses are expected. 
 
 Aa1 / AA+ A2 / A Total 
 
 ) CMOs issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) MBS pass-through securities issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) SBA-backed securities ) Debentures of government- sponsored agencies ) U.S. Treasury securities ) Obligations of state and political subdivisions ) Corporate bonds ) Total available-for-sale ) December 31, 2023 
 Securities of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises: CMBS issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) CMOs issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) MBS pass-through securities issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) SBA-backed securities ) Debentures of government- sponsored agencies ) U.S. Treasury securities ) Obligations of state and political subdivisions ) Corporate bonds ) Total available-for-sale ) 1 Amortized cost and fair value exclude accrued interest receivable of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which is included in interest receivable and other assets in the consolidated statements of condition. 

Page-12 

After one but within five years After five years through ten years After ten years Total 
 
 Gross realized gains Gross realized losses ) ) ) Sale of equity securities: 1 
 Sales proceeds Gross realized gain 
 1 Refer to VISA Inc. Class B Common Stock section below for more information. 
 
 Collateral for trust deposits Collateral for Wealth Management and Trust Services checking account Total investment securities pledged to the State of California Bankruptcy trustee deposits pledged with Federal Reserve Bank Pledged to FHLB Securities-Backed Credit Program Pledged to the Federal Reserve "BTFP" Pledged to the Federal Reserve Discount Window Total pledged investment securities 
 
 Page-13 

and securities in unrealized loss positions at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 ) ) ) CMOs issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) ) ) MBS pass-through securities issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) ) SBA-backed securities ) ) Debentures of government-sponsored agencies ) ) Obligations of state and political subdivisions ) ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Total held-to-maturity ) ) ) Available-for-sale: CMBS issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) ) ) CMOs issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) ) MBS pass-through securities issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) ) SBA-backed securities ) ) Debentures of government- sponsored agencies ) ) U.S. Treasury securities ) ) Obligations of state and political subdivisions ) ) Corporate bonds ) ) Total available-for-sale ) ) ) Total securities at loss position ) ) ) 
 Page-14 

) ) ) CMOs issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) ) ) MBS pass-through securities issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) ) SBA-backed securities ) ) Debentures of government- sponsored agencies ) ) Obligations of state and political subdivisions ) ) Corporate Bonds ) ) Total held-to-maturity ) ) ) Available-for-sale: CMBS issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) ) ) CMOs issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) ) MBS pass-through securities issued by FHLMC, FNMA and GNMA ) ) SBA-backed securities ) ) Debentures of government- sponsored agencies ) ) U.S. Treasury securities ) ) Obligations of state and political subdivisions ) ) ) Corporate Bonds ) ) Total available-for-sale ) ) ) Total securities at loss position ) ) ) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the investment portfolio included investment securities that had been in a continuous loss position for twelve months or more and investment securities that had been in a loss position for less than twelve months. 
 
 Securities issued by government-sponsored agencies, such as FNMA and FHLMC, usually have implicit credit support from the U.S. federal government. However, since 2008, FNMA and FHLMC have been under government conservatorship and, therefore, contractual cash flows for these investments carry explicit guarantees by the U.S. federal government while FNMA and FHLMC remain under conservatorship. Securities issued by the SBA and GNMA have explicit credit guarantees by the U.S. federal government, which protects us from credit losses on the contractual cash flows of the securities. 
 Our investments in obligations of state and political subdivision bonds are deemed creditworthy after our comprehensive analysis of the issuers' latest financial information, credit ratings by major credit agencies, and/or credit enhancements. 
 allowances for credit losses have been recognized on available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position, as management does not believe any of the securities are impaired due to credit risk factors at either September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. In addition, for any available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank assessed whether it intended to sell the securities, or if it was more likely than not that it would be required to sell the securities before recovery of its amortized cost basis, which would require a write-down to fair value through net income. Because the Bank did not intend to sell those securities that were in an unrealized loss position, and it was not more-likely-than-not that the Bank would be required to sell the securities before recovery of their amortized cost bases, the Bank determined that no write-down was necessary as of the reporting date. 
 
 On July 7, 2023, the Bank entered into various interest rate swap agreements with notional values totaling million to hedge balance sheet interest rate sensitivity and protect selected securities in its available-for-sale 
 Page-15 

per share par value. We held million of FHLB stock included in other assets on the consolidated statements of condition at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The carrying amounts of these investments are reasonable estimates of fair value because the securities are restricted to member banks, and they do not have a readily determinable market value. Based on our analysis of FHLB's financial condition and certain qualitative factors, we determined that the FHLB stock w as not im paired at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. On October 24, 2024, FHLB announced a cash dividend for the third quarter of 2024 at an annualized dividend rate of to be distributed in mid-November 2024. Cash dividends paid on FHLB capital stock are recorded as non-interest income. 
 
 For further information, refer to Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies. 
 
 Low Income Housing Tax Credits 
 
 We invest in low-income housing tax credit funds as a limited partner, which totaled million and million recorded in other assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In the first nine months of 2024, we recognized thousand of low-income housing tax credits and other tax benefits, offset by thousand of amortization expense of low-income housing tax credit investment, as a component of income tax expense. As of September 30, 2024, our unfunded commitments for these low-income housing tax credit funds totaled thousand. We did recognize any impairment losses on these low-income housing tax credit investments during the first nine months of 2024 or 2023, as the value of the future tax benefits exceeds the carrying value of the investments. 

Note 5: 
 
 Real estate: Commercial owner-occupied Commercial non-owner occupied Construction Home equity Other residential Installment and other consumer loans Total loans, at amortized cost 1 
 Allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) Total loans, net of allowance for credit losses on loans 
 1 Amortized cost includes net deferred loan origination costs of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Amounts are also net of unrecognized purchase discounts of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Amortized cost excludes accrued interest, which totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included in interest receivable and other assets in the consolidated statements of condition. 
 
 Page-16 

Page-17 

Special Mention Substandard Total commercial and industrial Gross current period charge-offs ) ) Commercial real estate, owner-occupied: Pass and Watch Special Mention Substandard Total commercial real estate, owner-occupied Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied: Pass and Watch Special Mention Substandard Total commercial real estate, non-owner occupied 
 Page-18 

Special Mention Total construction Home equity: Pass and Watch Substandard Total home equity Other residential: Pass and Watch Total other residential Installment and other consumer: Pass and Watch Substandard Total installment and other consumer Gross current period charge-offs ) ) ) ) Total loans: Pass and Watch Total Special Mention Total Substandard Totals Total gross current period charge-offs ) ) ) ) 
 (in thousands) Term Loans - Amortized Cost by Origination Year Revolving Loans Amortized Cost December 31, 2023 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total Commercial and industrial: Pass and Watch Special Mention Substandard Total commercial and industrial Commercial real estate, owner-occupied: Pass and Watch Special Mention Substandard Total commercial real estate, owner-occupied Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied: Pass and Watch Special Mention Substandard Total commercial real estate, non-owner occupied Construction: Pass and Watch Special Mention Total construction Home equity: Pass and Watch Substandard Total home equity Other residential: Pass and Watch Total other residential Installment and other consumer: Pass and Watch Total installment and other consumer Total loans: Pass and Watch Total Special Mention Total Substandard Totals 

Page-19 

60-89 days past due 90 days or more past due 1 
 Total past due Current Total loans 1 
 Non-accrual loans 2 
 Non-accrual loans with no allowance December 31, 2023 30-59 days past due 60-89 days past due 90 days or more past due 1 
 Total past due Current Total loans 1 
 Non-accrual loans 2 
 Non-accrual loans with no allowance 1 There were non-performing loans over 90 days past due and accruing interest as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023 . 
 of the non-accrual loans as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023 were earning interest on a cash or accrual basis. We reversed thousand and thousand in accrued interest income for loans that were placed on non-accrual status during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. We reversed accrued interest income of thousand and thousand for loans that were placed on non-accrual status during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Collateral Dependent Loans 
 
 Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied Home equity Installment and other consumer Total December 31, 2023 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate, owner-occupied Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied Home equity Total 
 collateral-dependent residential real estate mortgage loans in process of foreclosure or in substance repossessed at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The weighted average loan-to-value of real estate secured collateral dependent loans was approximately net of individual reserves for credit losses) at September 30, 2024 and net of individual reserves for credit losses) at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Page-20 

modifications of loans during the three months ended September 30, 2024 requiring disclosure. 
 (in thousands) Term Extension Total Modifications Percent of Portfolio Class Total Nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 Home equity Total 

The following table summarizes the amortized cost of loans as of September 30, 2023 that were modified during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 by portfolio class and type of modification granted. 
 (in thousands) Term Extension Total Modifications Percent of Portfolio Class Total Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Commercial and industrial Commercial owner-occupied Total Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Commercial and industrial Commercial owner-occupied Total 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, there were no unfunded loan commitments for loans that were modified during the periods presented. 

The following table summarizes the financial effect of loan modifications presented in the table above during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 by portfolio class. 
 
 Weighted-Average Term Extension (in years) Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Commercial and industrial Commercial owner-occupied Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Commercial and industrial Commercial owner-occupied 
 
 The loan modifications did not significantly impact the determination of the allowance for credit losses on loans during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or September 30, 2023. 
 
 Page-21 

Total 
 
 The following table summarizes the amortized cost and payment status of loans as of September 30, 2023 that were modified during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 by portfolio class. 
 (in thousands) Current 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or More Past Due Total Non-Accrual Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Commercial and industrial Commercial owner-occupied Total Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Commercial and industrial Commercial owner-occupied Total 
 
 There were no loans that defaulted (fully or partially charged-off or became 90 days or more past due) that were modified during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or September 30, 2023. 
 
 Allocation of the Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans 
 
 Qualitative adjustments Specific allocations Total December 31, 2023 Modeled expected credit losses Qualitative adjustments Specific allocations Total 
 
 Page-22 

(Reversal) Provision ) ) ) ) ) (Charge-offs) Recoveries Ending balance Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Beginning balance (Reversal) Provision ) ) ) (Charge-offs) ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans Rollforward (in thousands) Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate, owner-occupied Commercial real estate, non-owner occupied Construction Home equity Other residential Installment and other consumer Unallocated Total Nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 Beginning balance Provision (Reversal) ) ) ) ) (Charge-offs) ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Beginning balance Provision (Charge-offs) ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance 
 
 Pledged Loans 
 
 Our FHLB line of credit is secured under terms of a blanket collateral agreement by a pledge of certain qualifying loans with unpaid principal balances of billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In addition, we pledge eligible residential loans, which totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, to secure our borrowing capacity with the Federal Reserve Bank ("FRB"). For additional information, see Note 6, Borrowings. 
 
 Related Party Loans 
 
 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In addition, undisbursed commitments to related parties totaled thousand and thousand as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Page-23 

Note 6: 
 million and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, based on eligible collateral of certain loans and investment securities. 
 
 Federal Funds Lines of Credit: The Bank had unsecured lines of credit with correspondent banks for overnight borrowings totaling million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In general, interest rates on these lines approximate the federal funds target rate. 
 
 Federal Reserve Bank: The Bank had a line of credit through the Discount Window at the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco ("FRBSF") totaling million as of September 30, 2024, secured by investment securities and residential loans. As of December 31, 2023, the Bank had a line of credit through the Discount Window totaling million, secured by residential loans, and a million line under the Federal Reserve's temporary Bank Term Funding Program ("BTFP") based on the par values of pledged investment securities. When the BTFP program ended on March 11, 2024, the investment securities were reallocated to our borrowing facility through the Discount Window . 
 
 Other Obligations: Finance lease liabilities totaling thousand and thousand as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are included in borrowings and other obligations in the consolidated statements of condition. Refer to Note 8, Commitments and Contingencies, for additional information. 
 
 Federal funds lines of credit FRBSF federal funds purchased FRBSF short-term borrowings under the BTFP Other obligations (finance leases) Total borrowings and other obligations 

Note 7: 
 
 per share cash dividend, paid August 15, 2024 to shareholders of record at the close of business on August 8, 2024. Subsequent to quarter end on October 24, 2024, Bancorp approved a per share cash dividend, payable on November 14, 2024 to shareholders of record at the close of business on November 7, 2024. 
 
 Share-Based Payments 
 
 The fair value of stock options as of the grant date is recorded as stock-based compensation expense in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period, with a corresponding increase in common stock. Stock-based compensation also includes compensation expense related to the issuance of restricted stock awards. The grant-date fair value of the restricted stock awards, which equals the grant date price, is recorded as compensation expense over the requisite service period with a corresponding increase in common stock as the shares vest. Stock options and restricted stock awards issued include a retirement eligibility clause whereby the requisite service period is satisfied at the retirement eligibility date. For those awards, we accelerate the recording of stock-based compensation when the award holder is eligible to retire. However, retirement eligibility does not affect the vesting of restricted stock or the exercisability of the stock options, which are based on the scheduled vesting period. 
 
 Page-24 

period and cliff vested. These performance-based stock awards were granted at a maximum opportunity level, and based on the achievement of the pre-established goals, the actual payouts can range from to of the target award. For performance-based stock awards, an estimate is made of the number of shares expected to vest based on the probability that the performance criteria will be achieved to determine the amount of compensation expense to be recognized. The estimate is re-evaluated quarterly, and total compensation expense is adjusted for any change in the current period. 
 
 We record excess tax benefits (deficiencies) resulting from the exercise of non-qualified stock options, the disqualifying disposition of incentive stock options and vesting of restricted stock awards as income tax benefits (expense) in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income with a corresponding decrease (increase) to current taxes payable. 
 
 The holders of unvested restricted stock awards are entitled to dividends on the same per-share ratio as holders of common stock. Tax benefits for dividends paid on unvested restricted stock awards are recorded as tax benefits in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income with a corresponding decrease to current taxes payable. Dividends on forfeited awards are included in stock-based compensation expense. 
 
 Stock options and restricted stock may be net settled in a cashless exercise by a reduction in the number of shares otherwise deliverable upon exercise or vesting in satisfaction of the exercise payment and/or applicable tax withholding requirements. Shares withheld under net settlement arrangements are available for future grants. 
 Total amount withheld (in thousands) Weighted-average price 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 
 On July 21, 2023, the Board of Directors approved the adoption of Bancorp's new share repurchase program for up to million and expiring on July 31, 2025. Bancorp repurchased shares totaling million at an average price of per share in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There were repurchases in 2023. Bancorp will continue to assess opportunities to utilize the program. 

Note 8: 

Page-25 

Revolving home equity lines Undisbursed construction loans Personal and other lines of credit Standby letters of credit Total unfunded loan commitments and standby letters of credit 
 
 We record an allowance for credit losses on unfunded loan commitments at the balance sheet date based on estimates of the probability that these commitments will be drawn upon according to historical utilization experience of the different types of commitments and expected loss rates determined for pooled funded loans. The allowance for credit losses on unfunded commitments totaled thousand and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which is included in interest payable and other liabilities in the consolidated statements of condition. There was a reversal of this allowance of thousand in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, compared to provision and a reversal of thousand in in the third quarter and first nine months of the prior year, respectively. The reversals were due to decreases in available commitments. 
 
 Leases 
 
 We lease premises under long-term non-cancelable operating leases with remaining terms of days to , most of which include escalation clauses and one or more options to extend the lease term, and some of which contain lease termination clauses. Lease terms may include certain renewal options that were considered reasonably certain to be exercised. 
 
 We lease certain equipment under finance leases with initial terms of to . The equipment finance leases do not contain renewal options, bargain purchase options or residual value guarantees. 
 
 Operating lease liabilities Finance leases: Finance lease right-of-use assets Accumulated amortization ) ) Finance lease right-of-use assets, net 1 
 Finance lease liabilities 2 
 1 Included in premises and equipment in the consolidated statements of condition. 
 2 Included in borrowings and other obligations in the consolidated statements of condition. 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease liabilities 
 
 Page-26 

Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets 2 
 Interest on finance lease liabilities 3 
 Total finance lease cost Total lease cost 1 Included in occupancy and equipment expense in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 2 Included in depreciation and amortization in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 
 3 Included in interest on borrowings and other obligations in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income. 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total minimum lease payments Amounts representing interest (present value discount) ) ) Present value of net minimum lease payments (lease liability) Weighted average remaining term (in years) Weighted average discount rate 

Litigation Matters 
 
 Bancorp may be party to legal actions that arise from time to time in the normal course of business. Bancorp's management is not aware of any pending legal proceedings to which either it or the Bank may be a party or has recently been a party that will have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of Bancorp or the Bank. 
 
 The Bank is responsible for a proportionate share of certain litigation indemnifications provided to Visa U.S.A. ("Visa") by its member banks in connection with Visa's lawsuits related to anti-trust charges and interchange fees ("Covered Litigation"). We sold our remaining shares on July 13, 2023, however our proportionate share of the litigation indemnification liability does not change or transfer upon the sale of our Class B Visa shares to member banks or, per the terms of the sale, to the recent purchaser of our shares. Visa established an escrow account for the Covered Litigation that it periodically funds, which is expected to cover the settlement payment obligations. 
 
 Litigation is ongoing and until the court approval process is complete, there is no assurance that Visa will resolve the claims as contemplated by the amended class settlement agreement, and additional lawsuits may arise from individual merchants who opted out of the class settlement. However, until the escrow account is fully depleted and the conversion rate of Class B to Class A common stock is reduced to zero, no future cash settlement payments are required by the member banks, such as us, on the Covered Litigation. Therefore, we are not required to record any contingent liabilities for the indemnification related to the Covered Litigation, as we consider the probability of losses to be remote. 
 
 Page-27 

thousand, pre-tax, involving alleged violations of wage and hour laws for all non-exempt employees covering any and all claims that were or could have been alleged in the operative complaint through the financial period of December 11, 2019 to October 12, 2024. The Bank shall pay an "all in" Gross Settlement Amount ("GSA") of thousand to settle all of the wage and hour class and PAGA claims, and the named Plaintiff's individual claims. This amount settles all claims that were or could have been asserted based on the facts alleged in the operative complaint, and the as of yet unasserted individual claims by the named plaintiff, and includes attorneys' fees, costs including the cost of administration, and incentive payments. The only amount over and above the GSA which the Bank shall pay is its share of payroll taxes on the amount of the net settlement that is allocated as wages. There has been no finding of wrongdoing and the Bank denies all claims. The settlement agreement still requires final court approval and notice requirements; however, the Bank does not anticipate further costs related to this action. We are not aware of any other similar wage and hour claims at this time. 

Note 9: 
 
 million split evenly between terms of and years to hedge balance sheet interest rate sensitivity and protect certain of our fixed rate available-for-sale securities against changes in fair value related to changes in the benchmark interest rate. The interest rate swaps involve the receipt of floating rate interest from a counterparty in exchange for us making fixed-rate interest payments over the lives of the agreements, without the exchange of the underlying notional values. The transactions were designated as partial term fair value hedges and structured such that the changes in the fair value of the interest rate swaps are expected to be perfectly effective in offsetting the changes in the fair value of the hedged items attributable to changes in the SOFR OIS swap rate, the designated benchmark interest rate. Because the hedges met the criteria for using the shortcut method, there is no need to periodically reassess effectiveness during the term of the hedges. For fair value designated hedges, the gains or losses on the hedging instruments as well as the offsetting loss or gain on the hedged items, are recognized in current earnings as their fair values change. Subsequent to quarter end, on November 4, 2024, the Bank terminated these contracts resulting in an immaterial loss that will be amortized over the life of the hedged securities. 
 
 In addition, we had interest rate swap agreements on certain loans with our customers, which are scheduled to mature at various dates ranging from June 2031 to July 2032. In December 2023, one interest rate swap, scheduled to mature in October 2037, was terminated as the hedged loan was paid off. The loan interest rate swaps were designated as fair value hedges and allowed us to offer long-term fixed-rate loans to customers without assuming the interest rate risk of a long-term asset. Converting our fixed-rate interest payments to floating-rate interest payments, generally benchmarked to the one-month U.S. dollar SOFR index, protects us against changes in the fair value of our loans associated with fluctuating interest rates. The notional amounts of the interest rate contracts are equal to the notional amounts of the hedged loans. 

Page-28 

Interest rate swaps - fair value 1 
 Loans receivable: 
 Interest rate contracts - notional amount Interest rate contracts - fair value 1 
 
 1 Refer to Note 3, Fair Value of Assets and Liabilities, for valuation methodology. 
 
 The following table presents the carrying amount and associated cumulative basis adjustment related to the application of fair value hedge accounting that is included in the carrying amount of hedged assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Carrying Amounts of Hedged Assets Cumulative Amounts of Fair Value Hedging Adjustments Included in the Carrying Amounts of the Hedged Assets 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Available-for-sale securities 1 
 ) ) Loans receivable 2 
 ) ) 1 Carrying value equals the amortized cost basis of the securities underlying the hedge relationship, which is the book value net of the fair value hedge adjustment. Amortized cost excludes accrued interest totaling thousand and thousand as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 2 Carrying value equals the amortized cost basis of the loans underlying the hedge relationship, which is the loan balance net of deferred loan origination fees and cost and the fair value hedge adjustment. Amortized cost excludes accrued interest, which was not material. 
 ) Hedged interest earned Decrease in carrying value included in the hedged available-for-sale securities 
 ) ) Net gain (loss) recognized in interest income on investment securities 
 Interest and fees on loans 1 
 Decrease (increase) in fair value of interest rate swaps hedging loans receivable 
 ) ) Hedged interest earned Increase (decrease) in carrying value included in the hedged loans 
 ) ) Decrease in value of yield maintenance agreement ) ) ) ) Net gain recognized in interest income on loans 1 Represents the income line item in the statement of comprehensive loss in which the effects of fair value hedges are recorded. 
 
 Page-29 

Total December 31, 2023 Counterparty Total 
 Offsetting of Financial Liabilities and Derivative Liabilities 
 Gross Amounts Net Amounts of Gross Amounts Not Offset in Gross Amounts Offset in the Assets Presented the Statements of Condition of Recognized Statements of in the Statements Financial Cash Collateral (in thousands) Assets 1 
 Condition of Condition 1 
 Instruments Pledged 
 Net Amount September 30, 2024 Counterparty 
 ) ) Total ) ) December 31, 2023 Counterparty ) ) Total ) ) 
 1 Amounts exclude accrued interest on swaps. 
 For more information on how we account for our interest rate swaps, refer to Note 1 to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in our 2023 Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 14, 2024. 
 Page-30 

ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Management's discussion of the financial condition and results of operations, which is unaudited, should be read in conjunction with the related unaudited consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-Q and with the audited consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes included in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Average balances, including balances used in calculating certain financial ratios, are generally comprised of average daily balances. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 The discussion of financial results in this Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the "1933 Act") and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the "1934 Act"). Those sections of the 1933 Act and 1934 Act provide a "safe harbor" for forward-looking statements to encourage companies to provide prospective information about their financial performance so long as they provide meaningful, cautionary statements identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ significantly from projected results. 
 
 Our forward-looking statements include descriptions of plans or objectives of management for future operations, products or services, and forecasts of revenues, earnings or other measures of economic performance. Forward-looking statements can be identified by the fact that they do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. They often include the words "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate" or words of similar meaning, or future or conditional verbs preceded by "will," "would," "should," "could" or "may." 
 
 Forward-looking statements are based on management's current expectations regarding economic, legislative, and regulatory issues that may impact Bancorp's earnings in future periods. Factors that could cause future results to vary materially from current management expectations include, but are not limited to, general economic conditions and the economic uncertainty in the United States and abroad, including economic or other disruptions to financial markets caused by acts of terrorism, war or other conflicts, impacts from inflation, supply chain disruptions, changes in interest rates (including the actions taken by the Federal Reserve to control inflation), California's unemployment rate, deposit flows, real estate values, and expected future cash flows on loans and securities; the impact of adverse developments at other banks, including bank failures, that impact general sentiment regarding the stability and liquidity of banks; costs or effects of acquisitions; competition; changes in accounting principles, policies or guidelines; changes in legislation or regulation; natural disasters (such as wildfires and earthquakes in our area); adverse weather conditions; interruptions of utility service in our markets for sustained periods; and other economic, competitive, governmental, regulatory and technological factors (including external fraud and cybersecurity threats) affecting our operations, pricing, products and services; and successful integration of acquisitions. 
 
 Important factors that could cause results or performance to differ materially from those expressed in our prior forward-looking statements are detailed in ITEM 1A, Risk Factors section of our 2023 Form 10-K as filed with the SEC, and ITEM 1A Risk Factors herein. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made. Bancorp undertakes no obligation to release publicly the result of any revisions to these forward-looking statements that may be made to reflect events or circumstances that occur after the date the forward-looking statements are made or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 
 Critical accounting estimates are those estimates made in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles that involve a significant level of estimation and uncertainty and have had or are reasonably likely to have a material impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We consider accounting estimates to be critical to our financial results if (i) the accounting estimate requires management to make assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain, (ii) management could have applied different assumptions during the reported period, and (iii) changes in the accounting estimate are reasonably likely to occur in the future and could have a material impact on our financial statements. Our critical estimates include: Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Unfunded Commitments, Fair Value Measurements, and Goodwill. 

Page-31 

Executive Summary 
 Net income for the third quarter of 2024 was 4.6 million, compared to net loss of 21.9 million for the second quarter of 2024. Diluted earnings per share was 0.28 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to loss per share of (1.36) for the preceding quarter. Net loss for the first nine months of 2024 totaled 14.4 million, compared to net income of 19.3 million for the same period last year. Diluted (loss) earnings per share was (0.90) and 1.20 for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. Both the prior quarter and year-to-date 2024 results reflected a 32.5 million pre-tax loss from the balance sheet restructuring. 
 
 The following are highlights of our operating and financial performance for the periods presented. Additional performance details can be found in the pages that follow. 
 
 The tax-equivalent net interest margin increased to 2.70 in the third quarter from 2.52 in the prior quarter, reflecting the addition of higher average earning assets from the second quarter balance sheet restructuring, including new loans funded and purchased at yields higher than both the portfolio average yield and loans that paid off. The tax-equivalent net interest margin was 2.57 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.66 for the same period in the prior year. The nine basis point decrease was primarily attributed to higher deposit costs, partially offset by lower borrowing balances and higher earning asset yields, including new loans funded and purchased at higher yields than both the average portfolio yield and loans that paid off. 
 
 Total deposits increased by 19.2 million to 3.309 billion as of September 30, 2024, compared to 3.290 billion as of December 31, 2023. Non-interest bearing deposits made up 44.5 of total deposits as of September 30, 2024, compared to 43.8 as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 The average cost of total deposits increased one basis point to 1.46 in the third quarter, compared to a seven basis point increase in the prior quarter. After a targeted effort to begin reducing rates was initiated mid-August, the average spot rate on non-deposit-network, interest-bearing deposits declined 18 bps while balances went up approximately 10.0 million by September 30th. The average cost of total deposits was 1.43 for the first nine months of 2024, compared to 0.61 in 2023, primarily due to market interest rates remaining high for longer than anticipated. 
 
 Total borrowings were reduced to zero in the second quarter and remained there for the third quarter representing a 26.0 million decrease from December 31, 2023, although there were intermittent borrowings averaging 5.9 million in the first nine months of 2024. Net available contingent funding sources, including unrestricted cash, unencumbered available-for-sale securities and total available borrowing capacity was 1.934 billion, or 58 of total deposits and 208 of estimated uninsured and/or uncollateralized deposits as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Loan balances of 2.090 billion increased 16.4 million from 2.074 billion at December 31, 2023. Additions to the loan portfolio in the first nine months of 2024 totaled 140.4 million which consisted of loan originations of 104.7 million and the purchase of a residential real estate loan pool totaling 35.7 million, compared to 90.3 million for the same period of 2023. Payoffs were 83.9 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 59.5 million for the same period last year. The largest portion of payoffs in the first nine months of 2024 was the result of asset sales and cash payoffs. 
 
 There was a 5.6 million provision for credit losses on loans in the first nine months of 2024, compared to a provision of 1.3 million for the same period last year, bringing the allowance for credit losses to 1.47 of total loans, compared to 1.16 and 1.21 as of September 30, 2023 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The provision in 2024 was largely due to an increased individual reserve for one non-owner occupied commercial real estate loan totaling 16.7 million that, although current, has experienced a deteriorating financial condition due to a material increase in its loan-to-value ratio associated with a recent valuation of the underlying collateral. Net charge-offs were minimal in 2024. 
 
 Page-32 

Non-accrual loans were also significantly impacted by the loan relationship discussed above and increased to 39.9 million, or 1.91 of total loans at September 30, 2024, compared to 8.0 million, or 0.39 at December 31, 2023. Three loan relationships accounted for 35.3 million of the 36.7 million in loans placed on non-accrual in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Approximately 50 of non-accrual loans were paying as agreed and 80 were real estate secured as of September 30, 2024. One commercial loan that was on non-accrual status totaling 1.8 million paid off in full, including all accrued interest in the third quarter of 2024, contributing to the 4.7 million in total non-accrual payoffs and paydowns year-to-date. 
 
 Return on average assets ("ROA") was 0.48 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to (2.35) for the second quarter of 2024, and return on average equity ("ROE") was 4.17 , compared to (20.36) for the prior quarter. ROA was (0.51) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0.63 in the same period of the prior year. ROE was (4.43) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 6.07 in the same period of the prior year. 
 
 The efficiency ratio for the third quarter of 2024 was 75.18 , compared to (300.37) for the prior quarter. The efficiency ratio was 140.08 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 69.37 in the same period of the prior year. Excluding the loss on security sales with all other factors unchanged, ROA, ROE and the efficiency ratio for the first nine months of 2024, would have been 0.30 , 2.62 and 81.53 , respectively. 1 
 
 Capital was above well-capitalized regulatory thresholds with Bancorp's and the Bank's total risk-based capital ratios of 16.40 and 15.82 , respectively, as of September 30, 2024. The capital plan and point-in-time capital stress tests indicate that Bank of Marin and Bancorp capital ratios will remain above regulatory well-capitalized and internal policy minimums throughout a five-year forecast horizon and across stress scenarios such as additional unrealized losses on the investment portfolio, additional deposit growth or decline, loan credit quality deterioration, and potential share repurchases. 
 
 Bancorp's tangible common equity to tangible assets ("TCE ratio") was 9.72 as of September 30, 2024, and the Bank's TCE ratio was 9.32 . While we do not intend to sell our held-to-maturity securities, the Bancorp's TCE ratio, net of after-tax unrealized losses on held-to-maturity securities as if the losses were realized 1 , was 8.16 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 7.80 as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Bancorp repurchased 4.2 million in shares during the quarter, contributing to an increase in the book value per share to 27.17 at September 30, 2024, compared to 26.72 at June 30, 2024, and the tangible book value per share 2 to 22.46 at September 30, 2024 compared to 22.05 at June 30, 2024. 
 
 Non-interest expense in the third quarter of 2024, included an accrual for a non-recurring legal resolution of a Private Attorneys General Act/putative class action lawsuit covering the period of December 11, 2019 to October 12, 2024 of 615 thousand, pre-tax, with an after-tax estimated 0.04 impact to earnings-per-share. 
 
 The Board of Directors approved a cash dividend of 0.25 per share on October 24, 2024, which represents the 78 th consecutive quarterly dividend paid by Bancorp. The dividend is payable on November 14, 2024, to shareholders of record at the close of business on November 7, 2024. 

1 Refer to the discussion and reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure in the section below entitled S tatement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 2 Tangible book value per share is a non-GAAP financial measure used by Bancorp, as well as investors and analysts, in assessing Bancorp s use of equity. Refer to the reconciliation of common equity to tangible common equity and resulting calculation of tangible book value per share in the section below entitled Statement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 Page-33 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Highlights of the financial results are presented in the following tables: 
 Three months ended Nine months ended (dollars in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Selected operating data: Net interest income 24,269 22,467 69,430 78,497 Provision for credit losses on loans 
 5,200 5,550 1,275 Reversal of credit losses on unfunded loan commitments 
 (233) (233) (342) Non-interest income 2,888 (29,755) (24,113) 8,272 Non-interest expense 20,417 21,894 63,480 60,192 Net income (loss) 
 4,570 (21,902) (14,410) 19,285 Net income (loss) per common share: 
 Basic 0.28 (1.36) (0.90) 1.21 Diluted 0.28 (1.36) (0.90) 1.20 Performance and other financial ratios: Return on average assets 0.48 (2.35) (0.51) 0.63 Return on average equity 4.17 (20.36) (4.43) 6.07 Tax-equivalent net interest margin 2.70 2.52 2.57 2.66 Cost of deposits 1.46 1.45 1.43 0.61 Cost of funds 
 1.46 1.46 1.43 0.94 Efficiency ratio 75.18 (300.37) 140.08 69.37 Net charge-offs (recoveries) 26 47 (2) Cash dividend payout ratio on common stock 1 
 89.29 NM NM 61.98 NM - Not meaningful 
 1 Calculated as dividends on common shares divided by basic net income (loss) per common share. 
 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Selected financial condition data: Total assets 3,792,833 3,803,903 Investment securities 1,256,992 1,477,226 Loans, net 2,059,416 2,048,548 Deposits 3,309,249 3,290,075 Short-term borrowings and other obligations 193 26,298 Stockholders' equity 436,960 439,062 Book value per share 27.17 27.17 Tangible book value per share 1 
 22.46 22.44 Asset quality ratios: Allowance for credit losses on loans to total loans 1.47 1.21 Allowance for credit losses on loans to non-performing loans 0.77x 3.15x Non-accrual loans to total loans 1.91 0.39 Capital ratios: Equity to total assets ratio 11.52 11.54 Tangible common equity to tangible assets 9.72 9.73 Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) 16.40 16.89 Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) 15.18 15.91 Tier 1 capital (to average assets) 10.42 10.46 Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 15.18 15.91 1 Tangible book value per share is a non-GAAP financial measure used by Bancorp, as well as investors and analysts, in assessing Bancorp s use of equity. Refer to the reconciliation of common equity to tangible common equity and resulting calculation of tangible book value per share in the section below entitled Statement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 

Page-34 

Net Interest Income 
 
 Net interest income is the interest earned on loans, investments and other interest-earning assets minus the interest expense incurred on deposits and other interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is impacted by changes in general market interest rates and by changes in the composition of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. Interest rate changes can create fluctuations in the net interest income and/or margin due to an imbalance in the timing of repricing and maturity of assets and liabilities. We manage interest rate risk exposure with the goal of minimizing the impact of interest rate volatility on net interest income. For more information, refer to Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Net interest margin is expressed as net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. Net interest rate spread is the difference between the average rate earned on total interest-earning assets and the average rate incurred on total interest-bearing liabilities. Both of these measures are reported on a taxable-equivalent basis. Net interest margin is the higher of the two because it reflects interest income earned on assets funded with non-interest-bearing sources of funds, which include demand deposits and stockholders equity. 
 
 Average Statements of Condition and Analysis of Net Interest Income 
 
 The following table compares interest income, average interest-earning assets, interest expense, and average interest-bearing liabilities for the periods presented. The tables also present net interest income, net interest margin and net interest rate spread for each period reported. 
 Three months ended Three months ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Interest Interest Average Income/ Yield/ Average Income/ Yield/ (dollars in thousands) Balance Expense Rate Balance Expense Rate Assets Interest-earning deposits with banks 1 
 238,378 3,242 5.32 67,786 924 5.39 Investment securities 2, 3 
 1,207,545 7,661 2.54 1,430,939 8,367 2.34 Loans 1, 3, 4, 5 
 2,091,146 25,588 4.79 2,059,273 25,215 4.84 Total interest-earning assets 1 
 3,537,069 36,491 4.04 3,557,998 34,506 3.84 Cash and non-interest-bearing due from banks 37,448 37,248 Bank premises and equipment, net 7,181 7,420 Interest receivable and other assets, net 181,962 148,493 Total assets 3,763,660 3,751,159 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Interest-bearing transaction accounts 177,929 339 0.76 197,535 274 0.56 Savings accounts 227,179 565 0.99 226,985 511 0.90 Money market accounts 1,147,786 8,714 3.02 1,154,346 8,641 3.01 Time accounts including CDARS 267,637 2,431 3.61 260,602 2,291 3.54 Borrowings and other obligations 1 
 206 1 2.32 10,909 148 5.35 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,820,737 12,050 2.63 1,850,377 11,865 2.58 Demand accounts 1,460,011 1,421,543 Interest payable and other liabilities 47,267 46,547 Stockholders' equity 435,645 432,692 Total liabilities stockholders' equity 3,763,660 3,751,159 Tax-equivalent net interest income/margin 1 
 24,441 2.70 22,641 2.52 Reported net interest income/margin 1 
 24,269 2.68 22,467 2.50 Tax-equivalent net interest rate spread 1.41 1.26 
 Page-35 

Nine months ended Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest Interest Average Income/ Yield/ Average Income/ Yield/ (in thousands) Balance Expense Rate Balance Expense Rate Assets Interest-earning deposits with banks 1 
 110,337 4,487 5.34 28,710 1,159 5.32 Investment securities 2, 3 
 1,388,825 24,907 2.39 1,797,054 29,731 2.21 Loans 1, 3, 4, 5 
 2,072,684 75,934 4.81 2,108,840 73,938 4.62 Total interest-earning assets 1 
 3,571,846 105,328 3.87 3,934,604 104,828 3.51 Cash and non-interest-bearing due from banks 36,669 38,641 Bank premises and equipment, net 7,436 8,457 Interest receivable and other assets, net 159,369 137,428 Total assets 3,775,320 4,119,130 Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity Interest-bearing transaction accounts 196,752 874 0.59 244,688 758 0.41 Savings accounts 228,096 1,447 0.85 293,709 545 0.25 Money market accounts 1,150,911 25,804 2.99 982,729 11,365 1.55 Time accounts including CDARS 264,290 7,002 3.54 172,991 2,724 2.11 Borrowings and other obligations 1 
 6,125 240 5.15 260,973 10,182 5.14 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,846,174 35,367 2.56 1,955,090 25,574 1.75 Demand accounts 1,446,795 1,689,615 Interest payable and other liabilities 47,578 49,819 Stockholders' equity 434,773 424,606 Total liabilities stockholders' equity 3,775,320 4,119,130 Tax-equivalent net interest income/margin 1 
 69,961 2.57 79,254 2.66 Reported net interest income/margin 1 
 69,430 2.55 78,497 2.63 Tax-equivalent net interest rate spread 1.31 1.76 1 Interest income/expense is divided by actual number of days in the period times 360 days to correspond to stated interest rate terms, where applicable. 
 2 Yields on available-for-sale securities are calculated based on amortized cost balances rather than fair value, as changes in fair value are reflected as a component of stockholders' equity. Investment security interest is earned on 30/360 day basis monthly. 
 3 Yields and interest income on tax-exempt securities and loans are presented on a taxable-equivalent basis using the Federal statutory rate of 21 percent. 
 4 Average balances on loans outstanding include non-performing loans. The amortized portion of net loan origination fees is included in interest income on loans, representing an adjustment to the yield. 
 5 Net loan origination costs in interest income totaled 436 thousand for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, and totaled 1.2 million and 927 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Page-36 

The following table presents the effects of changes in average balances (volume) or changes in average rates on tax-equivalent net interest income for the periods indicated. Volume variances are equal to the increase or decrease in average balances multiplied by prior period rates. Rate variances are equal to the increase or decrease in rates multiplied by prior period average balances. Mix variances are attributable to the change in yields or rates multiplied by the change in average balances, including one day more in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended June 30, 2024, and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to Three months ended 
 June 30, 2024 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to Nine months ended 
 September 30, 2023 
 (in thousands) Volume Yield/Rate Mix Total Volume Yield/Rate Mix Total Interest-earning deposits with banks 2,325 (12) 5 2,318 3,295 4 29 3,328 Investment securities 1 
 (1,306) 710 (110) (706) (6,754) 2,496 (566) (4,824) Loans 1 
 390 (291) 274 373 (1,268) 3,038 226 1,996 Total interest-earning assets 1,409 407 169 1,985 (4,727) 5,538 (311) 500 Interest-bearing transaction accounts (27) 98 (6) 65 (149) 325 (60) 116 Savings accounts 47 7 54 (122) 1,311 (287) 902 Money market accounts (49) 27 95 73 1,945 10,588 1,906 14,439 Time accounts, including CDARS 62 48 30 140 1,438 1,842 998 4,278 Borrowings and other obligations 
 (145) (96) 94 (147) (9,943) 7 (6) (9,942) Total interest-bearing liabilities (159) 124 220 185 (6,831) 14,073 2,551 9,793 Changes in tax-equivalent net interest income 1,568 283 (51) 1,800 2,104 (8,535) (2,862) (9,293) 1 Yields and interest income on tax-exempt securities and loans are presented on a taxable-equivalent basis using the federal statutory rate of 21 . 
 
 Third Quarter of 2024 Compared to the Second Quarter of 2024 
 
 Net interest income totaled 24.3 million for the third quarter of 2024, a 1.8 million increase from the prior quarter related to the favorable reallocation of earning assets from lower yielding investments to higher yielding cash, loans and investments. 
 
 The tax-equivalent net interest margin was 2.70 for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 2.52 for the prior quarter. Higher average cash and loan balances, and lower average borrowing balances contributed a combined 31 basis points lift, while lower average investment security balances and higher cost of deposits reduced margin by 11 basis points. 
 
 First Nine Months of 2024 Compared to the First Nine Months of 2023 
 
 Net interest income totaled 69.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 78.5 million for the same period in the prior year. The 9.1 million decrease from the prior year was primarily due to a smaller balance sheet and higher costing deposits, partially offset by lower borrowing costs and higher average earning asset yields. 
 
 The tax-equivalent net interest margin was 2.57 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 2.66 for the same period in the prior year. The decrease was primarily attributed to higher deposit costs which reduced the margin by 77 basis points, partially offset by higher loan yields contributing 32 basis points and lower borrowing balances which positively affected the margin by 33 basis points. Higher interest-earning deposits with banks and decreased investment security balances netted a positive effect of six basis points. 
 
 Market Interest Rates 
 
 Market interest rates are, in part, based on the target federal funds interest rate (the interest rate banks charge each 
 other for short-term borrowings) implemented by the Federal Reserve Open Market Committee ("FOMC"). 
 
 In response to the evolving risks to economic activity caused by the COVID-19 pandemic, the FOMC made two emergency federal funds rate cuts totaling 150 basis points in March 2020. The federal funds rate range remained between 0.0 and 0.25 through the beginning of 2022, putting downward pressure on our asset yields and net interest margin. The FOMC began increasing rates in March 2022, totaling seven rate increases in 2022 and four additional rate increases in 2023, ended the year of 2023 at a federal funds target rate range between 5.25 and 
 Page-37 

5.50 . Rising interest rates resulted in rapid increases in the cost of funds through rising deposit costs and increased average borrowings, putting pressure on our net interest margin. Because market interest rates remained high for longer than many market participants anticipated, during the second quarter of 2024, we sold securities with relatively low yields and redeployed the proceeds to pay off borrowings, invest in higher yielding loans and securities, and position the balance sheet for future acquisitions of similar assets. 
 
 Primarily due to declining inflation and rising unemployment, the Federal Reserve lowered the target for the federal funds rate by 50 basis points, to a range of 4.75 to 5.00 at its September 2024 meeting and indicated that more rate cuts are likely in the coming months. Management and the Board are continuously monitoring and analyzing the impact of market rates on the Company's financial condition and results of operations to enhance performance, safety and soundness and returns to shareholders. See ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk for further information. 

Provision for Credit Losses on Loans 
 
 Management assesses the adequacy of the allowance for credit losses on loans quarterly based on several factors including growth of the loan portfolio, past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts to estimate expected losses over the contractual terms of our loans. The allowance for credit losses on loans is increased by provisions charged to expense and loss recoveries and decreased by loans charged off. 
 
 The following table shows the activity for the periods presented. 
 Three months ended Nine months ended (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Provision for credit losses on loans 5,200 5,550 1,275 
 
 There was no provision for credit losses on loans in the third quarter. Minor qualitative risk factor adjustments and loan growth in several segments with lower reserve rates in the quarter were offset by balance declines in other segments with higher reserve rates, as well as a slight improvement in the economic forecast. 
 
 We recorded a 5.2 million provision for credit losses on loans in the second quarter. The provision was due primarily to an increase to the individual reserve for one non-owner occupied commercial real estate loan totaling 16.7 million placed on non-accrual during the quarter. The underlying collateral property is a multi-story office building located in San Francisco that was materially impacted by the pandemic and subsequent remote work and vacancy challenges. After careful monitoring, we downgraded the credit to substandard in the fourth quarter of 2021, and have continued to evaluate the occupancy, operating income, and underlying valuation. The loan is guaranteed, and payments have always been current with enough pledged cash held at the Bank to cover payments to maturity in 2026. Nonetheless, a recent appraisal indicated that the refinance loan amount for which the property would qualify at maturity would likely be less than the payoff amount based on current rents, occupancy, and sponsorship wherewithal. Based on this consideration we chose to place the loan on non-accrual and provision for that shortfall. 
 
 The provision totaling 1.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due primarily to increases in qualitative risk factors to account for continued uncertainty about inflation and recession risks, and from continued negative trends in adversely graded loans and/or collateral values on our non-owner occupied commercial real estate office and multi-family real estate portfolios. 
 
 For more information, refer to Note 5, Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans, to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Page-38 

Non-interest Income 
 
 The following table details the components of non-interest income. 
 Three months ended (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Amount Change Percent Change Wealth management and trust services 706 585 121 20.7 Service charges on deposit accounts 543 541 2 0.4 Earnings on bank-owned life insurance, net 426 421 5 1.2 Debit card interchange fees, net 423 444 (21) (4.7) Dividends on Federal Home Loan Bank stock 365 366 (1) (0.3) Merchant interchange fees, net 67 10 57 570.0 Gains (losses) on sale of investment securities 
 1 (32,542) 32,543 NM Other income 357 420 (63) (15.0) Total non-interest income 2,888 (29,755) 32,643 (109.7) 
 Nine months ended Amount Change Percent Change (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Wealth management and trust services 
 1,844 1,585 259 16.3 Service charges on deposit accounts 1,613 1,561 52 3.3 Earnings on bank-owned life insurance, net 1,282 1,438 (156) (10.8) Debit card interchange fees, net 1,275 1,458 (183) (12.6) Dividends on Federal Home Loan Bank stock 1,108 916 192 21.0 Merchant interchange fees, net 244 377 (133) (35.3) Gains (losses) on sale of investment securities 
 (32,541) 14 (32,555) NM Other income 1,062 923 139 15.1 Total non-interest income (24,113) 8,272 (32,385) (391.5) NM - not meaningful 
 
 Third Quarter of 2024 Compared to the Second Quarter of 2024 
 
 Non-interest income was 2.9 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to a loss of 29.8 million for the prior quarter. The increase from the prior quarter was primarily attributed to a 32.5 million pre-tax net loss on sale of available-for-sale investment securities in the second quarter, as discussed previously. Excluding the loss on sale, non-interest income was 2.8 million for the second quarter. See the Statement Regarding use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. The quarter over quarter increase of 100 thousand excluding the loss on sale was primarily due to a 121 thousand increase in wealth management and trust services income. 
 
 First Nine Months of 2024 Compared to the First Nine Months of 2023 
 
 Non-interest income showed a loss of 24.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to income of 8.3 million for the same period of the prior year. The 32.4 million decrease from the prior year period was primarily attributed to a 32.5 million pre-tax net loss on sale of available-for-sale investment securities in the second quarter, as discussed previously. Excluding the loss on sale, non-interest income was 8.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. See the Statement Regarding use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. 

Page-39 

Non-interest Expense 
 
 The following table details the components of non-interest expense. 
 Three months ended (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Amount Change Percent Change Salaries and related benefits 10,822 12,364 (1,542) (12.5) Occupancy and equipment 2,097 2,049 48 2.3 Professional services 1,879 1,043 836 80.2 Data processing 1,051 1,005 46 4.6 Deposit network fees 927 916 11 1.2 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance 582 426 156 36.6 Information technology 404 448 (44) (9.8) Depreciation and amortization 358 379 (21) (5.5) Directors' expense 293 306 (13) (4.2) Amortization of core deposit intangible 241 246 (5) (2.0) Charitable contributions 30 604 (574) (95.0) Advertising 178 324 (146) (45.1) Other expense 1,555 1,784 (229) (12.8) Total other non-interest expense 1,733 2,108 (375) (17.8) Total non-interest expense 20,417 21,894 (1,477) (6.7) 
 
 Nine months ended Amount Change Percent Change (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Salaries and related benefits 35,270 33,087 2,183 6.6 Occupancy and equipment 6,115 6,367 (252) (4.0) Professional services 4,000 2,677 1,323 49.4 Data processing 3,126 2,976 150 5.0 Deposit network fees 2,688 1,843 845 45.8 Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance 1,443 1,424 19 1.3 Information technology 1,254 1,138 116 10.2 Depreciation and amortization 1,125 1,705 (580) (34.0) Directors' expense 916 893 23 2.6 Amortization of core deposit intangible 738 1,020 (282) (27.6) Charitable contributions 647 707 (60) (8.5) Other real estate owned 48 (48) NM Other non-interest expense Advertising 799 897 (98) (10.9) Other expense 5,359 5,410 (51) (0.9) Total other non-interest expense 6,158 6,307 (149) (2.4) Total non-interest expense 63,480 60,192 3,288 5.5 NM - Not Meaningful 
 
 Third Quarter of 2024 Compared to the Second Quarter of 2024 
 
 Non-interest expense totaled 20.4 million for the third quarter of 2024, compared to 21.9 million for the prior quarter, a decrease of 1.5 million. The decrease was primarily due to a 1.5 million reduction in salaries and related benefits, which was elevated in the second quarter due to the reduction in force and the related severance and salaries costs. At the same time we have redeployed resources to ensure staffing is aligned with our long-term strategic vision, which resulted in the reduction in average full-time equivalent staff quarter over quarter. Additional third quarter decreases came from 574 thousand in charitable contributions as the annual grant program is paid out each year in the second quarter, as well as a 375 thousand reduction in other expense. These reductions were partially offset by an 836 thousand increase in professional services expense that included an accrual for a non-recurring legal resolution of a Private Attorneys General Act/putative class action lawsuit of 615 thousand, pre-tax, with an after-tax estimated 0.04 impact to earnings-per-share. 

Page-40 

First Nine Months of 2024 Compared to the First Nine Months of 2023 
 
 Non-interest expense totaled 63.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , compared to 60.2 million for the same period of 2023 , an increase of 3.3 million. The most significant increase was 2.2 million in salaries and related benefits, which included annual merit increases and 418 thousand in severance payments related to the recent staff reduction discussed above. Stock-based compensation expenses increased due to the accelerated vesting of an officer's awards due to retirement eligibility. Additionally, professional services increased by 1.3 million and deposit network fees increased by 845 thousand. Increases were partially offset by reductions in depreciation and amortization of 580 thousand, amortization of core deposit intangible of 282 thousand, and occupancy and equipment expenses of 252 thousand. 

Provision for Income Taxes 
 
 Income tax provisions reflect accruals for taxes at the applicable rates for federal income tax and California franchise tax based upon reported pre-tax income. Provisions also reflect permanent differences between income for tax and financial reporting purposes (such as earnings on tax exempt loans and municipal securities, bank-owned life insurance ("BOLI"), low-income housing tax credits, and stock-based compensation from the exercise of stock options, disqualifying dispositions of incentive stock options and vesting of restricted stock awards). 
 
 The income tax provision for the third quarter of 2024 totaled 2.4 million at an effective tax rate of 34.5 , compared to a benefit of 12.5 million at an effective tax rate of 36.3 in the prior quarter. The increase in the provision for income taxes in the third quarter of 2024 reflected a higher pre-tax income as compared to the prior quarter. The decrease in the effective tax rate in the third quarter of 2024 was primarily due to the recording of an income tax benefit resulting from a 32.5 million pre-tax loss on the sale of available-for-sale investment securities in the prior quarter. 
 
 The income tax benefit for the first nine months of 2024 totaled 9.1 million at an effective tax rate of 38.6 , compared to a provision of 6.4 million at an effective tax rate of 24.8 for the first nine months of 2023. The increase in the effective tax rate in the first nine months of 2024, as compared to the same period a year ago, was primarily due to the pre-tax loss on investment securities sale in 2024 as mentioned in the previous paragraph. 
 
 We file a consolidated return in the U.S. federal tax jurisdiction and a combined return in the state of California tax jurisdiction. There were no ongoing federal or state income tax examinations at the time of the issuance of this report. As of September 30, 2024, neither the Bank nor Bancorp had accruals for interest or penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits. 
 
 Page-41 

FINANCIAL CONDITION SUMMARY 
 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash 
 
 Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash were 229.2 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 198.7 million compared to 30.5 million at December 31, 2023, largely due to proceeds of 292.6 million from the sale of available-for-sale securities in the second quarter and deposit growth, partially offset by purchases of investment securities and the residential real estate loan pool discussed below. 
 
 Investment Securities 
 
 The investment securities portfolio totaled 1.257 billion at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 220.2 million from 1.477 billion at December 31, 2023. The decrease was primarily the result of the sale of available-for-sale securities totaling 325.2 million in the second quarter of 2024. The sold securities had an average book yield of 1.94 . The proceeds of the sales were allocated to 133.5 million in securities purchases in the second and third quarters, borrowing repayments, and loan purchases and fundings, with the remainder held in cash available for future use. In addition, there were principal repayments, calls and maturities totaling 63.2 million, a reduction of unrealized loss on available-for-sale securities including the impact of the sales of 36.6 million, and 1.9 million in net amortization. 
 
 Both the available-for-sale and held-to-maturity portfolios are eligible for pledging to FHLB or the Federal Reserve as collateral for borrowings. The portfolios are comprised of high credit quality investments with average effective durations of 3.58 on available-for-sale securities and 5.35 on held-to-maturity securities. Both portfolios generate cash flows monthly from interest, principal amortization and payoffs, which supports the Bank's liquidity. Those cash flows totaled 91.9 million in the first nine months of 2024. See Note 4, Investment Securities, for additional information. 
 
 The following table summarizes our investment in obligations of state and political subdivisions at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value of Total State and Political Subdivisions Amortized Cost Fair Value of Total State and Political Subdivisions Within California: General obligation bonds 22,899 19,480 14.5 24,191 20,009 14.7 Revenue bonds 2,047 1,728 1.3 3,507 2,917 2.1 Total within California 24,946 21,208 15.8 27,698 22,926 16.8 Outside California: General obligation bonds 107,874 97,694 68.5 108,846 98,139 66.3 Revenue bonds 24,641 22,440 15.7 27,692 25,014 16.9 Total outside California 132,515 120,134 84.2 136,538 123,153 83.2 Total obligations of state and political subdivisions 157,461 141,342 100.0 164,236 146,079 100.0 Percent of investment portfolio 12.3 12.1 10.7 10.7 
 
 Of the total investment in obligations of state and political subdivisions, the largest concentrations outside of California are in Texas (38.4 ), Washington (15.7 and Wisconsin (9.4 ). Our investment in obligations issued by municipal issuers in Texas are either guaranteed by the AAA rated Texas Permanent School Fund ("PSF") or backed by revenue sources from essential services (such as utilities and transportation). 
 
 Investments in states, municipalities and political subdivisions are subject to an initial pre-purchase credit assessment and ongoing monitoring. Key considerations include: 
 
 The soundness of a municipality s budgetary position and stability of its tax revenues 
 Debt profile and level of unfunded liabilities, diversity of revenue sources, taxing authority of the issuer 
 Local demographics/economics including unemployment data, largest taxpayers and local employers, income indices and home values 
 Page-42 

For revenue bonds, the source and strength of revenue for municipal authorities including the obligor s financial condition and reserve levels, annual debt service and debt coverage ratio, and credit enhancement (such as insurer s strength and collateral in escrow accounts) 
 Credit ratings by major credit rating agencies 
 
 Loans and Credit Quality 
 
 Loans totaled 2.090 billion as of September 30, 2024, compared to 2.074 billion as of December 31, 2023. The increase in the first nine months of 2024 totaled 16.4 million, compared to a 5.6 million decrease during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Additions to the loan portfolio in the first nine months of 2024 totaled 140.4 million and consisted of loan originations of 104.7 million and the purchase of a residential real estate loan pool totaling 35.7 million , compared to 90.3 million for the same period ended September 30, 2023 . The pipeline has grown, and key opportunistic hires and new compensation plans have accelerated calling activity, pipeline growth and diversification. Payoffs were 83.9 mill ion in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 59.5 million for the same period in 2023. In addition, amortization from scheduled payments and utilization of credit lines accounted for the remainder of the change in total loans. The largest portion of payoffs in the first nine months of 2024 was the result of asset sales and cash payoffs by customers. 
 
 Non-accrual loans totaled 39.9 million, or 1.91 of the loan portfolio, at September 30, 2024, compared to 8.0 million, or 0.39 at December 31, 2023. The 31.9 million increase in 2024 primarily resulted from the movement of three loans totaling 8.5 million to non-accrual status in the third quarter, and seven relationships totaling 27.8 million in the second quarter. 
 
 In the third quarter, the movement of 8.5 million to non-accrual status consisted mainly of an 8.1 million non-owner occupied commercial real estate loan whose renewal negotiations remain ongoing with no expectations for actual losses. 
 
 During the second quarter, the 27.8 million increase primarily resulted from the addition of a 16.7 million non-owner occupied commercial real estate loan discussed below and another 8.8 million relationship consisting of two commercial loans, one commercial real estate loan and one home equity loan. The 8.8 million relationship is anticipated to significantly pay down through the sale of assets in the near future. The underlying collateral property of the 16.7 million non-owner occupied commercial real estate loan, mentioned above is a multi-story office building located in San Francisco that was materially impacted by the pandemic and subsequent remote work and vacancy issues. We downgraded the credit to substandard in the fourth quarter of 2021, and have continued to evaluate the occupancy, operating income, and underlying valuation. In connection with that continued evaluation, we determined that the loan, although current, has experienced a deteriorating financial condition due to a material increase in its loan-to-value ratio associated with a recent valuation of underlying collateral. The loan is guaranteed, and payments have always been current with enough pledged cash held at the Bank to cover payments to maturity in 2026. 
 
 In the first nine months of 2024, pay-offs and paydowns of non-accrual loans totaled 4.7 million. Of the total non-accrual loans as of September 30, 2024, approximately 50 were paying as agreed, 80 were real estate secured, and all are being closely monitored for payments or payoff. 
 
 Bank of Marin has continued its conservative underwriting practices, and in light of current market conditions, our portfolio management and credit teams are exercising heightened vigilance for potential credit quality weakening. Classified loans increased to 52.4 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 32.3 million as of December 31, 2023. The 20.1 million increase was largely due to 26.8 million in downgrades, partially offset by 5.9 million in payoffs and paydowns and 827 thousand upgraded to pass. 
 
 Loans designated special mention, which are not considered adversely classified, decreased by 45.7 million to 89.5 million as of September 30, 2024, from 135.2 million as of December 31, 2023. The decrease was largely due to net migrations out of special mention to both pass and classified risk ratings including downgrades which we are closely monitoring and actively managing. Of the loans designated special mention, 90 were real estate secured. 
 
 Net charge-offs for the first nine months of 2024 totaled 47 thousand, compared to net recoveries of 2 thousand for the same period of 2023. 
 
 Page-43 

For more information, refer to Note 5, Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans, to the consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-Q. 

Page-44 

Liabilities - Deposits and Borrowings 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024, total liabilities decreased by 9.0 million to 3.356 billion. Deposits totaled 3.309 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 19.2 million, compared to 3.290 billion at December 31, 2023. The Bank had zero outstanding borrowings at September 30, 2024 as a result of repayments with proceeds from securities sales compared to 26.0 million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Non-interest bearing deposits made up 44.5 of total deposits at September 30, 2024 , compared to 43.8 at December 31, 2023 . Additionally, the Bank's competitive and balanced approach to relationship management and focused outreach supported the addition of approximately 3,700 new accounts during the first nine months of 2024. 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024, outstanding borrowings decreased by 26.0 million to zero at September 30, 2024, primarily due to the strategic balance sheet repositioning in the second quarter and the resulting proceeds from the sale of AFS securities mentioned above. There were intermittent borrowings averaging 5.9 million in 2024, compared to 260.6 million in the first nine months of 2023. Although available as a liquidity source, we have not utilized brokered deposits. Net available funding sources, including unrestricted cash, unencumbered available-for-sale securities, and remaining borrowing capacity was 1.934 billion, or 58 of total deposits and 208 of estimated uninsured and/or uncollateralized deposits as of September 30, 2024. Balances in the reciprocal deposit network program increased 17.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to 441.2 million from 423.5 million as of December 31, 2023. 

Capital Adequacy 
 
 We are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements as set forth in the following tables can trigger certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, we must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of our assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The capital amounts and the Bank s prompt corrective action classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components of capital, risk weightings and other factors. 
 
 Management reviews capital ratios on a regular basis and produces a five-year capital plan semi-annually to ensure that capital exceeds the prescribed regulatory minimums and is adequate to meet our anticipated future needs. Stress tests are performed on capital ratios and include scenarios such as additional unrealized losses on the investment portfolio, additional deposit growth and potential share repurchases. For all periods presented, the Bank s ratios exceed the regulatory definition of well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action and Bancorp s ratios exceed the required minimum ratios to be considered a well-capitalized bank holding company. In addition, the most recent notification from the FDIC categorized the Bank as well capitalized under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action as of September 30, 2024. There are no conditions or events since that notification that management believes have changed the Bank s categories and we expect the Bank to remain well capitalized for prompt corrective action purposes. 
 
 The total risk-based capital ratio for Bancorp was 16.40 at September 30, 2024, compared to 16.89 at December 31, 2023. The total risk-based capital ratio for the Bank was 15.82 at September 30, 2024, compared to 16.62 at December 31, 2023. Reductions in risk-based capital ratios were related to losses realized on securities sales. 
 
 Bancorp's tangible common equity to tangible assets ("TCE ratio") was 9.72 at September 30, 2024, compared to 9.73 at December 31, 2023. Bancorp's TCE ratio, net of after tax unrealized losses on held-to-maturity securities 1 , was 8.16 , compared to 7.80 at December 31, 2023. Management believes this non-GAAP measure is important because it reflects the level of capital available to withstand drastic changes in market conditions . 

1 Refer to the discussion and reconciliation of this non-GAAP financial measure in the section below entitled S tatement Regarding Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 Page-45 

The Bancorp s and Bank s capital adequacy ratios as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are presented in the following tables. 
 Bancorp Capital Ratios 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 Actual Adequately Capitalized Threshold 1 
 Threshold to be a Well Capitalized Bank Holding Company September 30, 2024 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 418,381 16.40 267,794 10.50 255,042 10.00 Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 387,221 15.18 216,785 8.50 204,033 8.00 Tier 1 Leverage Capital (to average assets) 387,221 10.42 148,706 4.00 185,882 5.00 Common Equity Tier 1 (to risk-weighted assets) 387,221 15.18 178,529 7.00 165,777 6.50 December 31, 2023 Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 440,842 16.89 274,002 10.50 260,954 10.00 Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 415,224 15.91 221,811 8.50 208,763 8.00 Tier 1 Leverage Capital (to average assets) 415,224 10.46 158,771 4.00 198,464 5.00 Common Equity Tier 1 (to risk-weighted assets) 415,224 15.91 182,668 7.00 169,620 6.50 
 Bank Capital Ratios 

(dollars in thousands) 
 Actual Adequately Capitalized Threshold 1 
 Threshold to be Well Capitalized under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions September 30, 2024 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 403,539 15.82 267,760 10.50 255,009 10.00 Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 372,379 14.60 216,758 8.50 204,007 8.00 Tier 1 Leverage Capital (to average assets) 372,379 10.02 148,692 4.00 185,866 5.00 Common Equity Tier 1 (to risk-weighted assets) 372,379 14.60 178,506 7.00 165,756 6.50 December 31, 2023 Total Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 433,598 16.62 273,986 10.50 260,939 10.00 Tier 1 Capital (to risk-weighted assets) 407,981 15.64 221,798 8.50 208,751 8.00 Tier 1 Leverage Capital (to average assets) 407,981 10.28 158,767 4.00 198,459 5.00 Common Equity Tier 1 (to risk-weighted assets) 407,981 15.64 182,657 7.00 169,610 6.50 
 1 Except for Tier 1 Leverage Capital, the adequately capitalized thresholds reflect the regulatory minimum plus a 2.5 capital conservation buffer as required under the Basel III Capital Standards in order to avoid limitations on paying dividends, engaging in share repurchases, and paying discretionary bonuses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The goal of liquidity management is to provide adequate funds to meet loan demand and to fund operating activities and deposit withdrawals. We accomplish this goal by maintaining an appropriate level of liquid assets and formal lines of credit with the FHLB, FRBSF and correspondent banks that enable us to borrow funds as seen in the table below and discussed in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in ITEM 1 of this report. Our Asset Liability Management Committee ("ALCO"), which is comprised of Bank directors and the Bank's Chief Executive Officer, is responsible for approving and monitoring our liquidity targets and strategies. The Bank has long-established minimum liquidity requirements that are regularly monitored using metrics and tools similar to those used by larger banks, such as the liquidity coverage ratio, and multi-scenario, long-horizon stress tests. Our c on tingency funding plan provides for early detection of potential liquidity issues in the market or the Bank and institutes prompt responses that may prevent or alleviate a liquidity crisis. Management monitors liquidity daily and regularly adjusts our position based on current and future liquidity needs. We also have relationships with third-party deposit networks and can adjust the placement of our deposits via reciprocal or one-way sales as part of our cash management strategy. 
 
 Net available contingent funding sources, including unrestricted cash, unencumbered available-for-sale securities and total available borrowing capacity totaled 1.934 billion, or 58 of total deposits and 208 of estimated uninsured and/or uncollateralized deposits as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Page-46 

The following table details the components of our contingent liquidity sources as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 (in thousands) Total Available Amount Used Net Availability Internal Sources Unrestricted cash 1 
 204,889 N/A 204,889 Unencumbered securities at market value 302,336 N/A 302,336 External Sources FHLB line of credit 923,582 923,582 FRB line of credit 
 377,813 377,813 Lines of credit at correspondent banks 125,000 125,000 Total Liquidity 1,933,620 1,933,620 
 1 Excludes cash items in transit. 
 Note: Brokered deposits available through third party networks are not included above. 
 
 We obtain funds from the repayment and maturity of loans, deposit inflows, investment securities sales, maturities and paydowns, federal funds purchases, FRB and FHLB advances, other borrowings, and cash flow from operations. Although available as a liquidity source, we have not chosen to utilize brokered deposits. Our primary uses of funds are the origination of loans, the purchase of investment securities and loans, withdrawals of deposits, maturity of certificates of deposit, repayment of borrowings, dividends to common stockholders, share repurchases and operating expenses. 
 
 Customer deposits are a significant component of our daily liquidity position. The attraction and retention of new deposits depends upon the variety and effectiveness of our customer account products, service and convenience, rates paid to customers, and our financial strength. The cash cycles and unique business activities of some of our large commercial depositors may cause short-term fluctuations in their deposit balances held with us. 
 
 Our cash and cash equivalents increased 198.7 million in the first nine months of 2024. The most significant sources of liquidity during the first nine months of 2024 were proceeds of 355.9 million from principal paydowns, maturities, calls and sales of investment securities, 19.2 million from net increase of deposits and 17.7 million in net cash provided by operating activities. 
 
 Significant uses of liquidity during the first nine months of 2024 were 133.5 million in investment securities purchased, 26.0 million in repayments of short-term borrowings, and 16.4 million in purchased loan pool, loan originations, and unfunded loan commitment advances, net of principal collected. Additionally, other uses included 12.2 million in cash dividends paid on common stock to our shareholders and 4.2 million in common stock repurchases. Refer to the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows in this Form 10-Q for additional information on our sources and uses of liquidity. Management anticipates that our current strong liquidity position, as detailed in this report, and contingent funding sources outlined in the table above are adequate to support our operational needs. 
 
 Unfunded loan commitments, as discussed in Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q, totaled 454.2 million at September 30, 2024. We expect to fund these commitments to the extent utilized primarily through the repayment of existing loans, principal paydowns of investment securities, and liquid assets. 
 
 Over the next twelve months, 262.6 million of time deposits will mature. We expect that a high percentage of these funds will remain with the Bank either through renewals or shifts to other deposit products. Any outflows can be absorbed by the Bank's excess liquidity. We believe our emphasis on local deposits, combined with our immediately available funding sources, provides a very stable base for our liquidity needs. 
 
 We had no borrowings under our credit facilities at September 30, 2024, and 26.0 million at December 31, 2023, as discussed in Note 6 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in ITEM 1 of this report. 
 
 Because Bancorp is a holding company and does not conduct regular banking operations, its primary sources of liquidity are dividends from the Bank. Under the California Financial Code, payment of a dividend from the Bank to Bancorp without advance regulatory approval is restricted to the lesser of the Bank s retained earnings or the amount of the Bank s net profits from the previous three fiscal years less the amount of dividends paid during that period. The Bank received approval from the State of California - Department of Financial Protection and Innovation on May 30, 2024, for a dividend of 19.0 million which was paid to Bancorp on June 24, 2024. The primary uses of funds for Bancorp are shareholder dividends, share repurchases and ordinary operating expenses. Bancorp held 
 Page-47 

14.6 million in cash at September 30, 2024, which is expected to cover cash needs well into the second quarter of 2025, 

Statement Regarding use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Financial results are presented in accordance with GAAP and with reference to certain non-GAAP financial measures. Management believes that, given industry turmoil that largely began in the first quarter of 2023, the presentation of Bancorp's non-GAAP TCE ratio reflecting the after tax impact of unrealized losses on held-to-maturity securities provides useful supplemental information to investors because it reflects the level of capital remaining after a hypothetical liquidation of the entire securities portfolio. In addition, management believes that providing selected financial measures excluding the loss on sale of securities discussed above is useful to investors as the strategic short-term loss taken for long-term profitability makes the operational performance difficult to compare to other periods. Because there are limits to the usefulness of this or any other non-GAAP measure to investors, Bancorp encourages readers to consider its annual and quarterly consolidated financial statements and notes related thereto in their entirety, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and not to rely on any single financial measure. A reconciliation of the GAAP financial measures to comparable non-GAAP financial measures is presented below. 
 
 Reconciliation of GAAP and Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts; unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Tangible Common Equity - Bancorp Total stockholders' equity 436,960 439,062 Goodwill and core deposit intangible (75,782) (76,520) Total TCE a 361,178 362,542 Unrealized losses on HTM securities, net of tax 1 
 (70,837) (86,500) Unrealized losses on HTM securities included in AOCI, net of tax 2 
 7,951 8,761 TCE, net of unrealized losses on HTM securities (non-GAAP) b 298,292 284,803 Total assets 3,792,833 3,803,903 Goodwill and core deposit intangible (75,782) (76,520) Total tangible assets c 3,717,051 3,727,383 Unrealized losses on HTM securities, net of tax 1 
 (70,837) (86,500) Unrealized losses on HTM securities included in AOCI, net of tax 2 
 7,951 8,761 Total tangible assets, net of unrealized losses on HTM securities (non-GAAP) d 3,654,165 3,649,644 Bancorp TCE ratio a / c 9.7 9.7 Bancorp TCE ratio, net of unrealized losses on HTM securities (non-GAAP) b / d 8.2 7.8 Tangible Book Value Per Share 
 Common shares outstanding 
 e 
 16,083 16,158 Book value per share 
 27.17 27.17 Tangible book value per share 
 a / e 
 22.46 22.44 1 Unrealized losses on held-to-maturity securities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 of 100.6 million and 122.8 million, respectively, including the unrealized losses that resulted from the transfer of securities from AFS to HTM, net of an estimated 29.8 million and 36.3 million, respectively, in deferred tax benefits based on a blended state and federal statutory tax rate of 29.56 . 
 2 The remaining unrealized losses that resulted from the transfer of securities from AFS to HTM, net of an estimated 3.3 million and 3.7 million, respectively, in deferred tax benefits based on a blended state and federal statutory tax rate of 29.56 are added back as they are already included in AOCI. 

Page-48 

(in thousands, except per share amounts; unaudited) 
 Three months ended Nine months ended Net income (loss) 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income (loss) (GAAP) 
 4,570 (21,902) (14,410) 19,285 Adjustments: Losses on sale of investment securities from portfolio repositioning 32,542 32,542 Related income tax benefit (9,620) (9,620) Adjustments, net of taxes 22,922 22,922 Comparable net income (non-GAAP) 4,570 1,020 8,512 19,285 Diluted earnings (loss) per share 
 Weighted average diluted shares 16,066 16,108 16,076 16,017 Diluted earnings (loss) per share (GAAP) 
 0.28 (1.36) (0.90) 1.20 Comparable diluted earnings per share (non-GAAP) 0.28 0.06 0.53 1.20 Return on average assets Average assets 3,763,660 3,751,159 3,775,320 4,119,130 Return on average assets (GAAP) 0.48 (2.35) (0.51) 0.63 Comparable return on average assets (non-GAAP) 0.48 0.11 0.30 0.63 Return on average equity Average stockholders' equity 435,645 432,692 434,773 424,606 Return on average equity (GAAP) 4.17 (20.36) (4.43) 6.07 Comparable return on average equity (non-GAAP) 4.17 0.95 2.62 6.07 Efficiency ratio Non-interest expense 20,417 21,894 63,480 60,192 Net interest income 24,269 22,467 69,430 78,497 Non-interest income (GAAP) 2,888 (29,755) (24,113) 8,272 Losses on sale of investment securities from portfolio repositioning 32,542 32,542 Non-interest income (non-GAAP) 2,888 2,787 8,429 8,272 Efficiency ratio (GAAP) 75.18 (300.37) 140.08 69.37 Comparable efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 75.18 86.70 81.53 69.37 

ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Market risk is defined as the risk of loss arising from an adverse change in the market value (or prices) of financial instruments. A significant component of market risk is interest rate risk, which is inherent in our lending, investment, borrowing and deposit gathering activities. The Bank manages interest rate sensitivity to minimize the exposure of our net interest margin, earnings, and capital to changes in interest rates. Interest rate changes can create fluctuations in the net interest margin due to an imbalance in the timing of repricing, or maturity of assets or liabilities. Interest rate changes can also affect the market value of our financial instruments, such as available-for-sale securities and the related unrealized gains or losses, which affect our equity value. 
 
 To mitigate interest rate risk, the structure of our assets and liabilities is managed with the objective of correlating the effects of interest rate changes on loans and investments with those of deposits and borrowings. The Asset/Liability Management Policy sets limits on the acceptable amount of change to net interest income and the economic value of equity in different interest rate environments. 
 
 From time to time, we enter into interest rate swap contracts to mitigate the changes in the fair value of selected investment securities and specified long-term fixed-rate loans and firm commitments to enter into long-term fixed-rate loans caused by changes in interest rates. Refer to Note 9 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in this report. 
 
 ALCO and the Board of Directors review our exposure to interest rate risk at least quarterly. We use simulation models to measure interest rate risk and to evaluate strategies to improve profitability in the context of policy guidelines. A simplified statement of condition is prepared on a quarterly basis as a starting point, using instrument level data of our actual loans, investments, borrowings and deposits as inputs. If potential changes to net equity value and net interest income resulting from hypothetical interest rate changes are not within the limits established by the Board of Directors, management may adjust the asset and liability mix to bring the risk position within approved limits or take other actions. Governing policies are subject to review by regulators and are updated to incorporate their observations and adapt to changes in idiosyncratic and systemic risks. As of September 30, 2024, 
 Page-49 

interest rate risk was within policy guidelines established by ALCO and the Board. One set of interest rates modeled and evaluated against flat interest rates and a static balance sheet is a series of immediate parallel shifts in the yield curve. Our most recent analysis of our interest rate sensitivity is provided in the following table as an example rather than an expectation of likely interest rate movements. 
 Immediate Changes in Interest Rates (in basis points) Estimated Change in Net Interest Income in Year 1, as Percent of Net Interest Income Estimated Change in Net Interest Income in Year 2, as Percent of Net Interest Income up 400 (2.8) 7.6 up 300 (1.8) 5.9 up 200 (1.0) 4.3 up 100 (0.2) 2.5 down 100 (1.6) (1.8) down 200 (2.2) (1.5) down 300 
 (2.5) (1.2) down 400 
 (2.3) (1.3) 
 
 Interest rate sensitivity is a function of the repricing characteristics of our assets and liabilities. The Bank runs a combination of scenarios and sensitivities in its attempt to capture the range of interest rate risk including the simulations mentioned above. As with any simulation model or other method of measuring interest rate risk, limitations are inherent in the process and results are dependent on assumptions. For example, lower deposit growth than modeled may cause the Bank to increase its borrowing position, thereby increasing its liability sensitivity. Additionally, assets and liabilities may react differently to changes in market interest rates in terms of both timing and responsiveness to market rate movements. Important deposit modeling assumptions include the speed of deposit run-off and the amount by which interest-bearing deposit rates increase or decrease when market interest rates change, otherwise known as the deposit beta. 
 
 The above tables reflect deposit betas of up to 70 , averaging 43 , for rates paid on non-maturity interest-bearing deposits in rising rate scenarios. Deposit betas of up to 60 , averaging 35 , are applied to rates paid on non-maturity interest-bearing deposits in falling rate scenarios with a three month lag assumed. However, deposit pricing is actively managed at the relationship level and closely monitored real-time to avoid unintended consequences. The actual rates and timing of prepayments on loans and investment securities could vary significantly from the assu mptions applied in the various scenarios. During the third quarter the Bank's asset sensitivity increased due to deposit inflows, which increased cash balances as well as the balance sheet repositioning activities initiated in the second quarter. In order to slightly reduce this asset sensitivity, subsequent to quarter end on November 4, 2024 the Bank terminated its interest rate swaps tied to available-for-sale securities. Lastly, uneven changes in different tenors of U.S. Treasury rates that result in changes to the shape of the yield curve could produce different results from those presented in the table. While not presented here, interest rate risk scenarios include yield curve steepening, flattening and twists. Accordingly, the results presented should not be relied upon as indicative of actual results in the event of changing market interest rates. 

ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Bank of Marin Bancorp and its subsidiary (the "Company") conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Act )) as of the end of the period covered by this report. The term disclosure controls and procedures means controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Act (15 U.S.C. 78a et seq.) is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file or submit under the Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon 
 Page-50 

that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there were no significant changes that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to affect, our internal control over financial reporting. The term internal control over financial reporting, as defined by Rule 15d-15(f) of the Act, is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the issuer's principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and affected by the issuer's board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 Legal Proceedings 
 
 Refer to Note 12 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 of our 2023 Form 10-K and Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 1A Risk Factors 
 
 Our business is influenced by many factors that are difficult to predict, involve uncertainties that may materially affect actual results and are often beyond our control. In evaluating an investment in Bancorp's common stock, investors should consider, among other things, the risks previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of our 2023 Form 10-K, and the information contained in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and other reports and registration statements filed w ith the SEC, which are incorporated herein by reference. There have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our 2023 Form 10-K. 

ITEM 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 There were no unregistered sales of equity securities during the period covered by this report. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 The following table reports information regarding repurchases of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 (in thousands, except per share data) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share 1 2 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs Approximate Dollar Value That May yet Be Purchased Under the Program 3 
 Period July 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024 25,000 August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 220 19.21 220 24,780 September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 24,780 Three months ended September 30, 2024 
 220 19.21 220 24,780 1 Average price paid per share excludes commission. 
 2 The aggregate purchase price and weighted average price per share does not include the effect of excise tax expense incurred on net stock repurchases. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the excise tax, net of issuances, was approximately 19 thousand. 
 3 On July 21, 2023, the Board of Directors approved the adoption of Bancorp's share repurchase program for up to 25.0 million and expiring on July 31, 2025. 

Page-51 

ITEM 3 Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 None. 

ITEM 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5 Other Information 
 Not applicable. 
 Page-52 

ITEM 6 Exhibits 
 
 The following exhibits are filed as part of this report or hereby incorporated by references to filings previously made with the SEC. 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Herewith 3.01 Articles of Incorporation, as amended 
 S-4 333-257025 3.01 June 11, 2021 3.02 Bylaws, as amended 
 S-4 333-257025 3.02 June 11, 2021 4.01 Description of Capital Stock 
 10-K 001-33572 4.01 March 16, 2023 10.01 Employee Stock Ownership Plan 
 S-8 333-218274 4.1 May 26, 2017 10.02 2017 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 S-8 333-221219 4.1 October 30, 2017 10.03 2017 Equity Plan, as amended 
 S-8 333-227840 4.1 October 15, 2018 10.04 2020 Director Stock Plan 
 S-8 333-239555 4.1 June 30, 2020 10.05 Form of Indemnification Agreement for Directors and Executive Officers, dated August 9, 2007 
 10-Q 001-33572 10.06 November 7, 2007 10.06 2010 Annual Individual Incentive Compensation Plan, revised 2019 
 10-K 001-33572 10.07 March 15, 2021 10.07 Salary Continuation Agreement for executive officer Tani Girton, Chief Financial Officer, dated October 18, 2013 
 8-K 001-33572 10.2 November 4, 2014 10.08 2007 Form of Change in Control Agreement 
 8-K 001-33572 10.1 October 31, 2007 10.09 Director Deferred Fee Plan, dated December 17, 2020 
 10-K 001-33572 10.13 March 15, 2021 10.10 Employment Agreement with Timothy Myers, dated September 23, 2021 
 8-K 001-33572 10.1 September 24, 2021 10.11 Salary Continuation Agreement, as amended for executive officer Timothy Myers, Chief Executive Officer, dated January 1, 2022 
 8-K 001-33572 10.1 December 21, 2022 10.12 Salary Continuation Agreement for executive officer Nicolette Sloan, Head of Commercial Banking, dated January 1, 2022 
 8-K 001-33572 10.2 December 21, 2022 10.13 Salary Continuation Agreement for executive officer Misako Stewart, Chief Credit Officer, dated January 1, 2022 
 8-K 001-33572 10.3 December 21, 2022 10.14 Salary Continuation Agreement for executive officer Brandi Campbell, Head of Retail Banking, dated July 1, 2022 
 8-K 001-33572 10.4 December 21, 2022 31.01 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed 31.02 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed 32.01 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document Filed 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Filed 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Filed 
 Page-53 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Bank of Marin Bancorp (registrant) November 8, 2024 /s/ Timothy D. Myers Date Timothy D. Myers President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) November 8, 2024 /s/ Tani Girton Date Tani Girton 
 Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 Page-54 

<EX-31.01>
 2
 bmrc-ex3101_20240930x10q.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.01 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Timothy D. Myers, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bank of Marin Bancorp (the Registrant) 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a -15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 November 8, 2024 s Timothy D. Myers Date Timothy D. Myers President & Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 bmrc-ex3102_20240930x10q.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.02 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) as adopted pursuant to 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Tani Girton, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bank of Marin Bancorp (the Registrant) 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the Registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The Registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant's Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting, which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 November 8, 2024 s Tani Girton 
 Date Tani Girton 
 Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 bmrc-ex3201_20240930x10q.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.01 
 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 as adopted pursuant to 906 
 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Bank of Marin Bancorp (the Registrant) for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, the undersigned hereby certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 

1) such Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) 
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2) the information contained in such Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material 
 respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

November 8, 2024 s Timothy D. Myers Date Timothy D. Myers President & Chief Executive Officer 
 November 8, 2024 s Tani Girton Date Tani Girton 
 Executive Vice President & Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies each report pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not, except to the extent required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, be deemed filed by the Registrant for purposes of 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 bmrc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 bmrc-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 bmrc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 bmrc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 bmrc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

