<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1982518_0001982518-24-000005.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7005279</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>156689</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1325201</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2340201</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1692654</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1380202</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001982518-24-000005.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112171839
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001982518-24-000005
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		78
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Smith Douglas Homes Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001982518
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OPERATIVE BUILDERS [1531]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41917
		FILM NUMBER:		241449907

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 VILLAGE TRAIL, SUITE 215
		CITY:			WOODSTOCK
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30188
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(770) 213-8067

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		110 VILLAGE TRAIL, SUITE 215
		CITY:			WOODSTOCK
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30188

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001982518-24-000005.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 sdhc-20240930.htm
 10-Q

sdhc-20240930 
 
 Table of Conte n t s 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________________ to ___________________ 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 N/A 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 5, 2024 , the number of shares of the registrant s Class A common stock outstanding was approximately , and the number of shares of the registrant s Class B common stock outstanding was approximately . 

Table of Conte n t s 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Basis of Presentation 
 2 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 7 
 PART I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 9 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 9 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (unaudited) 
 9 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 10 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders /Members Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 11 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 13 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 16 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 31 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 PART II 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 48 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 48 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 48 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 48 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 48 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 48 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 49 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 49 
 Signatures 
 51 
 
 1 

Table of Conte n t s 

 BASIS OF PRESENTATION 
 Certain Definitions 
 As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless the context otherwise requires, references to: 
 Average sales price or ASP refers to the average sales price of either our homes closed, our new home orders, or our backlog homes (at period end). 
 Basis Adjustments refers to an allocable share (and increases thereto) of existing tax basis, in Smith Douglas Holdings LLC s assets and tax basis adjustments with respect to such assets resulting from (a) Smith Douglas Homes Corp. s purchase of LLC Interests from Smith Douglas Holdings LLC and each Continuing Equity Owner in connection with the Transactions, (b) any future redemptions or exchanges of LLC Interests from the Continuing Equity Owners, (c) certain distributions (or deemed distributions) by Smith Douglas Holdings LLC, and (d) payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 Construction cycle time refers, unless stated otherwise, to the number of business days between the start of the construction of foundations in a home and quality acceptance. 
 Continuing Equity Owners refers collectively to the owners of LLC Interests in Smith Douglas Holdings LLC prior to the consummation of the Transactions, who are also holders of LLC Interests and our Class B common stock following consummation of the Transactions, including the Founder Fund and GSB Holdings, who may exchange at each of their respective options, in whole or in part from time to time, their LLC Interests, as applicable, for, at our election (determined solely by our independent directors (within the meaning of the Exchange rules) who are disinterested), cash or newly-issued shares of our Class A common stock as described under Part III, Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence Smith Douglas LLC Agreement of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (our Annual Report ). In connection with an exchange of LLC Interests, a corresponding number of shares of Class B common stock shall be immediately and automatically transferred to Smith Douglas Homes Corp. for no consideration and canceled. 
 Controlled lots refers to lots that are either owned or held under an option to be acquired for the relevant time frame set forth in the option contracts. 
 Devon Street Homes refers to Devon Street Homes, L.P. 
 Devon Street Homes Acquisition refers to the transaction consummated on July 31, 2023, pursuant to which we acquired substantially all of the assets of Devon Street Homes pursuant to an asset purchase agreement (the APA ). The purchase price equaled the net assets of Devon Street Homes on a cash-free, debt-free basis, plus an agreed upon premium which is comprised primarily of real estate inventory, subject to purchase price adjustments. We funded the purchase price of 83.9 million, primarily from cash on hand, 72.0 million of draws on our Prior Credit Facility, a three-year promissory note in the principal amount of 5.0 million payable to the seller, and approximately 3.0 million contingent consideration to the seller. The contingent consideration will be paid to the seller upon the achievement of certain gross margin targets. Our unaudited financial statements as of September 30, 2024 , include the results of operations of Devon Street Homes and may not be directly comparable to the prior period. 
 Exchange refers to the New York Stock Exchange. 
 Founder Fund refers to The Bradbury Family Trust II A U/A/D December 29, 2015, for which our founder and Executive Chairman, Tom Bradbury, is co-trustee. 
 GSB Holdings refers to GSB Holdings LLC, for which our Chief Executive Officer, President, and Vice Chairman, Greg Bennett, is the sole member and manager. 
 IPO refers to our initial public offering, which we completed on January 16, 2024, and through which we offered 8,846,154 shares of our Class A common stock at a price to the public of 21.00 per share, which includes the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase an additional 1,153,846 shares of our Class A 
 2 

Table of Conte n t s 

 common stock. The gross proceeds to us from the IPO were 185.8 million, before deducting underwriting discounts. 
 LLC Interests refers to the membership units of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC, including those that we purchase with the net proceeds from the IPO. 
 Refinancing refers to (i) concurrently with the consummation of our IPO, the entry by Smith Douglas Holdings LLC and certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries into an amended and restated revolving credit facility (the Amended Credit Facility which replaced the 175.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the lenders party thereto (the Lenders ), and the Lenders, dated as of October 28, 2021, as amended to date (the Prior Credit Facility, as amended and restated, the Amended Credit Facility ), and (ii) the repayment, using a portion of the net proceeds from the IPO, of the 84.0 million outstanding under our Prior Credit Facility (the Debt Repayment ). 
 Section 704(c) Allocations refers to disproportionate allocations (if any) of income and gain from inventory property held by Smith Douglas Holdings LLC as of the date of the IPO under Section 704(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), resulting from our acquisition of LLC Interests from Smith Douglas Holdings LLC including in connection with the Transactions. 
 Sunset Date refers to the date upon which the aggregate number of shares of Class B common stock then outstanding is less than 10 of the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock then outstanding. 
 Smith Douglas LLC Agreement refers, as applicable, to Smith Douglas Holdings LLC s amended and restated limited liability company agreement, as in effect prior to the IPO, or to the amended and restated limited liability company agreement dated as of January 10, 2024, and as such agreement may thereafter be amended and/or restated. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement refers to the Tax Receivable Agreement entered into by and among Smith Douglas Homes Corp., Smith Douglas Holdings LLC and the Continuing Equity Owners in connection with the IPO, pursuant to which, among other things, Smith Douglas Homes Corp. is required to pay to each Continuing Equity Owner 85 of certain tax benefits, if any, that it realizes (or in certain cases is deemed to realize) as a result of the tax benefits provided by Basis Adjustments, Section 704(c) Allocations, and certain other tax benefits (such as interest deductions) covered by the Tax Receivable Agreement as described in Part III, Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Tax Receivable Agreement of our Annual Report. 
 Transactions refers to the organizational transactions described in Basis of Presentation The Transactions below and the IPO, and the application of the net proceeds therefrom. 
 We , us , our , the Company , Smith Douglas , and similar references refer: (i) following the consummation of the Transactions, including the IPO, to Smith Douglas Homes Corp., and, unless otherwise stated, all of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Smith Douglas Holdings LLC, and (ii) prior to the completion of the Transactions, including the IPO, to Smith Douglas Holdings LLC. 
 The Transactions 
 Smith Douglas Homes Corp., a Delaware corporation, was formed on June 20, 2023. Smith Douglas Homes Corp. is a holding company and the sole managing member of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC, and its principal asset consists of LLC Interests. Prior to our IPO and the Transactions, all of our business operations were conducted through Smith Douglas Holdings LLC, and the Continuing Equity Owners were the only members of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC. In connection with the consummation of the IPO, we undertook certain organizational transactions, described further below, to reorganize our corporate structure: 
 we amended the Smith Douglas LLC Agreement to, among other things, (i) recapitalize all existing ownership interests in Smith Douglas Holdings LLC into 44,871,794 LLC Interests (before giving effect to the use of proceeds from the IPO, as described below), (ii) appoint Smith Douglas Homes Corp. as the sole managing member of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC upon its acquisition of LLC Interests in connection with the IPO, and (iii) provide certain redemption rights to the Continuing Equity Owners; 
 3 

Table of Conte n t s 

 we amended and restated Smith Douglas Homes Corp. s certificate of incorporation to, among other things, provide (i) for Class A common stock, with each share of our Class A common stock entitling its holder to one vote per share on all matters presented to our stockholders generally; (ii) for Class B common stock, with each share of our Class B common stock entitling its holder to ten votes per share on all matters presented to our stockholders generally prior to the Sunset Date and from and after the occurrence of the Sunset Date each share of our Class B common stock will entitle its holder to one vote per share on all matters presented to our stockholders generally; (iii) that shares of our Class B common stock may only be held by the Continuing Equity Owners and their respective permitted transferees; and (iv) for preferred stock, which can be issued by our board of directors in one or more series without stockholder approval; 
 we issued 42,435,897 shares of our Class B common stock (after giving effect to the use of net proceeds from our IPO as described below and taking into account the exercise in full of the underwriters option to purchase an additional 1,153,846 shares of our Class A common stock in the IPO) to the Continuing Equity Owners at the time of such issuance of Class B common stock, which is equal to the number of LLC Interests held by such Continuing Equity Owners, for nominal consideration; 
 we issued 8,846,154 shares of our Class A common stock to the purchasers in the IPO in exchange for gross proceeds of approximately 185.8 million based upon the IPO price of 21.00 per share, before deducting the underwriting discount; 
 we used the net proceeds from the IPO (i) to purchase 6,410,257 newly issued LLC Interests for approximately 125.2 million directly from Smith Douglas Holdings LLC at the IPO price less the underwriting discount; and (ii) to purchase 2,435,897 LLC Interests from the Continuing Equity Owners on a pro rata basis for 47.6 million at a price per unit equal to the initial public offering price per share of Class A common stock less the underwriting discount; 
 Smith Douglas Holdings LLC used the net proceeds from the sale of LLC Interests to Smith Douglas Homes Corp. (i) to repay approximately 84.0 million of borrowings outstanding under the Prior Credit Facility as part of the Refinancing, (ii) to redeem all outstanding Class C Units and Class D Units of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC at par in aggregate for 2.6 million, (iii) to repay 0.9 million in notes payable to certain related parties, and (iv) for general corporate purposes as described under Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and Part III, Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence of our Annual Report; 
 Smith Douglas Homes Corp. entered into (i) the Registration Rights Agreement with certain of the Continuing Equity Owners and (ii) the Tax Receivable Agreement with Smith Douglas Holdings LLC and the Continuing Equity Owners. For a description of the terms of the Registration Rights Agreement and the Tax Receivable Agreement, see Part III, Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence of our Annual Report. 
 Following the Transactions: 
 Smith Douglas Homes Corp. is a holding company, and its principal asset consists of LLC Interests it acquired directly from Smith Douglas Holdings LLC and from each Continuing Equity Owner; 
 Smith Douglas Homes Corp. is the sole managing member of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC and controls the business and affairs of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC; 
 Smith Douglas Homes Corp. owns, directly or indirectly, 8,846,154 LLC Interests, representing approximately 17.3 of the economic interest in Smith Douglas Holdings LLC; 
 the Continuing Equity Owners own (i) 42,435,897 LLC Interests, representing approximately 82.7 of the economic interest in Smith Douglas Holdings LLC and (ii) 42,435,897 shares of Class B common stock of Smith Douglas Homes Corp.; 
 the purchasers in the IPO own (i) 8,846,154 shares of Class A common stock of Smith Douglas Homes Corp., representing approximately 2.0 of the combined voting power of all of Smith Douglas Homes Corp. s common 
 4 

Table of Conte n t s 

 stock and approximately 100 of the economic interest in Smith Douglas Homes Corp., and (ii) through Smith Douglas Homes Corp. s ownership of LLC Interests, indirectly hold approximately 17.3 of the economic interest in Smith Douglas Holdings LLC; and 
 our Class A common stock and Class B common stock have what is commonly referred to as a high/low vote structure, which means that shares of our Class B common stock initially have ten votes per share and our Class A common stock have one vote per share. Upon the occurrence of the Sunset Date, each share of Class B common stock will then be entitled to one vote per share. This high/low vote structure enables the Continuing Equity Owners to control the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of our directors, as well as the overall management and direction of our company. Furthermore, the Continuing Equity Owners exert a significant degree of influence, or actual control, over matters requiring stockholder approval. We believe that maintaining this control by the Continuing Equity Owners will help enable them to successfully guide the implementation of our growth strategies and strategic vision. 
 Our corporate structure following the IPO is commonly referred to as an umbrella partnership-C corporation Up-C structure, which is often used by partnerships and limited liability companies when they undertake an initial public offering of their business. The Up-C structure allows the Continuing Equity Owners to retain their equity ownership in Smith Douglas Holdings LLC and to continue to realize tax benefits associated with owning interests in an entity that is treated as a partnership, or flow-through entity, for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Investors in and after our IPO, by contrast, hold their equity ownership in Smith Douglas Homes Corp., a Delaware corporation that is a domestic corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes, in the form of shares of Class A common stock. One of the tax benefits to the Continuing Equity Owners associated with this structure is that future taxable income of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC that is allocated to the Continuing Equity Owners will be taxed on a flow-through basis and therefore will not be subject to corporate taxes at the entity level. Additionally, because the Continuing Equity Owners may have their LLC Interests redeemed by Smith Douglas Holdings LLC (or at our option, directly exchanged by Smith Douglas Homes Corp.) for newly issued shares of our Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis (subject to customary adjustments, including for stock splits, stock dividends, and reclassifications) or, at our option, for cash, the Up-C structure also provides the Continuing Equity Owners with potential liquidity that holders of non-publicly traded limited liability companies are not typically afforded. In connection with any such redemption or exchange of LLC Interests, a corresponding number of shares of Class B common stock held by the relevant Continuing Equity Owner will automatically be transferred to Smith Douglas Homes Corp. for no consideration and be canceled. The Continuing Equity Owners and Smith Douglas Homes Corp. also each expect to benefit from the Up-C structure as a result of certain cash tax savings arising from redemptions or exchanges of the Continuing Equity Owner s LLC Interests for Class A common stock or cash, and certain other tax benefits covered by the Tax Receivable Agreement discussed under Part III, Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Tax Receivable Agreement . See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to our Organizational Structure of our Annual Report. In general, the Continuing Equity Owners expect to receive payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement of 85 of the amount of certain tax benefits, as described below, and Smith Douglas Homes Corp. expects to benefit in the form of cash tax savings in amounts equal to 15 of certain tax benefits, as described below. Any payments made by us to the Continuing Equity Owners under the Tax Receivable Agreement will reduce cash otherwise arising from such tax savings. We expect such payments will be substantial. 
 As described under Part III, Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence Tax Receivable Agreement of our Annual Report, prior to the completion of the IPO, we entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement with Smith Douglas Holdings LLC and the Continuing Equity Owners that provides for the payment by Smith Douglas Homes Corp. to the Continuing Equity Owners of 85 of the amount of tax benefits, if any, that Smith Douglas Homes Corp. actually realizes (or in some circumstances is deemed to realize) as a result of (i) Basis Adjustments, (ii) Section 704(c) Allocations, and (iii) certain tax benefits (such as interest deductions) arising from payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 Presentation of Financial Information 
 Smith Douglas Holdings LLC is the accounting predecessor of Smith Douglas Homes Corp. for financial reporting purposes. As a result, the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements of the combined entity represent a continuation of the financial position and results of operations of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC. 
 Certain monetary amounts, percentages, and other figures included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have been subject to rounding adjustments. Percentage amounts included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q have not in all cases been calculated on the basis of such rounded figures, but on the basis of such amounts prior to rounding. For this 
 5 

Table of Conte n t s 

 reason, percentage amounts in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may vary from those obtained by performing the same calculations using the figures in our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Certain other amounts that appear in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may not sum due to rounding. 
 Key Terms and Performance Indicators used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Throughout this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, we use a number of key terms and provide a number of key performance indicators and non-GAAP financial measures used by management. Please see Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures for definitions and further information about why and how we calculate key performance indicators and non-GAAP financial measures, including a reconciliation of the following: 
 adjusted home closing gross profit , defined as home closing revenue less cost of home closings, excluding capitalized interest charged to cost of home closings, impairment charges and adjustments resulting from the application of purchase accounting included in cost of sales, if applicable; 
 adjusted home closing gross margin , defined as adjusted home closing gross profit as a percentage of home closing revenue; 
 adjusted net income , defined as net income adjusted for the tax impact using a 24.5 federal and state blended tax rate (assuming 100 public ownership to adjust for the impact of taxes on earnings attributable to Smith Douglas Holdings LLC as if Smith Douglas Holdings LLC was a subchapter C corporation in the periods presented); 
 EBITDA , defined as net income before (i) interest income, (ii) capitalized interest charged to cost of home closings, (iii) interest expense, (iv) income tax expense, and (v) depreciation; 
 EBITDA margin , defined as EBITDA as a percentage of home closing revenue; 
 adjusted EBITDA , defined as net income before (i) interest income, (ii) capitalized interest charged to cost of home closings, (iii) interest expense, (iv) income tax expense, (v) depreciation, (vi) adjustments resulting from the application of purchase accounting included in cost of sales, and (vii) adjustments resulting from the application of purchase accounting included in other (income) expense, net; 
 adjusted EBITDA margin , defined as adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of home closing revenue; and 
 net debt-to-net book capitalization, defined as (i) total debt, less cash and cash equivalents, divided by (ii) total debt, less cash and cash equivalents, plus stockholders equity. 
 We use non-GAAP financial measures, such as adjusted home closing gross profit, adjusted home closing gross margin, adjusted net income, EBITDA, EBITDA margin, adjusted EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA margin, and net debt-to-net book capitalization, to supplement financial information presented in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. GAAP ). We believe that excluding certain items from our GAAP results allows management to better understand our consolidated financial performance from period to period and better project our future consolidated financial performance, as applicable, as forecasts are developed at a level of detail different from that used to prepare GAAP-based financial measures. Moreover, we believe these non-GAAP financial measures provide our stakeholders with useful information to help them evaluate our operating results and make more meaningful period to period comparisons. There are limitations to the use of the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. For example, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do, limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes. See Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Metrics and Non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 6 

Table of Conte n t s 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward looking statements. We intend such forward looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may be forward looking statements. Statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, business strategy, and plans and objectives of management for future operations, including, among others, statements regarding the Transactions, expected growth, future capital expenditures, and debt service obligations are forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, targets, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. 
 The forward looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are only predictions. We have based these forward looking statements largely on our current expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Forward looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward looking statements. We believe that these factors include: 
 our inability to successfully identify, secure, and control an adequate inventory of lots at reasonable prices; 
 the tightening of mortgage lending standards and mortgage financing requirements; 
 the housing market may not continue to grow at the same rate, or may decline; 
 the availability, skill, and performance of trade partners; 
 a shortage or increase in the costs of building materials could delay or increase the cost of home construction; 
 efforts to impose joint employer liability on us for labor, safety, or worker s compensation law violations committed by our trade partners; 
 volatility in the credit and capital markets may impact our cost of capital and our ability to access necessary financing and the difficulty in obtaining sufficient capital could prevent us from acquiring lots for our development or increase costs and delays in the completion of our homebuilding expenditures; 
 an active, liquid trading market for our Class A common stock may not continue, which may make it difficult for you to sell your shares of Class A common stock; 
 we cannot predict the effect our dual class structure may have on the market price of our Class A common stock; 
 the Tax Receivable Agreement requires us to make cash payments to the Continuing Equity Owners in respect of certain tax benefits to which we may become entitled, and we expect that such payments will be substantial; 
 our organizational structure, including the Tax Receivable Agreement, confers certain benefits upon the Continuing Equity Owners that will not benefit holders of our Class A common stock to the same extent that it will benefit the Continuing Equity Owners; 
 the significant influence the Continuing Equity Owners have over us, including control over decisions that require the approval of stockholders; and 
 the factors set forth under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report. 
 Because forward looking statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, some of which cannot be predicted or quantified, you should not rely on these forward looking statements as predictions of future events. The events and circumstances reflected in our forward looking statements may not be achieved or occur and actual results could differ 
 7 

Table of Conte n t s 

 materially from those projected in the forward looking statements. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the documents that we reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and have filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and achievements may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 These forward looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, whether as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. 
 8 

Table of Conte n t s 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 SMITH DOUGLAS HOMES CORP. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited, in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Real estate inventory Deposits on real estate under option or contract Real estate not owned Property and equipment, net Goodwill Deferred tax asset, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders /Members Equity Liabilities: Accounts payable Customer deposits Notes payable Liabilities related to real estate not owned Accrued expenses and other liabilities Tax receivable agreement liability Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 9) Class C units Class D units Total members equity Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value shares authorized; issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 Class A common stock, par value shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 Class B common stock, par value shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Total stockholders equity attributable to Smith Douglas Homes Corp. Non-controlling interests attributable to Smith Douglas Holdings LLC Total stockholders /members equity Total liabilities and stockholders /members equity 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Conte n t s 

 SMITH DOUGLAS HOMES CORP. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (Unaudited, in thousands except share and per share amounts) 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Home closing revenue Cost of home closings Home closing gross profit Selling, general and administrative costs Equity in income from unconsolidated entities ) ) ) ) Interest expense Other (income) expense, net ) ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Net income attributable to non-controlling interests and LLC members prior to IPO Net income attributable to Smith Douglas Homes Corp. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Period from January 11, 2024 to September 30, 2024 Earnings per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Conte n t s 

 SMITH DOUGLAS HOMES CORP. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders /Members Equity 
 (Unaudited and in thousands, except unit and share amounts) 
 
 Smith Douglas Holdings LLC Members Equity (prior to Reorganization Transactions) Note 1 Smith Douglas Homes Corp. Stockholders Equity Class A Units Class C Units Class D Units Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Non- Controlling Interests Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Stockholders Equity Amounts Total Equity Balance June 30, 2024 Tax distributions ) ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Net income Balance September 30, 2024 Balance December 31, 2023 Distributions ) ) Net loss prior to Reorganization Transactions and IPO ) ) Reorganization Transactions ) ) IPO and Related Transactions ) ) ) ) ) Increase in deferred tax asset from IPO and Related Transactions Tax distributions ) ) ) ) Equity-based compensation Net income subsequent to Reorganization Transactions and IPO Balance September 30, 2024 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

Table of Conte n t s 

 SMITH DOUGLAS HOMES CORP. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders /Members Equity - Continued 
 (Unaudited and in thousands, except unit and share amounts) 
 
 Smith Douglas Holdings LLC Members Equity (prior to Reorganization Transactions) Note 1 Class A Units Class C Units Class D Units Units Amount Units Amount Units Amount Total Equity Balance June 30, 2023 Distributions ) ) ) ) Net income Balance September 30, 2023 Balance December 31, 2022 Distributions ) ) ) ) Net income Balance September 30, 2023 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 12 

Table of Conte n t s 

 SMITH DOUGLAS HOMES CORP. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited, in thousands) 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Accrued incentive compensation expense Share-based payment expense Amortization of debt issuance costs Equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities ) ) Distributions of income from unconsolidated entities Non-cash lease expense Provision for deferred income taxes Other Changes in assets and liabilities: Real estate inventory ) ) Deposits on real estate under option or contract ) ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable Customer deposits ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Investments in unconsolidated entities ) Distributions of capital from unconsolidated entities Acquisition of Devon Street ) Other Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Issuance of Class A common stock in IPO, net of underwriting discount Issuance of Class B common stock Payment of offering costs ) Redemption of Class C and D units ) Purchase of LLC interests from Continuing Equity Owners ) Borrowings under revolving credit facility Repayments under revolving credit facility ) ) Payments on notes payable ) ) Payments on notes payable - related party ) ) 
 13 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Proceeds from sales of real estate not owned Payments related to repurchases of real estate not owned ) ) Distributions ) ) Payment of debt issuance costs ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 14 

Table of Conte n t s 

 SMITH DOUGLAS HOMES CORP. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Continued 
 (Unaudited, in thousands) 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized Cash paid for income taxes Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Seller note payable and contingent consideration related to acquisition of Devon Street 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 15 

Table of Conte n t s 

 SMITH DOUGLAS HOMES CORP. 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

shares of Class A common stock at a public offering price of per share on January 16, 2024 , which included shares of Class A common stock issued pursuant to the underwriters option to purchase additional shares of Class A common stock. The net proceeds from the IPO aggregated approximately million. Shares of Class A common stock began trading on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol "SDHC" on January 11, 2024. 
 In connection with the IPO, Smith Douglas Holdings LLC amended and restated its existing limited liability company agreement to, among other things, (i) recapitalize all existing ownership interests in Smith Douglas Holdings LLC into LLC Interests (before giving effect to the use of proceeds from the IPO, as described below), (ii) appoint Smith Douglas Homes Corp. as the sole managing member of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC upon its acquisition of LLC Interests in connection with the IPO, and (iii) provide certain redemption rights to the owners of the LLC Interests in Smith Douglas Holdings LLC, exclusive of the Company (the Continuing Equity Owners). 
 Simultaneously, Smith Douglas Homes Corp. amended and restated its certificate of incorporation to, among other things, provide (i) for Class A common stock, with each share of Class A common stock entitling its holder to vote per share on all matters presented to the stockholders generally; (ii) for Class B common stock, with each share of Class B common stock entitling its holder to votes per share on all matters presented to the stockholders generally, until the aggregate number of shares of Class B common stock then outstanding is less than of the aggregate number of shares of Class A common stock and Class B common stock then outstanding (Sunset Date), and from and after the occurrence of the Sunset Date, each share of Class B common stock will entitle its holder to vote per share on all matters presented to the stockholders generally; (iii) that shares of Class B common stock may only be held by the Continuing Equity Owners and their respective permitted transferees; and (iv) for preferred stock, which can be issued by the board of directors in one or more series without stockholder approval. As a result, Smith Douglas Homes Corp. became a holding company and the sole managing member of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC and controls the business and affairs of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC. After giving effect to the use of net proceeds as described below, Smith Douglas Homes Corp. issued shares of Class B common stock to the Continuing Equity Owners, which is equal to the number of LLC Interests held by such Continuing Equity Owners, for nominal consideration. 
 Subsequent to the IPO, Smith Douglas Homes Corp. used the net proceeds to: (i) purchase newly issued LLC Interests for approximately million directly from Smith Douglas Holdings LLC at a price per unit equal to per share (IPO price) of Class A common stock less the underwriting discount; and (ii) purchase LLC Interests from the Continuing Equity Owners on a pro rata basis for million in aggregate at a price per unit equal to the IPO price per share of Class A common stock less the underwriting discount. 
 16 

Table of Conte n t s 

 . 
 17 

Table of Conte n t s 

 million and million, respectively. Substantially all customer deposits are recognized in revenue within one year of being received from homebuyers. 
 known items which would result in a significant accrual for uncertain tax positions. 
 
 of the amount of tax benefits, if any, that Smith Douglas Homes Corp. realizes (or in some circumstances is deemed to realize) related to the tax basis adjustments described in Note 12 as such savings are realized. 
 In addition to tax expenses, the Company will also make payments under the TRA, which are expected to be significant. The Company will account for the income tax effects and corresponding TRA s effects resulting from future taxable purchases or redemptions of LLC Interests of the Continuing Equity Owners by recognizing an increase in deferred tax assets, based on enacted tax rates at the date of the purchase or redemption. Further, the Company will evaluate the likelihood that it will realize the benefit represented by the deferred tax asset and, to the extent that management estimates 
 18 

Table of Conte n t s 

Homes under construction, completed homes and model homes Total real estate inventory 
 The Company capitalizes into real estate inventory interest costs incurred on homes under construction during the construction period until substantial completion. The Company does not capitalize interest on homes where construction has been suspended. 
 Interest incurred Interest expensed ) ) ) ) Interest charged to cost of home closings ) ) ) ) Capitalized interest, end of period 
 
 19 

Table of Conte n t s 

 million related to land option agreements with an aggregate remaining purchase price of million. As of December 31, 2023 , the Company had deposits of million related to land option agreements with an aggregate remaining purchase price of million. 
 For lot option contracts where the lot seller entity is not required to be consolidated under the variable interest model, the Company considers whether such contracts should be accounted for as financing arrangements. Lot option contracts that may be considered financing arrangements include those entered into with third party land banks or developers in conjunction with such third parties acquiring a specific land parcel(s) on the Company s behalf, at the Company s direction, and those with other landowners where the Company or its designee makes improvements to the optioned land parcel(s) during the applicable option period. For these lot option contracts, the Company records the remaining purchase price of the associated land parcel(s) in inventory in its consolidated balance sheets with a corresponding financing obligation if the Company determines that it is effectively compelled to exercise the option to purchase the land parcel(s). In making this determination with respect to a land option contracts, the Company considers the non refundable deposit(s), any capitalized pre acquisition costs and additional costs associated with abandoning the contract. As a result of such evaluations of lot option contracts, no lot option contracts were determined to be financing arrangements for which the remaining purchase price should be recorded as a financing obligation in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , respectively, and approximately million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , respectively. The entities distributed approximately million and million to the Company during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , respectively, and approximately million and million to the Company during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , respectively. The Company did contribute any amounts to the entities during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and contributed approximately million to the entities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . Investments in unconsolidated entities totaled approximately million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 20 

Table of Conte n t s 

 million unsecured revolving credit facility that was entered into concurrently with the IPO (the Amended Credit Facility), which replaced the previous million unsecured revolving credit facility. The Amended Credit Facility matures in January 2027 , except that the Company may request a extension of such maturity date. The Amended Credit Facility also includes a million accordion feature, subject to additional commitments, and provides that up to million may be used for letters of credit. 
 The borrowings and letters of credit outstanding under the Amended Credit Facility may not exceed the borrowing base as defined in the Amended Credit Facility. The borrowing base primarily consists of a percentage of commercial land, land held for development, lots under development and finished lots held by the Company. 
 Borrowings under the Amended Credit Facility bear interest, at the borrower s option, at either a base rate or Secured Overnight Financing Rate (which may be a daily simple rate or based on 1-, 3- or 6-month interest periods, in each case at the borrower s option), plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin ranges from to based on the Company s leverage ratio as determined in accordance with a pricing grid defined in the Amended Credit Facility. Interest is payable in arrears on the last business day of each month or at the end of each 1-, 3- or 6-month interest period, as applicable. As of September 30, 2024 , the interest rate on outstanding borrowings under the Amended Credit Facility was . Borrowings under the previous credit facility bore interest at the Prime Rate, as defined, plus an applicable margin ranging from minus basis points to basis points based on the Company s leverage ratio as determined in accordance with a pricing grid. As of December 31, 2023 , the interest rate on outstanding borrowings was . 
 The Amended Credit Facility contains certain financial covenants, including requirements to maintain (i) a minimum tangible net worth equal to the sum of (a) million, (b) of pre tax income earned in any fiscal quarter after June 30, 2023 , (c) of the equity proceeds of Smith Douglas Homes Corp. from the IPO and (d) of any new equity proceeds of Smith Douglas Homes Corp. and its subsidiaries after the IPO, (ii) a maximum leverage ratio of , (iii) a minimum ratio of EBITDA to interest incurred of to 1.00, and (iv) a minimum liquidity requirement of million. The Amended Credit Facility also contains various covenants that, among other restrictions, limit the ability of Smith Douglas Homes LLC and the other borrowers to incur additional debt and to make certain investments and distributions. Additionally, the Amended Credit Facility contains certain covenants that restricts certain activities of Smith Douglas Homes Corp. The Amended Credit Facility also contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, failure to make payments, breach of covenants and breach of representations. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the borrowers may be required to immediately repay all amounts outstanding under the Amended Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024 , the Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the Amended Credit Facility. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , there were outstanding borrowings under the Amended Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2023 , outstanding borrowings under the previous credit facility totaled million. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , there were outstanding letters of credit. Availability as determined in accordance with the Borrowing Base, as defined, totaled approximately million as of September 30, 2024 . 
 On July 31, 2023 , the Company entered into a seller note payable of million as part of the consideration for the acquisition of Devon Street which bears interest at per annum. The seller note is payable in installments of principal and accrued interest beginning September 30, 2023 through maturity on . The seller is currently employed as the division president of the Houston division. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , the balance on the seller note payable was million and million, respectively, which is included in notes payable in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 2025 2026 
 21 

Table of Conte n t s 

Disclosed at fair value: Borrowings under Credit Facility Level 2 Seller note payable Level 2 
 The carrying value of the borrowings under the Credit Facility approximates fair value due to variable rate terms that approximate market rates. 
 The carrying value of the seller note payable approximates fair value because the interest rate on the note approximates market rates as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 . 
 The fair value of the contingent consideration related to the Devon Street acquisition as of the acquisition date was estimated using a Monte Carlo simulation to model the likelihood of achieving the agreed upon gross margin target based on available information as of the acquisition date. The valuation methodology includes assumptions and judgments regarding the gross margin discount rate, gross margin volatility, drift rate, and cost of debt, which are primarily Level 3 assumptions. The contingent consideration liability is remeasured at fair value on a quarterly basis. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , the Company remeasured the fair value of contingent consideration related to the Devon Street acquisition and adjusted the liability to million and million, respectively, based on actual results achieved, revised gross margin forecasts, and accretion of the liability. The Company recorded contingent consideration adjustments resulting in and million of expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , respectively, which is included in other (income) expense, net in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statement of income. As of September 30, 2024 , there were approximately months remaining under the contingent consideration agreement. 
 22 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Additions to reserves from new home closings Estimated fair value of warranty liability assumed in Devon Street acquisition Warranty claims ) ) ) ) Adjustments to pre existing reserves ) ) ) Balance, end of period 
 
 Variable lease costs - operating 
 Lease liabilities 
 ROU assets are included within other assets and lease liabilities are included within accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , the Company had an additional operating lease for division office space that had not yet commenced with undiscounted fixed lease payments of approximately million. The operating lease will commence in 2024 with a lease term of approximately years. 
 
 million and million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , there were outstanding letters of credit. 
 23 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Common stock: Class A Yes Class B (1) 
 No 
 (1) Each share of Class B common stock entitles its holders to votes per share on all matters presented to the stockholders and on which the holders of the Class B common stock are entitled to vote; provided, that each share of Class B common stock will only be entitled to vote per share on all matters presented to the stockholders generally upon the Sunset Date. 
 RSUs Total 
 The Company s board of directors is authorized to direct the Company to issue shares of preferred stock in one or more series and the discretion to determine the number and designation of such series and the powers, rights, preferences, privileges and restrictions, including voting rights, dividend rights, conversion rights, redemption privileges and liquidation preferences, of each series of preferred stock. Through September 30, 2024 , series of preferred stock have been issued. 
 Holders of shares of Class A common stock are entitled to receive dividends when and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor, subject to any statutory or contractual restrictions on the payment of dividends and to any restrictions on the payment of dividends imposed by the terms of any outstanding preferred stock. Upon dissolution or liquidation, after payment in full of all amounts required to be paid to creditors and to the holders of preferred stock having liquidation preferences, if any, the holders of shares of Class A common stock will be entitled to receive pro rata the remaining assets available for distribution. Holders of shares of Class A common stock do not have preemptive, subscription, redemption, or conversion rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Class A common stock. 
 Except in certain limited circumstances, holders of Class B common stock do not have any right to receive dividends or to receive a distribution upon dissolution or liquidation. Additionally, holders of shares of Class B common stock do not have preemptive, subscription or redemption rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Class B common stock. Any amendment of the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation that gives holders of Class B common stock (1) any rights to receive dividends or any other kind of distribution, (2) any right to convert into or be exchanged for shares of Class A common stock, or (3) any other economic rights (except for payments in cash in lieu of receipt of fractional stock) will require, in addition to any stockholder approval required by applicable law, the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock voting separately as a class. The Company must, at all times, maintain (i) a -to-one ratio between the number of shares of Class A common stock issued by Smith Douglas Homes Corp. and the number of LLC Interests owned by Smith Douglas Homes Corp., and (ii) maintain a -to-one ratio between the number of shares of Class B common stock owned by the Continuing Equity Owners and the number of LLC Interests owned by them. 
 Shares of Class B common stock will be issued in the future only to the extent necessary to maintain a -to-one ratio between the number of LLC Interests held by the Continuing Equity Owners and the number of shares of Class B common stock issued to the Continuing Equity Owners. Shares of Class B common stock are transferable only together with an equal number of LLC Interests. Only permitted transferees of LLC Interests held by the Continuing Equity Owners will be permitted transferees of Class B common stock. Shares of Class B common stock automatically transferred to Smith 
 24 

Table of Conte n t s 

 economic interest in Smith Douglas Holdings LLC through its ownership of LLC Interests but consolidates Smith Douglas Holdings LLC as sole managing member. The remaining LLC Interests representing an interest are held by the Continuing Equity Owners and presented in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements as non-controlling interests. 
 The LLC Interests held by Continuing Equity Owners include a redemption right which may be settled by the Company, at the Company s election, through the (1) issuance of a new share of Class A Common Stock for each LLC Interest redeemed or (2) settled by cash proceeds received from a qualifying offering of Class A Common Stock. The LLC Interests are not classified as temporary equity as the cash settlement is limited to the proceeds from a new offering of Class A Common Stock which is equity-classified. 
 Distributions to Members Related to Their Income Tax Liabilities 
 As a limited liability company treated as a partnership for income tax purposes, Smith Douglas Holdings LLC does not incur significant federal, state or local income taxes, as these taxes are primarily the obligations of its members. Under the LLC Agreement, Smith Douglas Holdings LLC is required to distribute cash, to the extent that Smith Douglas Holdings LLC has cash available, on a pro rata basis to its members to the extent necessary to cover the members tax liabilities, if any, with respect to each member s share of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC taxable earnings. Smith Douglas Holdings LLC makes such tax distributions to its members quarterly, based on an estimated tax rate and projected year-to-date taxable income, with a final accounting once actual taxable income or loss has been determined. Smith Douglas Holdings LLC made tax distributions to the Continuing Equity Owners totaling approximately million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , respectively. 
 Redemption of Class C Class D Units 
 On January 16, 2024 , after the IPO, Smith Douglas Holdings LLC redeemed all of its Class C and Class D Units at an aggregate redemption price of million. 
 
 shares of Class A common stock were initially reserved for issuance, which shares may be granted pursuant to a variety of equity-based compensation awards, including stock options, stock appreciation rights, RSUs, and other equity-based awards. The number of shares initially reserved for issuance pursuant to awards under the 2024 Plan includes an annual increase on the first day of each calendar year beginning on January 1, 2025 and ending on January 1, 2034, equal to (a) a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to of the aggregate number of shares of Class A and Class B common stock outstanding on the last day of the immediately preceding calendar year or (b) such smaller number of shares of Class A common stock as determined by the board of directors. No more than shares of Class A common stock may be issued upon the exercise of incentive stock options. As of September 30, 2024 , shares of Class A common stock are available for future grant under the 2024 Plan. 
 In January 2024 , the Company granted an aggregate of RSUs to certain of the Company s executives, directors, and employees under the 2024 Plan with an aggregate grant date fair value of million. The awards vest in full upon the anniversary of the closing date of the IPO, subject to the employee s continued employment or the director s continued service, with the exception of executive s award that will vest in equal installments on each of the first six anniversaries of the closing date of the IPO, subject to the employee s continued employment through the applicable vesting date. Additionally, vesting is subject to certain change in control and qualifying termination provisions as provided in the award agreements. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company granted an aggregate of RSUs to certain of the Company's executives and directors under the 2024 Plan with an aggregate grant date fair value of million. The 
 25 

Table of Conte n t s 

 , subject to certain change in control and qualifying termination provisions as provided in the award agreements. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company recognized forfeitures of RSUs. As of September 30, 2024 , RSUs are outstanding and remain unvested with a weighted-average grant date fair value of . Total compensation expense for RSUs was approximately million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , respectively, and is included in selling, general and administrative costs in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 The unamortized compensation cost related to RSUs of approximately million as of September 30, 2024 is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. 
 
 . The difference between the estimated annual effective income tax rate and the U.S. federal statutory rate is primarily due to: (1) income attributable to non-controlling interests which is not taxable to Smith Douglas Homes Corp., (2) Smith Douglas Holdings LLC s election to be taxed at the entity level, and (3) state income taxes. 
 The Company s income tax provision was million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and million for the period from January 11, 2024 to September 30, 2024 . As the IPO occurred during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 , and the Company had business transactions or activities prior to the IPO, amounts related to the provision for income taxes were incurred for the period from January 1, 2024 to January 10, 2024. 
 The Company recorded a deferred tax asset of million resulting from the step-up in basis allowed under Section 743(b) and 197 of the Internal Revenue Code related to the purchase of LLC Interests from the Continuing Equity Owners discussed in Note 1, Description of business and summary of significant accounting policies, which is expected to be amortized over the useful lives of the underlying assets. The Company also recorded a deferred tax asset of million resulting from the outside basis difference related to its investment in Smith Douglas Holdings LLC by applying the look-through method to record the Company's proportionate share of inside basis differences within Smith Douglas Holdings LLC. The Company recognizes deferred tax assets to the extent it believes these assets are more likely than not to be realized. In making such a determination, the Company considers all available positive and negative evidence, including future reversals of existing taxable temporary differences, projected future taxable income, tax planning strategies and recent results of operations. After considering all those factors, management has recorded a valuation allowance of million for certain deferred tax assets the Company has determined are not more likely than not to be realized. The initial deferred tax asset of million for the investment in Smith Douglas Holdings LLC and the related valuation allowance of million were recorded against additional paid-in capital and included within increase in deferred tax asset from IPO and related transactions in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of stockholders /members equity. 
 As each of the Continuing Equity Owners elects to convert their LLC Interests into Class A common stock, Smith Douglas Homes Corp. will succeed to their aggregate historical tax basis which will create a net tax benefit to the Company. These tax benefits are expected to be amortized over years pursuant to Sections 743(b) and 197 of the Code. The Company will only recognize a deferred tax asset for financial reporting purposes when it is more likely than not that the tax benefit will be realized. 
 In connection with the IPO and related transactions, the Company entered into a TRA with Smith Douglas Holdings LLC and the Continuing Equity Owners that will provide for the payment by Smith Douglas Homes Corp. to the Continuing Equity Owners of of the amount of tax benefits, if any, that Smith Douglas Homes Corp. realizes (or in some circumstances is deemed to realize) related to the tax basis adjustments as such savings are realized. 
 26 

Table of Conte n t s 

 LLC Interests from the Continuing Equity Owners triggered a tax basis increase subject to the provisions of the TRA. The Company recognized (i) a deferred tax asset in the amount of million, (ii) a corresponding estimated liability of million to the Continuing Equity Owners representing of the projected tax benefits, and (iii) million of additional paid-in capital. 

Variable lease costs operating (related party) 
 Payments under the office lease agreement, along with costs associated with the office space, totaled approximately million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , respectively, and approximately million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , respectively. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , the Company incurred fees of and million, respectively, in the aggregate from certain entities affiliated by common ownership for use of facilities related to business development and vendor relations, which is included in selling, general and administrative costs in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , the Company incurred fees of and million for the use of these facilities. The Company paid fees for use of these facilities of million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively . fees were paid for use of these facilities during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 . 
 While the Company typically enters into lot option agreements whereby a deposit is provided to the seller, the Company has in the past, in lieu of providing a deposit, invested a minority interest in certain of the land banking entities with which it contracts. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , the Company purchased and lots totaling approximately million and million, respectively, under lot option agreements with unconsolidated land bank entities in which the Company had a non controlling ownership interest. There was such activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . The Company has identified these entities as VIEs; however, the Company has not been identified as the primary beneficiary of the VIEs and the entities are not consolidated in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements (see Note 3 for information related to VIEs). 
 The Company has entered into lot option transactions with a former member of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC s Board of Managers. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , the Company sold and finished lots at cost for approximately and million, respectively, to the then member of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC s Board of Managers. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , the Company purchased and lots totaling million and million, respectively, related to these lot option agreements. The member was no longer on Smith Douglas Holdings LLC s Board of Managers as of July 2023. 
 The Company has entered into an agreement to purchase finished lots for approximately million from an entity affiliated with the Company through common ownership. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has paid a deposit totaling related to the agreement. 
 The Company charters aircraft services from companies that are controlled by a related entity of the Company s managing member. Expenses incurred and paid to these companies under a dry lease agreement for the use of the aircraft for business travel totaled approximately and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , respectively, and approximately and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , respectively, which are included in selling, general and administrative costs in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 Historically, since August 2016, one of the former members of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC s Board of Managers was party to a consulting agreement with Smith Douglas Holdings LLC pursuant to which he provided services to Smith 
 27 

Table of Conte n t s 

 million plus (ii) eligibility to earn an annual bonus, subject to the terms and conditions therein. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , the then member of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC s Board of Managers earned fees under the consulting agreement of approximately million and million, respectively, which are included in selling, general and administrative costs in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of income. The member was no longer on Smith Douglas Holdings LLC s Board of Managers as of September 2023. 
 The Company had uncollateralized notes payable bearing interest at and , respectively, and other payables to certain related parties for the purchase of airplanes totaling approximately million as of December 31, 2023 , which are included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. The notes payable were repaid during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 . 
 The Company has related party receivables totaling approximately million as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 for various expenses paid by the Company on behalf of the related party, which are included in other assets in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 As of December 31, 2023 , the Company had a balance due to related parties of for various expenses paid by the related parties on behalf of the Company, which is included in accrued expenses and other liabilities in the accompanying 2023 unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet. There was such balance outstanding as of September 30, 2024 . 
 
 principal homebuilding business that is organized, managed and reported by geographic division. Management of the geographic divisions report to the Company s chief operating decision maker (CODM), which consists of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The CODM reviews the results of operations, including, among other things, total revenue and net income to assess profitability and allocate resources. Accordingly, the Company has presented its operations for the following reportable segments: Alabama, Atlanta, Charlotte, Houston, Nashville, and Raleigh. The remaining operating segments, Greenville and Central Georgia, have no material operations as of September 30, 2024 and are combined into the Other category, along with the corporate component, which is not considered an operating segment. Each reportable segment follows the accounting policies described in Note 1. 
 Atlanta Charlotte Houston Nashville Raleigh Other Total 
 28 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Atlanta Charlotte Houston Nashville Raleigh Segment total Other (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Total 
 (1) Other primarily includes homebuilding operations in non-reportable segments, corporate overhead costs, such as payroll and benefits, business insurance, information technology, office costs, outside professional services and travel costs, and certain other amounts that are not allocated to the reportable segments. 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets: Alabama Atlanta Charlotte Houston (1) 
 Nashville Raleigh Segment total Other (2) 
 Total 
 (1) Balance includes goodwill of approximately million resulting from the acquisition of Devon Street Homes, L.P. 
 (2) Other primarily includes homebuilding operations in non-reportable segments, cash and cash equivalents, property and equipment, and other assets that are not allocated to the segments. 
 
 29 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Add: Net income impact from assumed redemption of all LLC Interests to common stock Less: Income tax expense on net income attributable to NCI ) ) Net income attributable to Smith Douglas Homes Corp., after adjustment for assumed redemption, Diluted Denominator: Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding, Basic Dilutive effects of: LLC Interests that are exchangeable for common stock Unvested RSUs Weighted average shares of common stock outstanding, Diluted Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 Net income attributable to the non-controlling interests added back to net income in the fully dilutive computation has been adjusted for income taxes which would have been expensed had the income been recognized by Smith Douglas Homes Corp., a taxable entity. The weighted average common shares outstanding in the diluted computation per share assumes all outstanding LLC Interests are redeemed and the Company elects to issue Class A shares of common stock upon redemption rather than cash-settle. 
 The dilutive impact of LLC Interests assumed to be redeemed in exchange for the issuance of Class A common stock was included in the computation of diluted earnings per share under the if-converted method. The dilutive impact of unvested RSUs was included using the treasury stock method. 
 30 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information that we believe is relevant to an assessment and understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. You should read this analysis in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition to historical financial information, this discussion and analysis contains statements of a forward-looking nature relating to future events or our future financial performance, based upon our current plans, expectations and beliefs involving risks and uncertainties. These statements are only predictions, and actual events or results may differ materially. In evaluating such statements, you should carefully consider the various factors identified in the Annual Report, as updated by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, any forward-looking statements, including those set forth in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report. 
 
 Company Overview 
 Prior to our IPO, we were one of the nation s fastest growing private homebuilders by number of closings and are engaged in the design, construction, and sale of single-family homes in some of the highest growth and most desirable markets in the Southeastern and Southern United States. We employ an efficient land-light, production focused, and conservatively leveraged business model, which we believe results in a compelling combination of strong home closing gross margins, construction cycle times, and returns. Our communities are primarily targeted to entry-level and empty-nest homebuyers. We offer our homebuyers an attractive value proposition by providing a personalized home buying experience at affordable price points. With the goal of becoming one of the most dominant homebuilders in the Southeastern and Southern United States, we intend to grow operations within our existing footprint and to expand into new markets where we can most effectively implement our business strategy and maximize our profit and returns. 
 Despite continued uncertainty in the mortgage interest rate environment, we achieved strong results with 812 homes closed for a total of 277.8 million in home closing revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, which reflect increases of 39 in the number of homes closed and 41 in home closing revenue o ver the same period of the prior year. Our net new home orders and contract value of net new home orders increase d by 6 . 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of the prior year, the number of homes closed increased 24 , and home closing revenue increased 26 . Our net new home orders increased 13 and contract value of net new home orders increased by 15 . 
 We construct most of our homes on a pre-sold basis, where our homebuyers choose their homes based on a select number of value-engineered floor plans and are offered flexibility on the selection of home options. Our SMART Builder enterprise resource planning system and efficient construction process, which we call Rteam, allows us to provide this optionality for homebuyers based on just-in-time modifications. As a result of our differentiated value proposition and efficient construction cycle times, we believe we typically achieve a high level of homebuyer satisfaction and experience low cancellation rates, which remained steady at 11 for both the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 At the core of our land-light operating strategy lies the principle and discipline of primarily acquiring finished lots from a diverse pool of third-party land developers or land bankers through the effective utilization of lot-option contracts. Our lot acquisition strategy reduces our upfront capital requirements and generally seeks to provide for just-in-time lot delivery, better aligning our pace of home orders and home starts. While using land bankers and third-party developers comes at an additional cost, we believe our lot acquisition strategy reduces our operational and financial risk relative to other homebuilders that own a higher percentage of their land supply. As of September 30, 2024, we had 611 owned unstarted lots in real estate inventory on our balance sheet which represented only 3.4 of our total controlled lot supply. 
 We believe the geographic markets in which we operate demonstrate strong population and employment growth trends, favorable migration patterns, and desirable lifestyle and weather conditions. Our operations are currently organized into eight geographical segments, of which six are reportable segments, including Alabama (which consists of both Birmingham and Huntsville), Atlanta, Charlotte, Houston, Nashville, and Raleigh. We expanded into two additional operating segments during 2024, Greenville and Central Georgia, which are included in the "Other" category for segment reporting. We believe there is significant opportunity to expand our presence in each of our respective markets. 
 31 

Table of Conte n t s 

 We believe our dedication to entry-level and empty-nest homebuyers with a focus on price points that fall below FHA guidelines, our efficient construction process, and our affordable luxury sales experience caters to the desires of today s aspiring homeowners and is resilient across economic cycles. While we expect the current housing undersupply and favorable demographic trends to provide a strong, long-term runway for future new home buying demand, there are several factors beyond our control that could have a significant impact on our business including, but not limited to, rising inflation, future increases in interest rates, availability and cost of land, labor and construction, availability of mortgage and land bank financing, macroeconomic trends and other factors described elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 IPO 
 We completed our IPO on January 16, 2024 , through which we offered 8,846,154 shares of our Class A common stock at a price to the public of 21.00 per share, which includes the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase an additional 1,153,846 shares of our Class A common stock. The gross proceeds to us from the IPO were 185.8 million , before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions, and the net proceeds to us from the IPO were approximately 172.8 million , after deducting the underwriting discount of approximately 13.0 million . 
 The Transactions 
 The results of operations discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include those of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC prior to the completion of the Transactions, including the IPO. As a result, the historical consolidated financial data may not give you an accurate indication of what our actual results would have been if the transactions described in Basis of Presentation The Transactions had been completed at the beginning of the periods presented or of what our future results of operations are likely to be. See Basis of Presentation The Transactions. 
 
 Segments 
 Our operations are currently organized into eight geographical segments, of which six are reportable segments. Our reportable segments include Alabama (which consists of both Birmingham and Huntsville), Atlanta, Charlotte, Houston, Nashville, and Raleigh. We expanded into two additional operating segments during 2024, Greenville and Central Georgia, which are included in the "Other" category for segment reporting. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 We believe our future performance will depend on many factors, including those described in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report, to which there have been no material changes. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 There have been no material changes to the components of our results of operations described in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report. 
 
 Other Factors Impacting Results of Operations 
 There have been no material changes to the other factors impacting our results of operations described in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report. 
 
 Results of Operations Data 
 The results of operations data in the following tables for the periods presented have been derived from the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 32 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Comparison of three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table sets forth our statements of income and other operating data for the periods presented (amounts in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Consolidated Statements of Income Data: Home closing revenue 277,835 197,638 687,977 547,304 Cost of home closings 204,140 140,548 505,764 388,983 Home closing gross profit 73,695 57,090 182,213 158,321 Selling, general, and administrative costs 34,137 22,952 93,487 64,674 Equity in income from unconsolidated entities (396) (222) (800) (658) Interest expense 614 476 1,903 1,022 Other (income) expense, net (245) (49) 765 (217) Income before income taxes 39,585 33,933 86,858 93,500 Provision for income taxes 1,761 3,814 Net income 37,824 33,933 83,044 93,500 Net income attributable to non-controlling interests and LLC members prior to IPO 32,477 71,079 Net income attributable to Smith Douglas Homes Corp. 5,347 11,965 Earnings per share (1) : 
 Basic 0.60 1.35 Diluted 0.58 1.30 Other operating data: Home closings 812 583 2,031 1,643 ASP of homes closed 342 339 339 333 Net new home orders 600 568 2,080 1,844 Contract value of net new home orders 205,164 193,435 708,446 614,683 ASP of net new home orders 342 341 341 333 Cancellation rate (2) 
 11.4 11.0 11.3 9.5 Backlog homes (period end) (3) 
 961 1,042 961 1,042 Contract value of backlog homes (period end) 332,035 350,439 332,035 350,439 ASP of backlog homes (period end) 346 336 346 336 Active communities (period end) (4) 
 74 62 74 62 Controlled lots (period end): Homes under construction 1,135 905 1,135 905 Owned lots 611 395 611 395 Optioned lots 16,132 10,279 16,132 10,279 Total controlled lots 17,878 11,579 17,878 11,579 
 (1) Earnings per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is calculated for the period from January 11, 2024, the date of the IPO, to September 30, 2024. 
 (2) The cancellation rate is the total number of cancellations during the period divided by the total gross new home orders during the period. 
 33 

Table of Conte n t s 

 (3) Backlog homes (period end) is the number of homes in backlog from the previous period plus the number of net new home orders generated during the current period minus the number of homes closed during the current period. 
 (4) A community becomes active once the model is completed or the community has its first sale. A community becomes inactive when it has fewer than two homes remaining to sell. 
 Home closing revenue 
 Home closing revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 277.8 million , an increase of 80.2 million , or 41 , from 197.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in revenue was primarily attributable to increase s of 39 in the number of homes closed and 1 in the ASP of homes closed. The growth in the number of homes closed as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 reflected increases of 13 , 51 , 86 , 213 , and 11 in our Alabama, Atlanta, Charlotte, Houston, and Raleigh homebuilding reporting segments, respectively, partially offset by a decrease of 26 in our Nashville segment. 
 Home closing revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 688.0 million , an increase of 140.7 million , or 26 , from 547.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in revenue was primarily attributable to increases of 24 in the number of homes closed and 2 in the ASP of homes closed for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. 
 The following table sets forth our home closing revenue, number of home closings, and ASP of homes closed for the periods presented, in each of our reportable segments (dollar amounts in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Period over period change Home closing revenue Home closings ASP of homes closed Home closing revenue Home closings ASP of homes closed Home closing revenue Home closings ASP of homes closed Alabama 37,780 129 293 33,048 114 290 14 13 1 Atlanta 121,334 350 347 80,494 232 347 51 51 Charlotte 32,070 82 391 15,155 44 344 112 86 14 Houston 30,830 97 318 10,260 31 331 200 213 (4) Nashville 20,097 52 386 25,694 70 367 (22) (26) 5 Raleigh 35,724 102 350 32,987 92 359 8 11 (3) Other Total 277,835 812 342 197,638 583 339 41 39 1 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Period over period change Home closing revenue Home closings ASP of homes closed Home closing revenue Home closings ASP of homes closed Home closing revenue Home closings ASP of homes closed Alabama 121,020 406 298 75,915 261 291 59 56 2 Atlanta 264,174 764 346 250,772 769 326 5 (1) 6 Charlotte 60,886 159 383 42,026 117 359 45 36 7 Houston 86,108 266 324 10,260 31 331 739 758 (2) Nashville 63,834 173 369 77,602 214 363 (18) (19) 2 Raleigh 91,955 263 350 90,729 251 361 1 5 (3) Other Total 687,977 2,031 339 547,304 1,643 333 26 24 2 
 Cost of home closings 
 Cost of home closings for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 204.1 million , an increase of 63.6 million , or 45 , from 140.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was primarily driven by a 
 34 

Table of Conte n t s 

 39 increase in home closings and an 4 increase in the average cost of home closings. Cost of home closings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 505.8 million , an increase of 116.8 million , or 30 , from 389.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was primarily driven by a 24 increase in home closings and a 5 increase in the average cost of home closings. 
 Home closing gross profit 
 Home closing gross profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 73.7 million , an increase of 16.6 million , or 29 , from 57.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Home closing gross margin, expressed as a percentage and calculated as home closing gross profit divided by home closing revenue, was 26.5 in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 28.9 in the same period in 2023. Home closing gross profit for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 182.2 million , an increase of 23.9 million , or 15 , from 158.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Home closing gross margin was 26.5 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 28.9 in the same period in 2023. 
 The decrease in home closing gross margin for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by increases of 4 and 5 in the average cost of home closings, respectively, partially offset by increases of 1 and 2 in the ASP of homes closed, respectively. 
 Selling, general, and administrative costs 
 Selling, general, and administrative costs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were 34.1 million , an increase of 11.2 million , or 49 , from 23.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Selling, general, and administrative costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were 93.5 million , an increase of 28.8 million , or 45 , from 64.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The increase for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of the prior year was primarily due to an increase in sales commissions and advertising costs associated with our increase in homes closed and related home closing revenue, increased payroll and performance-based bonus compensation expenses on higher employee headcount, stock compensation expense, and additional overhead related to our Devon Street Homes Acquisition. 
 Equity in income from unconsolidated entities 
 Equity in income from unconsolidated entities consists of our portion of income from our interest in the title company in which we hold a 49 interest and which operates in certain of our markets to provide title insurance to our homebuyers. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, equity in income from unconsolidated entities increase d slightly from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to slightly higher title insurance revenue generated by the joint venture. 
 Interest expense 
 Interest expense is comprised of interest incurred, but not capitalized on our Prior Credit Facility, Amended Credit Facility, other borrowings, and amortization of debt issuance costs. Our interest expense increase d 0.1 million to 0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our interest expense increase d 0.9 million to 1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The increase in interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by an increase in unused fees incurred on our Prior Credit Facility and Amended Credit Facility, amortization of deferred financing costs on our Amended Credit Facility, and interest on the note payable related to the Devon Street Homes Acquisition. 
 Other (income) expense, net 
 Other (income) expense, net primarily consists of interest income, credit card rebates, insurance settlements, changes in fair value of contingent consideration related to the Devon Street Homes Acquisition, and other miscellaneous income and expenses. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, other income, net increase d by 0.2 million from 
 35 

Table of Conte n t s 

 49,000 to 0.2 million, which was primarily driven by an increase in interest income on our cash and cash equivalents . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, other income, net decrease d by 1.0 million , respectively, from other income, net of 0.2 million to other expense, net of 0.8 million, which was primarily driven by the change in fair value of the contingent consideration liability related to the Devon Street Homes Acquisition during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Provision for income taxes 
 After consummation of the IPO, Smith Douglas Homes Corp. became subject to U.S. federal, state, and local income taxes with respect to its allocable share of taxable income of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC assessed at the prevailing corporate tax rates. Smith Douglas Holdings LLC operates as a limited liability company and is treated as a partnership for income tax purposes. Accordingly, it incurs no significant liability for federal or state income taxes, since the taxable income or loss is passed through to its members. 
 Net income 
 The following table sets forth net income by reportable segment for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Period over 
 period change 
 2024 2023 Period over 
 period change 
 Alabama 4,188 3,882 306 14,351 7,558 6,793 Atlanta 28,929 21,282 7,647 61,512 64,210 (2,698) Charlotte 5,120 2,303 2,817 9,124 6,616 2,508 Houston 4,305 869 3,436 11,117 869 10,248 Nashville 2,707 4,787 (2,080) 7,809 12,519 (4,710) Raleigh 5,770 6,795 (1,025) 15,787 19,641 (3,854) Segment total 51,019 39,918 11,101 119,700 111,413 8,287 Other (1) 
 (13,195) (5,985) (7,210) (36,656) (17,913) (18,743) Total 37,824 33,933 3,891 83,044 93,500 (10,456) 
 (1) Other primarily includes homebuilding operations in non-reportable segments, corporate overhead costs, such as payroll and benefits, business insurance, information technology, office costs, outside professional services and travel costs, and certain other amounts that are not allocated to the reportable segments. 
 Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increase d by 3.9 million , or 11 from the same period of the prior year . The increase was primarily due to an increase of 16.6 million in home closing gross profit , partially offset by an increase of 11.2 million in selling, general and administrative costs due to higher commissions and advertising costs and 1.8 million of income tax expense incurred for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of our IPO and Reorganization Transactions. 
 Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decrease d by 10.5 million , or 11 from the same period of the prior year . The decrease was primarily due to an increase of 28.8 million in selling, general and administrative costs due to higher commissions and advertising costs and 3.8 million of income tax expense incurred for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of our IPO and Reorganization Transactions, partially offset by an increase in home closing gross profit of 23.9 million . 
 Alabama: The 0.3 million and 6.8 million increase s in net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in the prior year were primarily due to an increase in home closing revenue and gross profit due to increases in homes closed of 13 and 56 , respectively, and increases in ASP of homes closed of 1 and 2 , respectively, partially offset by increases in selling, general, and administrative costs. 
 Atlanta: The 7.6 million increase in net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year was primarily due to a 51 increase in homes closed partially offset by a 5 increase in the average cost of homes closed and additional selling, general and administrative costs associated with increased home 
 36 

Table of Conte n t s 

 closing revenue. The 2.7 million decrease in net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in the prior year was primarily due to a slight decrease in home closings of 1 , partially offset by an increase in ASP of homes closed of 6 . 
 Charlotte: Net income in Charlotte increased 2.8 million and 2.5 million, respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of the prior year due to slight increases in home closing gross profit of 86 and 33 , respectively, offset by increases in selling, general, and administrative costs of 43 and 26 , respectively. 
 Houston : Net income in Houston increased 3.4 million and 10.2 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of the prior year, which is primarily due to the prior year only reflecting results of operations for a partial year beginning with the Devon Street Homes Acquisition which occurred on July 31, 2023. 
 Nashville: The 2.1 million and 4.7 million decrease s in net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in the prior year were primarily due to decreases in the number of homes closed of 26 and 19 , respectively, and increases in the average cost of homes closed of 12 and 6 , respectively. 
 Raleigh: The 1.0 million and 3.9 million decreases in net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in the prior year were primarily due to decreases in home closing gross profit of 5 and 10 , respectively, and increases in selling, general, and administrative costs of 20 and 17 , respectively. 
 Backlog homes 
 The following table sets forth our backlog homes and contract value and ASP of backlog homes by reportable segment for the periods presented, along with their period-to-period change (dollar amounts in thousands): 
 As of September 30, 2024 2023 Period over period change Backlog homes Contract value of backlog homes ASP of backlog homes Backlog homes Contract value of backlog homes ASP of backlog homes Backlog homes Contract value of backlog homes ASP of backlog homes Alabama 173 50,321 291 257 78,431 305 (33) (36) (5) Atlanta 363 126,406 348 359 119,157 332 1 6 5 Charlotte 104 42,454 408 68 26,448 389 53 61 5 Houston 168 55,392 330 101 34,266 339 66 62 (3) Nashville 36 14,983 416 107 38,881 363 (66) (61) 15 Raleigh 117 42,479 363 150 53,256 355 (22) (20) 2 Other Total 961 332,035 346 1,042 350,439 336 (8) (5) 3 
 37 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Controlled lots 
 The following table sets forth our total controlled lots, which includes both our owned and optioned lots, by reportable segment as of the periods set forth below: 
 As of September 30, 2024 2023 Period over period change Owned (1) 
 Optioned Total Controlled Owned (1) 
 Optioned Total Controlled Owned (1) 
 Optioned Total Controlled Alabama 390 1,388 1,778 329 1,578 1,907 19 (12) (7) Atlanta 567 7,950 8,517 318 4,612 4,930 78 72 73 Charlotte 141 2,339 2,480 67 1,101 1,168 110 112 112 Houston 364 1,713 2,077 242 1,157 1,399 50 48 48 Nashville 84 913 997 166 816 982 (49) 12 2 Raleigh 200 1,491 1,691 178 1,015 1,193 12 47 42 Other 338 338 100 100 100 Total 1,746 16,132 17,878 1,300 10,279 11,579 34 57 54 
 (1) Includes homes under construction and owned lots. 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to our results determined in accordance with GAAP, we have provided information in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relating to adjusted home closing gross profit, adjusted home closing gross margin, adjusted net income, EBITDA , EBITDA margin , adjusted EBITDA , adjusted EBITDA margin , and net debt-to-net book capitalization. We believe these non-GAAP financial measures are useful in evaluating our operating performance. 
 We report our financial results in accordance with GAAP. However, management believes that certain non-GAAP financial measures provide users of our financial information with additional useful information in evaluating our performance and to more readily compare these financial measures between past and future periods. There are limitations to the use of the non-GAAP financial measures presented in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. For example, our non-GAAP financial measures may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. Other companies, including companies in our industry, may calculate non-GAAP financial measures differently than we do, limiting the usefulness of those measures for comparative purposes. 
 Adjusted home closing gross profit and adjusted home closing gross margin 
 Adjusted home closing gross profit and adjusted home closing gross margin are non-GAAP financial measures used by management as supplemental measures in evaluating operating performance. We define adjusted home closing gross profit as home closing revenue less cost of home closings, excluding capitalized interest charged to cost of home closings, impairment charges and adjustments resulting from the application of purchase accounting included in cost of sales, if applicable. We define adjusted home closing gross margin as adjusted home closing gross profit as a percentage of home closing revenue. Management believes this information is meaningful because it isolates the impact that capitalized interest has on home closing gross margin. However, because adjusted home closing gross profit and adjusted home closing gross margin information excludes capitalized interest, which has real economic effects and could impact our results of operations, the utility of adjusted home closing gross profit and adjusted home closing gross margin information as a measure of our operating performance may be limited. In addition, other companies may not calculate adjusted home closing gross profit and adjusted home closing margin information in the same manner we do. Accordingly, adjusted home closing gross profit and adjusted home closing gross margin information should be considered only as a supplement to home closing gross profit and home closing gross margin information as a measure of our performance. 
 38 

Table of Conte n t s 

 The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted home closing gross profit and adjusted home closing gross margin to the GAAP financial measure of home closing gross profit and home closing gross margin for each of the periods indicated (amounts in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Home closing revenue 277,835 197,638 687,977 547,304 Cost of home closings 204,140 140,548 505,764 388,983 Home closing gross profit (1) 
 73,695 57,090 182,213 158,321 Capitalized interest charged to cost of home closings 351 547 1,405 1,502 Purchase accounting adjustments included in cost of home closings (410) (670) Adj. home closing gross profit 73,636 57,637 182,948 159,823 Home closing gross margin (2) 
 26.5 28.9 26.5 28.9 Adj. home closing gross margin (2) 
 26.5 29.2 26.6 29.2 
 (1) Home closing gross profit is home closing revenue less cost of home closings. 
 (2) Calculated as a percentage of home closing revenue. 
 Our adjusted home closing gross profit increase d while adjusted home closing gross margin decrease d from both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the same periods in 2024 . The increase in adjusted home closing gross profit primarily results from increase s in home closings of 39 and 24 , respectively. The decrease in adjusted home closing gross margin is driven by increase s in the average cost of home closings of 4 and 5 , respectively, partially offset by increase s in the ASP of homes closed of 1 and 2 , respectively. 
 Adjusted net income 
 Adjusted net income is not a measure of net income or net income margin as determined by GAAP. Adjusted net income is a supplemental non-GAAP financial measure used by management and external users of our consolidated financial statements, such as industry analysts, investors, lenders, and rating agencies. We define adjusted net income as net income adjusted for the tax impact using a 24.5 federal and state blended tax rate (assuming 100 public ownership to adjust for the impact of taxes on earnings attributable to Smith Douglas Holdings LLC as if Smith Douglas Holdings LLC was a subchapter C corporation in the periods presented). 
 Management believes adjusted net income is useful because it allows management to more effectively evaluate our operating performance and comparability to industry peers who record income tax expense on their income before tax as opposed to the income of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC not being taxed at the entity level and, therefore, not reflecting a charge against earnings for income tax expense. Adjusted net income should not be considered as an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income or any other measure as determined in accordance with GAAP. Our computation of adjusted net income may not be comparable to adjusted net income of other companies. We present adjusted net income because we believe it provides useful information regarding our comparability to peers. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of adjusted net income to the GAAP financial measure of net income for each of the periods indicated (in thousands): 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 37,824 33,933 83,044 93,500 Provision for income taxes 1,761 3,814 Income before income taxes 39,585 33,933 86,858 93,500 Tax-effected adjustments (1) 
 9,710 8,324 21,306 22,936 Adjusted net income 29,875 25,609 65,552 70,564 
 39 

Table of Conte n t s 

 (1) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our tax expenses assumes a 24.5 federal and state blended tax rate (assuming 100 public ownership to adjust for the impact of taxes on earnings attributable to Smith Douglas Holdings LLC as if Smith Douglas Holdings LLC was a subchapter C corporation in the periods presented). 
 EBITDA, EBITDA margin, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA margin 
 EBITDA, EBITDA margin, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA margin are not measures of net income or net income margin as determined by GAAP. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are supplemental non-GAAP financial measures used by management and external users of our consolidated financial statements, such as industry analysts, investors, lenders, and rating agencies. We define EBITDA as net income before (i) interest income, (ii) capitalized interest charged to cost of home closings, (iii) interest expense, (iv) income tax expense, and (v) depreciation. We define EBITDA margin as EBITDA as a percentage of home closing revenue. We define adjusted EBITDA as net income before (i) interest income, (ii) capitalized interest charged to cost of home closings, (iii) interest expense, (iv) income tax expense, (v) depreciation, (vi) adjustments resulting from the application of purchase accounting included in cost of sales, and (vii) adjustments resulting from the application of purchase accounting included in other (income) expense, net. We define adjusted EBITDA margin as adjusted EBITDA as a percentage of home closing revenue. 
 Management believes EBITDA, EBITDA margin, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA margin are useful because they allow management to more effectively evaluate our operating performance and compare our results of operations from period to period without regard to our financing methods or capital structure, or other items that impact comparability of financial results from period to period. EBITDA, EBITDA margin, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA margin should not be considered as alternatives to, or more meaningful than, net income, net income margin, or any other measure as determined in accordance with GAAP. Our computation of EBITDA, EBITDA margin, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA margin may not be comparable to EBITDA, EBITDA margin, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA margin of other companies. We present EBITDA, EBITDA margin, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA margin because we believe they provide useful information regarding the factors and trends affecting our business. 
 The following table presents a reconciliation of EBITDA, EBITDA margin, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA margin to the GAAP financial measure of net income and net income margin for each of the periods indicated: 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 37,824 33,933 83,044 93,500 Capitalized interest charged to cost of home closings 351 547 1,405 1,502 Interest expense 614 476 1,903 1,022 Interest income (224) (35) (592) (116) Provision for income taxes 1,761 3,814 Depreciation 419 295 1,128 798 EBITDA 40,745 35,216 90,702 96,706 Purchase accounting adjustments included in cost of home closings (410) (670) Purchase accounting adjustments included in other (income) expense, net 1,308 Adjusted EBITDA 40,335 35,216 91,340 96,706 Net income margin (1) 
 13.6 17.2 12.1 17.1 EBITDA margin (1) 
 14.7 17.8 13.2 17.7 Adjusted EBITDA margin (1) 
 14.5 17.8 13.3 17.7 
 (1) Calculated as a percentage of home closing revenue. 
 Our EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA increased from the three months ended September 30, 2023 to the same period in 2024 , primarily as a result of a 11 increase in net income and 1.8 million increase in provision for income taxes after our IPO and Reorganization Transactions. EBITDA margin and adjusted EBITDA margin decreased from the 
 40 

Table of Conte n t s 

 three months ended September 30, 2023 to the same period in 2024 , primarily as a result of a 2.4 decrease in home closing gross margin. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, EBITDA, EBITDA margin, adjusted EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA margin decreased primarily as a result of a decrease in net income of 11 partially offset by an increase in interest expense of 0.9 million and an increase in provision for income taxes of 3.8 million . A decrease in home closing margin of 2.4 also contributed to the decreases in EBITDA margin and adjusted EBITDA margin. 
 Net debt-to-net book capitalization 
 Net debt-to-net book capitalization is a supplemental measure of our leverage that is not required by, or presented in accordance with, GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to debt-to-book capitalization or any other measure derived in accordance with GAAP. We caution investors that amounts presented in accordance with our definition of net debt-to-net book capitalization may not be comparable to similar measures disclosed by our competitors because not all companies and analysts calculate this non-GAAP financial measure in the same manner. We present this non-GAAP financial measure because we consider it to be an important supplemental measure of our leverage and believe it is frequently used by securities analysts, investors, and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies in our industry. 
 We define net debt-to-net book capitalization as: 
 Total debt, less cash and cash equivalents, divided by 
 Total debt, less cash and cash equivalents, plus stockholders equity. 
 This non-GAAP financial measure has limitations as an analytical tool in that it subtracts cash and cash equivalents and therefore may imply that the Company has less debt than the most comparable measure determined in accordance with GAAP. Because of this limitation, this non-GAAP financial measure should be considered along with other financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP. The presentation of this non-GAAP financial measure is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for, or superior to, financial information prepared and presented in accordance with GAAP. We have reconciled this non-GAAP financial measure with the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure in the following table: 
 As of (in thousands, except percentages) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Notes payable 3,463 75,627 Stockholders / Members equity 372,360 208,903 Total capitalization 375,823 284,530 Debt-to-book capitalization 0.9 26.6 Notes payable 3,463 75,627 Less: cash and cash equivalents 23,716 19,777 Net debt (20,253) 55,850 Stockholders / Members equity 372,360 208,903 Total net capitalization 352,107 264,753 Net debt-to-net book capitalization (5.8) 21.1 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 IPO 
 On January 16, 2024 , in connection with our IPO, we issued and sold 8,846,154 shares of our Class A common stock at a price to the public of 21.00 per share, resulting in gross proceeds to us of approximately 185.8 million and net proceeds to us of approximately 172.8 million , after deducting the underwriting discount of approximately 13.0 million . We used the net proceeds from the IPO to: (i) purchase 6,410,257 newly issued LLC Interests for approximately 125.2 
 41 

Table of Conte n t s 

 million directly from Smith Douglas Holdings LLC at a price per unit equal to the IPO price per share of Class A common stock less the underwriting discount; and (ii) purchase 2,435,897 LLC Interests from the Continuing Equity Owners on a pro rata basis for 47.6 million in aggregate at a price per unit equal to the IPO price per share of Class A common stock less the underwriting discount). 
 We only retained the net proceeds that were used to purchase newly issued LLC Interests from Smith Douglas Holdings LLC, which, in turn, Smith Douglas Holdings LLC used as follows: (i) to repay approximately 84.0 million of borrowings outstanding under our Prior Credit Facility as part of the Refinancing, (ii) redeem all outstanding Class C Units and Class D Units of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC at par aggregating 2.6 million, (iii) repay 0.9 million in notes payable to related parties, and (iv) the remainder for general corporate purposes. We may also use a portion of the net proceeds to acquire or invest in businesses, products, services, or technologies; however, we do not have agreements or commitments for any material acquisitions or investments at this time. 
 Overview 
 As of September 30, 2024 , we had 23.7 million of cash and cash equivalents. We believe existing cash and cash equivalents, availability under our Amended Credit Facility and positive cash flows from operations will be sufficient to support working capital and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next 12 months. We have historically generated cash and fund our operations primarily from cash flows from operating activities as well as availability under our credit facilities and other borrowings. We exercise strict controls and have a prudent strategy for our cash management, including those related to cash outlays for lot acquisitions and deposits on lot-option contracts. We require multiple party account control and authorization for payments. We competitively bid each phase of the development and construction process and closely manage production schedules and payments. Land acquisitions are reviewed and analyzed by our senior management team and ultimately approved by our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Additionally, our land-light business model reduces our upfront capital requirements and generally provides for just-in-time lot delivery, which better aligns our pace of home orders and home starts. Our principal uses of cash include deposits on lot-option contracts, acquisition of finished lots, home construction, operating expenses, and the payment of interest and routine liabilities. 
 In the coming 12 months, our primary funding needs will revolve around the construction of homes, acquisition of finished lots under new and existing contracts, and operating expenses. Additionally, we may seek to use our capital to enter new markets through acquisition or greenfield startup if we believe such markets fit our business model. To address these short-term liquidity requirements, we anticipate relying on our existing cash and cash equivalents, as well as the net cash flows generated by our operations and availability under our Amended Credit Facility. 
 However, the opportunity to purchase substantially finished lots in desired locations is becoming increasingly more competitive. As a result, we remain open to seeking additional capital if necessary to enhance our liquidity position, further enable the acquisition of additional finished lot inventory in anticipation of improving market conditions and the competitive landscape and fortify our long-term capital structure. 
 Looking beyond the next 12 months, our primary funding needs will continue to center around home construction, finished lot acquisitions necessary to maintain a minimum four-year lot supply, growing active community count, growth into new and existing markets, and interest payments on our Amended Credit Facility. We expect our existing cash reserves, along with generated cash flows and availability under our Amended Credit Facility, will be sufficient to fund our ongoing operational activities and provide the necessary capital for future lot purchases and related growth strategies. 
 To the extent our current liquidity is insufficient to fund future activities, we may need to raise additional funds, such as refinancing or securing new secured or unsecured debt, common and preferred equity, disposing of certain assets to fund our operations, and/or other public or private sources of capital. If we raise additional funds by issuing equity securities, the ownership of our existing stockholders will be diluted. The incurrence of additional debt financing would result in debt service obligations, and any future instruments governing such debt could provide for operating and financing covenants that could restrict our operations. We cannot assure you that we could obtain refinancing or additional financing on favorable terms or at all. See Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors General Risk Factors Access to financing sources may not be available on favorable terms, or at all, especially in light of current market conditions, which could adversely affect our ability to maximize our returns of our Annual Report. 
 42 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Prior Credit Facility 
 On October 28, 2021, certain of our wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into a 175.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility with Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, as administrative agent for the Lenders, as amended on December 19, 2022, and as amended concurrently with the consummation of the IPO to the Amended Credit Facility. Smith Douglas Holdings LLC and Smith Douglas Homes Corp. were not parties to the Prior Credit Facility. Concurrently with the consummation of the IPO, we repaid the Prior Credit Facility. 
 Amended Credit Facility 
 Concurrently with the consummation of the IPO and pursuant to the Refinancing, Smith Douglas Holdings LLC and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries entered into the Amended Credit Facility, which amended and replaced the Prior Credit Facility, and conducted the Debt Repayment, pursuant to which we used a portion of the net proceeds from the IPO to repay the 84.0 million outstanding under our Prior Credit Facility. Smith Douglas Homes Corp. is not a party to the Amended Credit Facility. 
 The Amended Credit Facility, among other things, increases the aggregate principal amount of our revolving credit commitments to 250.0 million and extends the maturity date to January 16, 2027, provided that the borrowers may request a one-year extension of its maturity date. The Amended Credit Facility also includes a 100.0 million accordion feature, subject to additional commitments, and provides that up to 20.0 million may be used for letters of credit. 
 The borrowings and letters of credit outstanding under the Amended Credit Facility may not exceed the borrowing base as defined in the Amended Credit Facility. The borrowing base primarily consists of a percentage of commercial land, land held for development, lots under development and finished lots held by Smith Douglas Holdings LLC and certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries. 
 Borrowings under the Amended Credit Facility bear interest, at the borrower s option, at either a base rate or SOFR (which may be a daily simple rate or based on 1-, 3- or 6-month interest periods, in each case at the borrower s option), plus an applicable margin. The applicable margin will range from 2.35 to 3.00 based on our leverage ratio as determined in accordance with a pricing grid defined in the Amended Credit Facility and is subject to a floor of 0.00 . Interest is payable in arrears on the last business day of each month or at the end of each 1-, 3- or 6-month interest period, as applicable. 
 The Amended Credit Facility is unsecured. Upon the occurrence of certain triggers set forth in the Amended Credit Facility, Smith Douglas Homes Corp. may be required to provide a guarantee of the obligations of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC and the other borrowers under the Amended Credit Facility. 
 The Amended Credit Facility contains certain financial covenants, among others, including requirements to maintain (i) a minimum tangible net worth equal to the sum of (a) 130.0 million, (b) 32.5 of positive pre-tax income earned in any fiscal quarter after June 30, 2023, (c) 75 of the equity proceeds of Smith Douglas Homes Corp. and its subsidiaries from the IPO and (d) 50 of new equity proceeds of Smith Douglas Homes Corp. and its subsidiaries after the IPO, (ii) a maximum leverage ratio of 60 , (iii) a minimum ratio of EBITDA to interest incurred of 2.00 to 1.00, and (iv) a minimum liquidity requirement of 15.0 million. The Amended Credit Facility also contains various covenants that, among other restrictions, limit the ability of Smith Douglas Homes LLC and the other borrowers to incur additional debt and to make certain investments and distributions. Additionally, the Amended Credit Facility contains certain covenants that restrict certain activities of Smith Douglas Homes Corp. The Amended Credit Facility also contains customary events of default relating to, among other things, failure to make payments, breach of covenants and breach of representations. If an event of default occurs and is continuing, the borrowers may be required immediately to repay all amounts outstanding under the Amended Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024 , we were in compliance with all covenants related to the Amended Credit Facility. 
 As of September 30, 2024 , there were no outstanding borrowings or letters of credit under the Amended Credit Facility. 
 The foregoing description of the Amended Credit Facility is qualified in its entirety by reference to the Amended Credit Facility, a copy of which is filed as an exhibit to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2024. 
 43 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Additional liquidity requirements 
 We are a holding company and have no material assets other than our ownership of LLC Interests. We have no independent means of generating revenue. The Smith Douglas LLC Agreement provides for the payment of certain distributions to the Continuing Equity Owners and to us in amounts sufficient to cover the income taxes imposed on such members with respect to the allocation of taxable income from Smith Douglas Holdings LLC as well as to cover our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement and other administrative expenses. 
 Regarding the ability of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC to make distributions to us, the terms of their financing arrangements (including the Amended Credit Facility) contain covenants that may restrict Smith Douglas Holdings LLC or its subsidiaries from paying such distributions, subject to certain exceptions. Further, Smith Douglas Holdings LLC is generally prohibited under Delaware law from making a distribution to a member to the extent that, at the time of the distribution, after giving effect to the distribution, liabilities of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC (with certain exceptions), as applicable, exceed the fair value of its assets. 
 In addition, under the Tax Receivable Agreement, we are required to make cash payments to the Continuing Equity Owners equal to 85 of the tax benefits, if any, that we actually realize (or in certain circumstances are deemed to realize), as a result of (i) Basis Adjustments; (ii) Section 704(c) Allocations; and (iii) certain tax benefits (such as interest deductions) arising from payments made under the Tax Receivable Agreement. We expect the amount of the cash payments that we will be required to make under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be significant. The actual amount and timing of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of redemptions or exchanges by the Continuing Equity Owners, the amount of gain recognized by the Continuing Equity Owners, the amount and timing of the taxable income we generate in the future, and the federal tax rates then applicable. Any payments made by us to the Continuing Equity Owners under the Tax Receivable Agreement will generally reduce the amount of overall cash flow that might have otherwise been available to us. 
 Additionally, in the event we declare any cash dividends, we intend to cause Smith Douglas Holdings LLC to make distributions to us in amounts sufficient to fund such cash dividends declared by us to our stockholders. Deterioration in the financial condition, earnings, or cash flow of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC for any reason could limit or impair their ability to pay such distributions. 
 If we do not have sufficient funds to pay taxes or other liabilities or to fund our operations, we may have to borrow funds, which could materially adversely affect our liquidity and financial condition and subject us to various restrictions imposed by any such lenders. To the extent we are unable to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for any reason, such payments generally will be deferred and will accrue interest until paid; provided, however, that nonpayment for a specified period may constitute a material breach of a material obligation under the Tax Receivable Agreement and therefore accelerate payments due under the Tax Receivable Agreement. In addition, if Smith Douglas Holdings LLC does not have sufficient funds to make distributions, our ability to declare and pay cash dividends will also be restricted or impaired. 
 See Part I Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to our Organizational Structure and Part III, Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence of our Annual Report . 
 Cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities comparison for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands): 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 13,655 54,958 Net cash used in investing activities (3,780) (75,631) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities (5,936) 1,512 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 3,939 (19,161) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period 19,777 29,601 Cash and cash equivalents, end of period 23,716 10,440 
 44 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Operating activities 
 We generated approximately 13.7 million and 55.0 million in net cash from operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. Operating cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 benefited from cash generated by net income of 83.0 million, non-cash operating expenses of 7.9 million, and a 6.2 million increase in accounts payable , which were partially offset by a 61.5 million increase in real estate inventory and 23.1 million increase in deposits on real estate under option or contract. Operating cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 benefited from cash generated by net income of 93.5 million and non-cash operating expenses of 2.8 million, which were primarily offset by a 34.3 million increase in real estate inventory and 6.5 million increase in deposits on real estate under option or contract. 
 Investing activities 
 We used approximately 3.8 million and 75.6 million in net cash in investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. The net cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to purchases of property and equipment and investments in unconsolidated entities. The net cash used in investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to 74.9 million used to fund the Devon Street Homes Acquisition. 
 Financing activities 
 Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities was approximately (5.9) million and 1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 , respectively. The 7.4 million increase in cash used in financing activities was primarily attributable to net proceeds from the IPO and Reorganization Transactions of 115.7 million and a 30.9 million decrease in distributions to members of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC, partially offset by a 127.0 million increase in net repayments under revolving credit facility and a 23.3 million increase in net cash used in in real estate not owned transactions . 
 
 Material Cash Commitments 
 There have been no material changes to the material cash commitments described in Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 While using land bankers and third-party developers as part of our land-light operating strategy comes at an additional cost, we believe our lot acquisition strategy reduces our operating and financial risk relative to other homebuilders that own and develop a higher percentage of their land supply. As of September 30, 2024 , we had 611 owned unstarted lots in real estate inventory on our balance sheet which represented only 3.4 of our total controlled lot supply. 
 Under the umbrella of our land-light strategy, we generally seek to avoid engaging in land development. Where possible, we prefer to work with third-party developers that will sell us finished lots under lot-option contracts. In situations where we cannot find a developer partner, we will work with third-party land bankers. Under these land bank arrangements, we typically assign the land or lots we have under contract to the land banker. The land banker will acquire the land or lots directly, and if land development is necessary, we will simultaneously enter into a development agreement to complete the lots for the land banker. Additionally, we will enter a lot-option contract to acquire the finished lots on a takedown to match our projected sales absorption and starts pace. Typically, we are required to put up a deposit ranging between 5-20 on our lot-option contracts. 
 Our asset-light and capital efficient lot acquisition strategy is intended to avoid the financial commitments and risks associated with direct land ownership and land development by allowing us to control a significant number of lots for a relatively low capital cost. These option contracts generally allow us, at our option, to forfeit our right to purchase the lots controlled by these option contracts for any reason, and our sole legal obligation and economic loss as a result of such forfeitures is limited to the amount of the deposits paid pursuant to such option contracts and, in the case of land bank option contracts, any related fees paid to the land bank partner. We do not have any financial guarantees and we typically do not guarantee lot purchases on a specific performance basis under these agreements. In certain circumstances, we may have a completion obligation under development agreements with land bankers where we may be at-risk for certain cost overruns. 
 45 

Table of Conte n t s 

 As of September 30, 2024 , we had 73.9 million of non-refundable cash deposits under land and lot-option contracts pertaining to 9,572 lots with a remaining aggregate purchase price of approximately 612.8 million . 
 
 Surety Bonds and Letters of Credit 
 From time to time, we may enter into surety bond and letter of credit arrangements with local municipalities, government agencies and developers. These arrangements relate to certain performance or maintenance-related obligations. As of September 30, 2024 , there were no outstanding letters of credit. Surety bonds do not have stated expiration dates, rather, we are released from the bonds as the contractual performance is completed. These bonds, which totaled 32.7 million and 26.1 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , respectively, are typically outstanding over a period of approximately one to five years depending on the pace of development. If banks were to decline to issue letters of credit or surety companies were to decline to issue surety bonds, our ability to operate could be restricted and could have an adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 In preparing our financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP, we must make decisions that impact the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and related disclosures. Such decisions include the selection of the appropriate accounting principles to be applied and the assumptions on which to base accounting estimates. In reaching such decisions, we apply judgments based on our understanding and analysis of the relevant circumstances, historical experience, and business valuations. Actual amounts could differ from those estimated at the time the consolidated financial statements are prepared. 
 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 Description of the business and summary of significant accounting policies to our accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Some of those significant accounting policies require us to make difficult, subjective, or complex judgments or estimates. An accounting estimate is considered to be critical if it meets both of the following criteria: (i) the estimate requires assumptions about matters that are highly uncertain at the time the accounting estimate is made, and (ii) different estimates reasonably could have been used, or changes in the estimate that are reasonably likely to occur from period to period may have a material impact on the presentation of our financial condition, changes in financial condition, or results of operations. There have been no material changes to the Company s critical accounting estimates since our Annual Report, except as described below. 
 Income Taxes 
 After consummation of the IPO, Smith Douglas Homes Corp. became subject to U.S. federal, state, and local income taxes with respect to its allocable share of taxable income of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC assessed at the prevailing corporate tax rates. Smith Douglas Holdings LLC operates as a limited liability company and is treated as a partnership for income tax purposes. Accordingly, it incurs no significant liability for federal or state income taxes since the taxable income or loss is passed through to its members. 
 In calculating the provision for interim income taxes, in accordance with ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes , an estimated annual effective tax rate is applied to year-to-date ordinary income. At the end of each interim period, we estimate the effective tax rate expected to be applicable for the full fiscal year. This differs from the method utilized at the end of an annual period. 
 For annual periods, income taxes are accounted for using the asset and liability method. Under this method, deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the estimated future tax consequences attributable to differences between the financial statement carrying amounts of existing assets and liabilities and their respective tax bases. In assessing the realizability of deferred tax assets, we consider whether it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets will be realized. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are calculated by applying existing tax laws and the rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The effect of a change in tax rates on deferred tax assets and liabilities is recognized in the year of the enacted rate change. 
 We recognize the tax benefit from an uncertain tax position only if it is more likely than not that the tax position will be sustained on examination by the taxing authority, based on the technical merits of the position. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 , there were no known items which would result in a significant accrual for uncertain tax positions. 
 46 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Non-controlling interests 
 After the IPO and Reorganization Transactions, we are the sole managing member of Smith Douglas Holdings LLC. The non-controlling interests in the unaudited condensed consolidated statement of income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 represent the portion of earnings attributable to the economic interest in Smith Douglas Holdings LLC held by the Continuing Equity Owners. The non-controlling interests in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024 represent the portion of the net assets of the Company attributable to the Continuing Equity Owners, based on the portion of the LLC Interests owned by such unit holders. As of September 30, 2024 , the non-controlling interests were 82.7 . 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 For information regarding recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 1 Description of the business and summary of significant accounting policies to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 JOBS Act 
 We qualify as an emerging growth company pursuant to the provisions of the JOBS Act, enacted on April 5, 2012. Section 102 of the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. We are choosing to opt out of this provision and, as a result, we will adopt new or revised accounting standards upon or prior to required public company adoption dates. This decision to opt out of the extended transition period under the JOBS Act is irrevocable. 
 We are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on other exemptions and reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if as an emerging growth company we choose to rely on such exemptions, we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our systems of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Act, (iii) comply with the requirement of the PCAOB regarding the communication of critical audit matters in the auditor s report on the financial statements, and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation-related items, such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the Chief Executive Officer s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply until we no longer meet the requirements of being an emerging growth company. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (i) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the last business day of our prior second fiscal quarter, and (ii) the date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in interest rates and inflation. These market risks arise in the normal course of business. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 , there have been no material changes to the information included under Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Limitations on effectiveness of controls and procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 47 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10 Q, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e) under the Exchange Act). Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024 , our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we are subject to mediation, arbitration, litigation, or claims arising in the ordinary course of business. The results of any current or future claims or proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, and regardless of the outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and litigation costs, diversion of management resources, reputational harm, and other factors. We do not believe that any existing claims or proceedings will have a material effect on our business, consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . These factors could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, liquidity, results of operations and capital position, and could cause our actual results to differ materially from our historical results or the results contemplated by any forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. There have been no material changes in the risks affecting the Company since the filing of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 . 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Use of Proceeds 
 None. 
 Purchases of equity securities by the issuer and affiliated purchasers 
 None. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 48 

Table of Conte n t s 

 Item 5. Other Information. 
 (a) Disclosure in lieu of reporting on a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 None. 
 (b) Material changes to the procedures by which security holders may recommend nominees to the board of directors. 
 None. 
 (c) Insider Trading Arrangements and Policies. 
 . 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed/ Furnished Herewith 2.1 
 Asset Purchase Agreement, dated July 31, 2023, by and among SDH Houston LLC, Devon Street Homes, L.P., Devon Street Homes G.P., L.L.C., and John Stephen Ray, The BRR 2022 Trust U/T/A dated April 20, 2022, The CAR 2022 Trust U/T/A dated April 20, 2022 and The TTR 2022 Trust U/T/A dated April 20, 2022 S 1 333-274379 2.1 9/6/2023 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation S-8 333-276503 4.1 1/12/2024 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws S 8 333-276503 4.2 1/12/2024 4.1 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate S 1 333 235874 4.1 9/6/2023 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 32.2 
 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 
 49 

Table of Conte n t s 

 __________________________________ 
 Filed herewith 
 Furnished herewith 
 Certain portions of this exhibit (indicated by [ ] have been omitted pursuant to Regulation S-K, Item (601)(b)(10). The Registrant undertakes to furnish supplemental copies including the omitted portions upon request by the SEC. 
 Schedules have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The Registrant undertakes to furnish supplemental copies of any of the omitted schedules upon request by the SEC. 
 50 

Table of Conte n t s 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 
 Smith Douglas Homes Corp. Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ Gregory S. Bennett Gregory S. Bennett President, Chief Executive Officer, Vice Chairman, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: /s/ Russell Devendorf Russell Devendorf Executive Vice President and 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sdhc-20240930x10qexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Gregory S. Bennett, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Smith Douglas Homes Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) omitted 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Gregory S. Bennett Gregory S. Bennett President, Chief Executive Officer, Vice Chairman, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 sdhc-20240930x10qexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Russell Devendorf, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Smith Douglas Homes Corp. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) omitted 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Russell Devendorf Russell Devendorf Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 sdhc-20240930x10qexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Smith Douglas Homes Corp. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Gregory S. Bennett Gregory S. Bennett President, Chief Executive Officer, Vice Chairman, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 sdhc-20240930x10qexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Smith Douglas Homes Corp. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Russell Devendorf Russell Devendorf Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sdhc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 sdhc-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sdhc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sdhc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sdhc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

