<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1953366_0001953366-24-000022.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>13497726</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112715</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2924710</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4352794</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2120255</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3639980</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001953366-24-000022.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105160438
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001953366-24-000022
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Star Holdings
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001953366
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LESSORS OF REAL PROPERTY, NEC [6519]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41572
		FILM NUMBER:		241427394

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1114 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		39TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212 930-9400

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1114 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		39TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001953366-24-000022.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 stho-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents Consolidate UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 _______________________________________________________________________________ FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the transition period from to 

 Commission File No. _______________________________________________________________________________ (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 

(I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Zip code) 

 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: _______________________________________________________________________________ Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 

Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which registered 

 Common Shares of Beneficial Interest, 0.001 par value 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding twelve months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports); and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large Accelerated Filer 

Accelerated Filer 

Non accelerated Filer 

Smaller Reporting Company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No As of November 4, 2024, there were shares, 0.001 par value per share, of Star Holdings common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I Combined and Consolidated Financial Information Item 1. Financial Statements: Combined and Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 2 Combined and Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 3 Combined and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 4 Combined and Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (unaudited) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 5 Combined and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 6 Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 7 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 26 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 34 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 34 PART II Other Information 36 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 36 Item 1A. Risk Factors 36 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 36 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 36 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 36 Item 5. Other Information 36 Item 6. Exhibits 37 SIGNATURES 38 

Table of Contents 
 PART I. COMBINED AND CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Star Holdings Combined and Consolidated Balance Sheets (In thousands, except per share data) (1) (unaudited) 

As of September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Real estate Real estate, at cost Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Real estate, net Land and development, net Loans receivable and other lending investments, net and of allowances as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) Other investments Cash and cash equivalents Accrued interest and operating lease income receivable, net Deferred operating lease income receivable, net Deferred expenses and other assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities: Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities (2) Debt obligations, net Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (refer to Note 10) Equity: Star Holdings shareholders' equity: Common Stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Star Holdings shareholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 

 (1) (2) million and million, respectively, of management fees and other payables due to Safe (refer to Note 1). 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the combined and consolidated financial statements. 

 2 

Table of Contents 
 Star Holdings Combined and Consolidated Statements of Operations (In thousands, except per share data) (unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Operating lease income Interest income Other income (1) Land development revenue Total revenues Costs and expenses: Interest expense Interest expense - related party Real estate expense Land development cost of sales Depreciation and amortization General and administrative (2) Provision for (recovery of) loan losses Other expense Total costs and expenses Unrealized and realized gains (losses) on equity investments ) ) Income from sales of real estate Income (loss) from operations before earnings from equity method investments and other items ) ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt, net ) ) Earnings from equity method investments Net income (loss) from operations before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net (income) loss from operations attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income (loss) allocable to common shareholders ) ) Per common share data: Net income (loss) allocable to common shareholders Basic and diluted ) Weighted average number of common shares: Basic and diluted 

 (1) million and million, respectively, of revenues from hotel properties. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, includes million and million, respectively, of revenues from hotel properties. (2) million and million, respectively, of management fees incurred to related parties. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, includes million and million, respectively, of management fees incurred to related parties. The accompanying notes are an integral part of the combined and consolidated financial statements. 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 Star Holdings Combined and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (In thousands) (unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income: Reclassification of losses on cash flow hedges into earnings upon realization (1) Unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common shareholders ) ) 

 (1) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the combined and consolidated financial statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 Star Holdings Combined and Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (In thousands) (unaudited) Common Additional Accumulated Stock Paid-In Accumulated Other Comprehensive Net Parent Noncontrolling Total At Par Capital Deficit Income (Loss) Investment Interests Equity Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) Net income (loss) ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Change in noncontrolling interests Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) Net income (loss) ) ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) Net income (loss) ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Change in noncontrolling interests Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 Net income (loss) ) ) Change in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Common shares issued in conjunction with Spin-Off (refer to Note 1) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Stock-based compensation Net transactions with iStar Inc. ) ) Change in noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the combined and consolidated financial statements. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 Star Holdings Combined and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (In thousands) (unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to cash flows from operating activities: Provision for (recovery of) loan losses Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Amortization of discounts/premiums and deferred interest on loans, net ) ) Deferred interest on loans received Amortization of premium, discount and deferred financing costs and paid-in-kind interest on debt obligations, net Earnings from equity method investments ) Distributions from operations of other investments Deferred operating lease income Unrealized and realized (gains) losses on equity investments ) Loss on early extinguishment of debt Income from sales of real estate ) Land development revenue (in excess of) cost of sales ) Other operating activities, net ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Changes in accrued interest and operating lease income receivable Changes in deferred expenses and other assets, net ) ) Changes in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Cash flows used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Originations and fundings of loans receivable and other lending investments, net ) ) Capital expenditures on real estate assets ) ) Capital expenditures on land and development assets ) ) Repayments of and principal collections on loans receivable and other lending investments, net Net proceeds from sales of loans receivable Net proceeds from sales of real estate Net proceeds from sales of land and development assets Distributions from other investments Other investing activities, net ) Cash flows provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Net transactions with iStar Inc. ) Borrowings from debt obligations Repayments of debt obligations ) Payment of deferred financing costs ) Other financing activities, net ) Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities ) Changes in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

Reconciliation of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash presented on the combined and consolidated statements of cash flows Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in deferred expenses and other assets, net Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash The accompanying notes are an integral part of the combined and consolidated financial statements. 

 6 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 shares of common stock of Safehold Inc. (the Safe Shares and certain other assets iStar Included Assets to Star Holdings; and (ii) iStar distributed of the common shares of beneficial interest in Star Holdings to holders of common stock of iStar ("iStar Common Stock") by way of a pro rata distribution of common shares of Star Holdings for each outstanding share of iStar Common Stock held on the record date of the distribution. The Spin-Off became effective at 12:02 a.m., Eastern Time, on March 31, 2023 (the Spin-Off Effective Time ). Following the Spin-Off, Star Holdings became an independent, publicly traded company. Star Holdings' common shares commenced regular-way trading on the Nasdaq Global Market (the Nasdaq under the symbol STHO on March 31, 2023. Shortly after the Spin-Off, iStar completed its previously-announced merger (the "Merger") with Safehold Inc., a Maryland corporation. iStar continued as the surviving corporation in the Merger and changed its name to Safehold Inc. ("Safe"). The Company operates its business as segment that focuses on realizing value for shareholders primarily by generating cash flows through active asset management and sales of its existing loans, operating properties and land and development properties. The Company s short-term and long-term liquidity requirements include capital expenditures on its development projects, debt service, management fees and expense reimbursements payable to its Manager (refer to Note 7) and operating expenses, among others. The Company expects to meet its short-term liquidity requirements through any cash flows from operations, proceeds from asset sales, borrowings on the incremental facility under the Safe Credit Facility (refer to Note 9) and unrestricted cash. The Company expects to meet its long-term liquidity requirements through any cash flows from operations and proceeds from asset sales. The combined and consolidated financial statements of the Company include loans and other lending investments, operating properties and land and development assets that represent the assets, liabilities and operations from the assets included in the Spin-Off. References to "iStar" in the notes to the Company's financial statements refer to iStar prior to the closing of the Merger and the Spin-Off. 

 7 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 million of general and administrative expense and million of interest expense. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the general and administrative expense allocation includes million of stock-based compensation. Subsequent to the Spin-Off, the Company has its own general and administrative expense and interest expense as a stand-alone public company. Prior to the Spin-Off, certain of the entities included in the Company s financial statements did not have bank accounts for the periods presented, and certain cash transactions for the Company were transacted through bank accounts owned by iStar. The combined and consolidated statements of cash flows for the periods presented were prepared as if operating, investing and financing transactions for the Company had been transacted through its own bank accounts. 

 8 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 Consolidated VIEs The Company consolidates VIEs for which it is considered the primary beneficiary. The liabilities of these VIEs are non-recourse to the Company and can only be satisfied from each VIE s respective assets. The Company did not have any unfunded commitments related to consolidated VIEs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The following table presents the assets and liabilities of the Company s consolidated VIEs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 in thousands): Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Real estate, net Land and development, net Cash and cash equivalents Accrued interest and operating lease income receivable, net Deferred expenses and other assets, net Total assets LIABILITIES Total liabilities 

 9 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 Buildings and improvements, at cost Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Real estate, net (1) 

 (1) During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company sold residential condominiums with a carrying value of million that were transferred from land and development to real estate available and held for sale. Tenant Reimbursements The Company receives reimbursements from tenants for certain facility operating expenses including common area costs, insurance, utilities and real estate taxes. Tenant reimbursements were million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Tenant reimbursements were million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These amounts are included in Operating lease income in the Company s combined and consolidated statements of operations. Allowance for Doubtful Accounts As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the allowance for doubtful accounts related to real estate tenant receivables was million and million, respectively. These amounts are included in Accrued interest and operating lease income receivable, net on the Company s combined and consolidated balance sheets. 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 

 10 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Total land and development, net Dispositions During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company sold land parcels and residential lots and units and recognized land development revenue of million and million, respectively, and land development cost of sales of million and million, respectively, from its land and development portfolio. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company sold land parcels and residential lots and units and recognized land development revenue of million and million, respectively, and land development cost of sales of million and million, respectively, from its land and development portfolio. In September 2023, the Company sold a land parcel to a third-party and provided the buyer with a loan to finance the acquisition. The buyer had the option to prepay the loan in full on or before a specified date, it would receive a discounted purchase price. At origination, the Company recorded the loan based on the discounted purchase price since collection of the discounted portion of the sale was undetermined. The buyer elected to not prepay the loan and receive the discounted purchase price and, as such, the Company recorded additional land development revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The loan to the buyer is included in Loans receivable and other lending investments, net on the Company s combined and consolidated balance sheets. In December 2023, the Company transferred the ownership interests in a subsidiary land owner to a third-party venture (the Venture for its development and construction of a multifamily project in Asbury Park, NJ (the Project ). In connection with this transfer, the Company (i) provided the Venture with a million mezzanine loan that was fully funded at closing and is secured by the ownership interests in the subsidiary land owner; and (ii) provided a completion and carry guaranty on the Venture s million senior construction mortgage loan (refer to Note 9) with a third-party lender in return for a fee. The Company is a non-member manager of the Venture and is entitled to certain fees, but otherwise has no expected member-related economics. Until the mezzanine loan is repaid and the guaranties are released, the Company controls all decision-making of the Venture. The Venture is responsible for the funding and performance of all development and construction activities and the Company is not obligated to provide any capital contributions to the Venture. At closing, the third-party members provided million in cash capital contributions to the Venture, exclusive of a million deferred profits interest, which combined represent the total equity capitalization. The Company determined that the Venture (and its consolidated subsidiaries developing the Project) is a VIE for which the Company is the primary beneficiary and thus consolidated it under ASC 810. As a result, for accounting purposes, the Project was recorded on the Company s combined and consolidated financial statements and the mezzanine loan eliminates in consolidation. The million in third-party cash capital contributions to the Venture represents noncontrolling interests in the Company s combined and consolidated balance sheet. The Company expects this consolidation treatment to continue until the mezzanine loan is paid in full by the Venture and the Company s senior loan guaranties are released by the lender. 

 11 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 Subordinate mortgages Subtotal - gross carrying value of loans Other lending investments Available-for-sale debt securities Subtotal - other lending investments Total gross carrying value of loans receivable and other lending investments Allowance for loan losses ) ) Total loans receivable and other lending investments, net 

 (1) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, accrued interest was million and million, respectively, and is recorded in Accrued interest and operating lease income receivable, net on the Company s combined and consolidated balance sheets. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company did not reverse any accrued interest on its loan portfolio. 
 Provision for (recovery of) loan losses (1) Allowance for loan losses at end of period Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Allowance for loan losses at beginning of period Provision for (recovery of) loan losses (1) Allowance for loan losses at end of period 

 (1) During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded a provision for loan losses of thousand and million, respectively, in its combined and consolidated statements of operations. The provision in 2024 was due primarily to a declining macroeconomic forecast since June 30, 2024. The provision in 2023 was due primarily to the origination of a new loan during the three months ended September 30, 2023 . 

12 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 Provision for (recovery of) loan losses (1) Allowance for loan losses at end of period Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Allowance for loan losses at beginning of period Provision for (recovery of) loan losses (1) ) ) ) Allowance for loan losses at end of period 

 (1) During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded a provision for loan losses of thousand and million, respectively, in its combined and consolidated statements of operations. The provision in 2024 was due primarily to a principal addition to a loan originated in September 2023 (refer to Note 5). The provision in 2023 was due primarily to a million provision on the sale of a loan held for sale, which was partially offset by a recovery due to the repayment of loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Less: Allowance for loan losses ) Total As of December 31, 2023 Loans Less: Allowance for loan losses ) Total Credit Characteristics As part of the Company s process for monitoring the credit quality of its loans, it performs a quarterly loan portfolio assessment and assigns risk ratings to each of its performing loans. Risk ratings, which range from 1 (lower risk) to 5 (higher risk), are based on judgments which are inherently uncertain, and there can be no assurance that actual performance will be similar to current expectation. The Company designates loans as non-performing at such time as: (1) interest payments become 90 days delinquent; (2) the loan has a maturity default; or (3) management determines it is probable that we will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the loan. All non-performing loans are placed on non-accrual status and income is only recognized in certain cases upon actual cash receipt. 

 13 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 1.5 2.0 2.5 3.0 3.5 4.0 4.5 5.0 Subtotal Subordinate mortgages Risk rating 1.0 1.5 2.0 2.5 3.0 3.5 4.0 4.5 5.0 Subtotal Total The Company s amortized cost basis in performing senior mortgages and subordinate mortgages, presented by year of origination and by credit quality, as indicated by risk rating, as of December 31, 2023 were as follows in thousands): 

Year of Origination 2023 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior to 2019 Total Senior mortgages Risk rating 1.0 1.5 2.0 2.5 3.0 3.5 4.0 4.5 5.0 Subtotal (1) Subordinate mortgages Risk rating 1.0 1.5 2.0 2.5 3.0 3.5 4.0 4.5 5.0 Subtotal Total 

 14 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 Subordinate mortgages Total As of December 31, 2023 Senior mortgages Subordinate mortgages Total Total As of December 31, 2023 Available-for-Sale Securities Municipal debt securities (1) Total 

 (1) In September 2023, the Company acquired securities for million. In February 2024, the Company acquired security for million. In May 2024, the Company acquired securities for million. 
 Total 

 15 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 Other real estate and strategic equity investments (2) Total 

 (1) As of September 30, 2024, the Company owned million shares of Safe common stock which, based on the closing price of on September 30, 2024, had a market value of million. The Company does not have significant influence over Safe and accounts for its investment in Safe as an equity investment under ASC 321 Investments Equity Securities ASC 321 ), which requires that the Company adjust its investment in Safe to fair value through income at each reporting period. As such, the Company recognized an Unrealized gain (loss) on equity investment of million and million, respectively, in its combined and consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company recognized an Unrealized gain (loss) on equity investment of million and million, respectively, in its combined and consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Prior to the Spin-Off, iStar accounted for its investment in Safe as an equity method investment under ASC 323 Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures ASC 323 due to its ability to exercise significant influence. Pursuant to ASC 323-10-40-1, an equity method investor shall account for a share issuance by an investee as if the investor had sold a proportionate share of its investment. Any gain or loss to the investor resulting from an investee s share issuance shall be recognized in earnings. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was allocated ownership of approximately million shares of Safe common stock from iStar. The allocation was adjusted based upon the final terms of the Spin-Off on March 31, 2023, and the Company s investment basis was reduced by approximately million shares with a carrying value of approximately million, which was adjusted against additional paid-in capital within equity. (2) For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million in earnings from equity method investments primarily from the sale of properties within its equity method investments. Safehold Inc. Safe is a publicly-traded company that acquires, owns, manages, finances and capitalizes ground leases. Ground leases generally represent ownership of the land underlying commercial real estate projects that is net leased by the fee owner of the land to the owners/operators of the real estate projects built thereon Ground Leases ). As of September 30, 2024, the Company owned approximately million shares, or , of Safe s outstanding common stock. The Company accounts for its investment in the Safe Shares as an equity investment due to the terms of the governance agreement described below. On March 31, 2023, the Company entered into the following agreements with Safe: Separation and Distribution Agreement The Separation and Distribution Agreement provides for, among other things, the principal corporate transactions required to effect the Spin-Off and provisions governing Star Holdings' relationship with Safe with respect to and following the Spin-Off. The Separation and Distribution Agreement includes provisions allocating assets and liabilities between Star Holdings and Safe and various post-closing covenants relating to, among other things, the treatment of the parties insurance policies, information sharing and other operational matters. The Separation and Distribution Agreement includes a mutual release by Star Holdings, on the one hand, and Safe, on the other hand, of the other party from certain specified liabilities, as well as mutual indemnification covenants pursuant to which Star Holdings and Safe have agreed to indemnify each other from certain specified liabilities. Management Agreement The Company entered into the Management Agreement with Safehold Management Services Inc. (the Manager ), a subsidiary of Safe. The Management Agreement requires the Manager to manage the Company s assets and its and its subsidiaries day-to-day operations, subject to the supervision of Board of Trustees of the Company (the Board ). Pursuant to the Management Agreement, the Manager is required to provide the Company with a management team, including a chief executive officer, a chief financial officer and a chief compliance officer, along with support personnel, to provide the management services to be provided by the Manager to the Company. The Manager does 

 16 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 million for the term ended March 31, 2024. The annual fee declines to million, million and million, respectively, in each of the following annual terms, and adjusts to of the gross book value of the Company s assets, excluding the Safe Shares, thereafter. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of management fees to the Manager. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded million and million, respectively, of management fees to the Manager. The Management Agreement may be terminated by the Company without cause by not less than written notice to the Manager upon the affirmative vote of at least two -thirds of the Company s independent directors, provided, however, that if the date of termination occurs prior to the fourth anniversary of the Spin-Off, the termination will be subject to payment of the applicable termination fee to the Manager. The Company may also terminate the Management Agreement at any time, including during the initial term, with prior written notice from the Company s board of trustees for cause, as defined in the Management Agreement. In the event of a termination without cause by the Company prior to the fourth anniversary of the Spin-Off, the Company will pay the Manager a termination fee of million minus the aggregate amount of management fees actually paid to the Manager prior to the termination date. However, if the Company has completed the liquidation of its assets on or before the termination date, the termination fee will consist of any portion of the annual management fee that remained unpaid for the remainder of the then current annual term plus, if the termination date occurs on or before the third anniversary of the Spin-Off, the amount of the management fee that would have been payable for the next succeeding annual term, or if the termination date occurs after the third anniversary of the Spin-Off, . In the event of a termination by the Manager based on a reduction in the amount of the Company s combined and consolidated assets below designated thresholds, the Company will pay the Manager a termination fee of million if the termination occurs in the first year, million if the termination occurs in the second year and million if the termination occurs in the third year, in each case, plus the balance of any unpaid portion of the annual management fee for the applicable year. Governance Agreement The Company and Safe entered into a governance agreement (the Governance Agreement in order to establish various arrangements and restrictions with respect to the governance of the Company and certain rights and restrictions with respect to the Safe Shares owned by the Company. The Company and its subsidiaries are prohibited from transferring at any time any Safe Shares held by the Company or its subsidiaries to any person who is known by the Company or its subsidiaries to be an Activist or Company Competitor (as such terms are defined in the Governance Agreement), or to any group that, to the knowledge of the Company or its subsidiaries, includes as Activist or Company Competitor, without first obtaining the Safe s prior written consent. During a restrictive period which lasts until the earliest to occur of (i) the effective date on which Safe terminates the Management Agreement; or (ii) the date on which we beneficially own less than of Safe s outstanding common stock and Safe is no longer our external Manager; or (iii) a Change of Control of Safe (as defined in the Governance Agreement), we and our directly or indirectly wholly owned subsidiaries are required to vote the Safe Shares in accordance with the recommendations of the board of directors of Safe. We have irrevocably designated and appointed the board of directors of Safe as our sole and exclusive attorney-in-fact and proxy with full power of substitution and re-substitution to exercise the voting power of our shares of Safe in accordance with these requirements. We will also be subject to certain standstill agreements during the restrictive period. The terms of such standstill agreements will restrict us from making certain acquisitions of Safe securities, seeking representation on Safe s board of directors, participating in the solicitation 

 17 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 of Safe's outstanding common stock and is able to sell all of the shares of Safe common stock pursuant to Rule 144(b) without restriction. Safe Credit Facility Refer to Note 9 for additional information on the Safe Credit Facility . Other real estate and strategic equity investments As of December 31, 2023, the Company s other real estate equity investments include equity interests of in real estate ventures comprised primarily of investments in operating properties that have been sold and are in the process of liquidating. 

 (1) Net Income Attributable to Safe also includes earnings from equity method investments and income tax expense. (2) Prior to the Spin-Off, iStar accounted for its investment in Safe as an equity method investment under ASC 323 due to its ability to exercise significant influence. Subsequent to the Spin-Off, the Company does not have significant influence over Safe and accounts for its investment in Safe as an equity investment under ASC 321, which requires that the Company adjust its investment in Safe to fair value through income at each reporting period. 

 18 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets (2) Restricted cash Other receivables Leasing costs, net (3) Intangible assets, net (4) Deferred expenses and other assets, net 

 (1) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, other assets primarily includes prepaid expenses and dividends receivable from Safe. (2) Right-of use lease assets initially equal the lease liability. For operating leases, rent expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease and is recorded in Real estate expense in the Company s combined and consolidated statements of operations. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in Real estate expense in its combined and consolidated statements of operations relating to operating leases. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in Real estate expense in its combined and consolidated statements of operations relating to operating leases. (3) Accumulated amortization of leasing costs was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. (4) Intangible assets, net includes above market and in-place lease assets related to the acquisition of real estate assets. Accumulated amortization on intangible assets, net was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These intangible lease assets are amortized over the remaining term of the lease. As of September 30, 2024, the weighted average remaining amortization period for the Company s intangible assets was approximately years. Accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities (see table above) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

 (1) As of September 30, 2024, Other liabilities includes million of deferred income and liabilities, million of management fees and other payables due Safe and million of other payables related to real estate properties. As of December 31, 2023, Other liabilities includes million of deferred income and liabilities, million of management fees due Safe and million of other payables related to real estate properties. 

 19 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 March 2027 Margin Loan Facility (2) SOFR plus March 2026 Senior Construction Mortgage Loan SOFR plus December 2027 Total debt obligations Debt discounts and deferred financing costs, net ) ) Total debt obligations, net (3) 

 (1) Represents the extended maturity date. (2) In September 2024, June 2024 and March 2024, the Company elected to pay interest in kind PIK of million, million and million, respectively, which was added to the principal balance on the Margin Loan Facility at such time. The applicable margin on the Margin Loan Facility increases by basis points for the entirety of the interest period immediately succeeding any interest period with respect to which the Company makes a PIK election. (3) During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company capitalized interest expense on qualifying real estate assets of million and million, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company capitalized interest expense on qualifying real estate assets of million and million, respectively. 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total principal maturities Unamortized discounts and deferred financing costs, net ) Total debt obligations, net Safe Credit Facility In connection with the Spin-Off, on March 31, 2023, the Company, as borrower, entered into a credit agreement with Safe for a secured term loan with an outstanding principal amount of million, plus up to million in incremental borrowing capacity for specified purposes (as amended from time to time, the "Safe Credit Facility"). The Safe Credit Facility matures on March 31, 2027. Interest on borrowings under the Safe Credit Facility is payable in cash and accrues interest at a rate of (x) per annum or (y) to the extent any loan remains outstanding under an incremental facility available under the Safe Credit Facility at such time, per annum, as applicable. Amounts outstanding under the Safe Credit Facility may be prepaid at any time, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty. The Company paid a million commitment fee in connection with the Safe Credit Facility. The Safe Credit Facility is secured by a first priority pledge of the equity interests in certain subsidiaries of the Company. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, of interest expense gross of amounts capitalized on the Safe Credit Facility, which is included in Interest expense related party in the Company s combined and consolidated statements of operations. During the three and nine 

 20 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 million and million, respectively, of interest expense gross of amounts capitalized on the Safe Credit Facility, which is included in Interest expense related party in the Company s combined and consolidated statements of operations. Margin Loan Facility On March 31, 2023, STAR Investment Holdings SPV LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company ("STAR SPV"), as borrower, entered into a margin loan agreement providing for a , million senior secured margin loan facility (as amended from time to time, the "Margin Loan Facility"), with Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as administrative agent, Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, as calculation agent, and Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as initial lender. STAR SPV drew the full amount of the Margin Loan Facility on March 31, 2023 and directed that approximately million of the proceeds be applied to redeem iStar s senior unsecured notes due 2024, 2025 and 2026. The Company repaid million principal amount of the Margin Loan Facility through September 30, 2024. The Margin Loan Facility is secured by a first priority pledge of million Safe Shares as of September 30, 2024 and has a maturity of March 31, 2026. Interest on the Margin Loan Facility is payable in cash; provided, that STAR SPV may, at its option, elect that the interest for any future interest period be paid-in-kind. Amounts outstanding under the Margin Loan Facility accrue interest at a rate equal to term SOFR for a three-month tenor plus a spread. Amounts outstanding under the Margin Loan Facility may be prepaid at any time upon prior notice, in whole or in part, subject to the payment of any applicable make-whole amount. Senior Construction Mortgage Loan In December 2023, the Venture (refer to Note 5) entered into an million senior construction mortgage loan (the Loan ). The Loan has a 3-year term with 12-month extension option subject to a fee. The Loan is interest only during the term and accrues interest at SOFR + (with a SOFR floor of and features a origination fee and a exit fee, both on the total loan commitment. As of September 30, 2024, the Loan had an outstanding balance of million. Other Debt Obligations During the three months ended March 31, 2023, the Company assumed a million loan payable to iStar. The loan had an interest rate of . As a result, the Company recognized million of interest expense during the three months ended March 31, 2023. The loan was repaid during the three months ended March 31, 2023. Debt Covenants The Safe Credit Facility requires that the Company comply with various covenants, including, without limitation, covenants restricting, subject to certain exceptions, indebtedness, liens, investments, mergers, asset sales and the payment of certain dividends. Additionally, the Safe Credit Facility includes customary representations and warranties as well as customary events of default, the occurrence of which, following any applicable grace period, would permit New Safe to, among other things, declare the principal, accrued interest and other obligations of the Company under the Safe Credit Facility to be immediately due and payable and foreclose on the collateral securing the Safe Credit Facility. The Margin Loan Facility requires that STAR SPV comply with various covenants, including, without limitation, covenants restricting, subject to certain exceptions, indebtedness, liens, investments and the payment of dividends. Additionally, the Margin Loan Facility includes customary representations and warranties, events of default and other creditor protections for this type of facility. Upon the occurrence of certain events which are customary for this type of facility, STAR SPV may be required to prepay all amounts due under the Margin Loan Facility or post additional collateral in accordance with the Margin Loan Facility and related agreements. A subsidiary of the Company provided a completion and carry guaranty on the Loan and is required to maintain a minimum net worth and a minimum liquidity amount both prior to and after the completion of the Project while the Loan is outstanding. 

 21 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted cash flows Present value discount (1) ) Lease liabilities 

 (1) The lease liability equals the present value of the minimum rental payments due under the lease discounted at the rate implicit in the lease or the Company s incremental secured borrowing rate for similar collateral. For operating leases, lease liabilities were discounted at inception at the Company s weighted average incremental secured borrowing rate for similar collateral estimated to be and the weighted average remaining lease term is years. Legal Proceedings The Company and/or one or more of its subsidiaries is party to various pending litigation matters that are considered ordinary routine litigation incidental to the Company s business as a finance and investment company focused on the commercial real estate industry, including foreclosure-related proceedings. The Company believes it is not a party to, nor are any of its properties the subject of, any pending legal proceeding that would have a material effect on the Company s combined and consolidated financial statements. 

 22 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 of the common shares of beneficial interest in the Company to holders of common stock of iStar ("iStar Common Stock") by way of a pro rata distribution of common shares of the Company for each outstanding share of iStar Common Stock held on the record date of the distribution. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has class of common stock with shares outstanding. Net Parent Investment The Company s net parent investment represented net contributions from and distributions to iStar through the date of the Spin-Off. Certain of the entities included in the Company s financial statements did not have bank accounts for the periods presented and most cash transactions for the Company were transacted through bank accounts owned by iStar and are included in the Company s equity. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) reflected in the Company s shareholders equity is comprised of the Company s share of unrealized gains or losses on cash flow hedges of its equity method investments and unrealized gains or losses on the Company s available-for-sale securities. The Company does not have any derivatives as of September 30, 2024. 

 23 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 ) ) Net (income) loss from operations attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net income (loss) allocable to common shareholders ) ) Denominator for basic and diluted earnings per share: (1) Weighted average common shares outstanding for basic and diluted earnings per common share Basic and diluted earnings per common share: Net income (loss) allocable to common shareholders 

 (1) For periods presented prior to the Spin-Off, the weighted average shares outstanding for the EPS calculation assumes the pro rata distribution of common shares of the Company s common stock for each outstanding share of iStar Common Stock on the record date of the distribution were issued and outstanding. 

 24 

Table of Contents Star Holdings Notes to Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (unaudited) 
 Other investments (refer to Note 7) As of December 31, 2023 Non-recurring basis: Available-for-sale debt securities (1) Other investments (refer to Note 7) 

 (1) The fair value of the Company s available-for-sale debt securities are based upon unadjusted third-party broker quotes and are classified as Level 3. Purchases Unrealized gain (loss) recorded in other comprehensive income (loss) Ending balance Cash and cash equivalents (2) Restricted cash (2) Liabilities Debt obligations, net (1) 

 (1) The fair value of the Company s loans receivable and other lending investments, net and debt obligations are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. (2) The Company determined the carrying values of its cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash approximated their fair values. Restricted cash is recorded in Deferred expenses and other assets, net on the Company s balance sheet. The fair value of the Company s cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash are classified as Level 1 within the fair value hierarchy. 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Certain statements in this report, other than purely historical information, including estimates, projections, statements relating to our business plans, objectives and expected operating results, and the assumptions upon which those statements are based, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements are included with respect to, among other things, Star Holdings (the Company s current business plan, business strategy, portfolio management, prospects and liquidity. These forward-looking statements generally are identified by the words believe, project, expect, anticipate, estimate, intend, strategy, plan, may, should, will, would, will be, will continue, will likely result, and similar expressions. Forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties which may cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. In assessing all forward-looking statements, readers are urged to read carefully all cautionary statements contained in this Form 10-Q and the uncertainties and risks described in Item 1A. Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the 2023 Annual Report ), all of which could affect our future results of operations, financial condition and liquidity. For purposes of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the terms we, our and us refer to Star Holdings and its combined and consolidated subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. The discussion below should be read in conjunction with our combined and consolidated financial statements and related notes in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q and our 2023 Annual Report. These historical financial statements may not be indicative of our future performance. Our Development Portfolio Asbury Park Waterfront We are the managing member in Asbury Partners, LLC, which is the joint venture that owns the Asbury Park Waterfront investment. The aggregate carrying value of the Asbury Park Waterfront investment was approximately 132.6 million as of September 30, 2024. The Asbury Park Waterfront investment includes the following: Asbury Ocean Club Surfside Resort and Residences: a 16-story mixed use project featuring 130 residential condominium units, a 54-key luxury boutique hotel, 24,000 square feet of retail space, 410 structured parking spaces and a 15,000 square foot gym and spa amenity area. The property was completed in 2019. The hotel is managed by a third party. As of September 30, 2024, all residential condominium units have been sold. The Asbury: a 110-key independent boutique hotel with indoor and outdoor event spaces, and a rooftop bar. The hotel was completed in 2016 and is managed by a third party. Asbury Lanes: a 12,000 square foot music and entertainment venue. The venue was completed in 2018, is connected to The Asbury and managed by a third party. 
 Our current strategy for the Asbury Park Waterfront investment is to actively asset manage our operating assets, and strategically monetize the remaining development sites and our operating assets through sales to third party developers and operators while meeting our obligations under the redevelopment agreement with the city of Asbury Park. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 Magnolia Green Magnolia Green is an approximately 1,900 acre multi-generational master planned residential community that is entitled for 3,550 single and multifamily dwelling units and approximately 193 acres of land for commercial development. The community is located 19 miles southwest of Richmond, Virginia and offers distinct phases designed for people in different life stages, from first home buyers to empty nesters in single family and townhomes built by the area s top homebuilders. The project is anchored by the Magnolia Green Golf Club, a semi-private 18-hole Nicklaus Design championship golf course with full-service clubhouse and driving range. There are also numerous community amenities, including the Aquatic Center, featuring multiple pools and a snack bar, Arbor Walk, featuring a junior Olympic competition pool, water slide and sports courts, the Tennis Center, featuring tennis and pickleball courts and a pro shop, and miles of paved trails. The aggregate carrying value of our Magnolia Green assets as of September 30, 2024 was 43.9 million. As of September 30, 2024, 2,108 residential lots have been sold to homebuilders. We anticipate selling our remaining residential lots to homebuilders either upon completion of horizontal lot development or in bulk as unimproved lots over the next two years and it could take substantially longer. We anticipate selling the golf course operations to a third party upon completion of residential lot sellout. There can be no assurance, however, that these sales will be completed. Our Monetizing Portfolio As of September 30, 2024, we owned assets that we expect to monetize primarily through asset sales, loan repayments or active asset management. These assets included in our portfolio as of September 30, 2024 had an aggregate carrying value of approximately 96.1 million and were comprised primarily of loans, operating properties, land and other assets. Summarized information regarding these assets is set forth below. Loans and other lending investments . The loans and other lending investments included in our monetizing portfolio as of September 30, 2024 include two loans with an aggregate carrying value of 17.5 million and six available-for-sale debt securities with an aggregate carrying value of 13.7 million. Land . The land assets included in our portfolio as of September 30, 2024 include two assets with an aggregate carrying value of approximately 23.2 million. Our general strategy is to seek to sell the land assets to third party developers. In addition, another land asset at Asbury Park with a carrying value of 38.4 million is held by a venture to which we have provided a loan and certain credit support (refer to Note 5 to the combined and consolidated financial statements). Other . The remainder of the monetizing assets primarily consist of two short term leases that we have subleased to third parties, which had an aggregate carrying value of 3.3 million as of September 30, 2024, and a group of loans and equity interests that are recorded as having no carrying value in our financial statements. Our general strategy is to seek to sell the leased assets, although we may hold one or both leases until they expire. For the assets with no carrying value, we may seek to sell these assets but can give no assurance that we will recover any value from them. Investment in Safe . In addition to the assets described above, we also own the Safe Shares which had a fair value of 354.7 million based on the closing price of 26.23 as of September 30, 2024. Our Margin Loan Facility is collateralized by 12.9 million Safe Shares as of September 30, 2024. The net proceeds from the sale of any Safe Shares must be applied in accordance with the terms of the Margin Loan Facility. In the second half of 2023, we took certain steps intended to address declines that had occurred in the market value of the Safe Shares. We paid down the outstanding balance of the Margin Loan Facility which has a principal balance of 87.4 million as of September 30, 2024 . We also entered into amendments to the Margin Loan Facility and the Safe Credit Facility to, among other things, reduce the floor price of the Safe Shares that would trigger a 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 mandatory prepayment in full of the Margin Loan Facility and enable us to access incremental borrowings under the Safe Credit Facility to replenish funds used to voluntarily prepay the Margin Loan Facility. Future declines in the market value of the Safe Shares could require us to make additional prepayments of some or all of the outstanding borrowings under the Margin Loan Facility. Accessing incremental borrowings under the Safe Credit Facility will increase our interest expense because the interest rate on all borrowings increases to 10.0 per annum while incremental borrowings remain outstanding. Results of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Operating lease income 1,632 1,866 (234) Interest income 548 244 304 Other income 16,224 16,625 (401) Land development revenue 6,146 24,836 (18,690) Total revenue 24,550 43,571 (19,021) Interest expense 1,827 2,297 (470) Interest expense - related party 2,181 2,100 81 Real estate expense 12,932 14,006 (1,074) Land development cost of sales 8,093 17,761 (9,668) Depreciation and amortization 986 1,125 (139) General and administrative 4,563 7,310 (2,747) Provision for (recovery of) loan losses 43 95 (52) Other expense 2 181 (179) Total costs and expenses 30,627 44,875 (14,248) Unrealized loss on equity investment 93,847 (80,189) 174,036 Income from sales of real estate 3,699 3,699 Loss on early extinguishment of debt (482) 482 Earnings from equity method investments 217 (217) Net income (loss) 91,469 (81,758) 173,227 Revenue Operating lease income, which primarily includes income from commercial operating properties, decreased to 1.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 1.9 million for the same period in 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in insurance recoveries at one of our properties. Interest income increased to 0.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 0.2 million for the same period in 2023. Our interest income is earned on our loans and available-for-sale securities . Other income decreased to 16.2 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 16.6 million for the same period in 2023. Other income consists primarily of dividend income from our investment in Safe and income from our hotel properties and other operating properties, including Asbury Lanes and the Magnolia Green Golf Club. Land development revenue and cost of sales During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we sold residential lots at our Magnolia Green property and recognized land development revenue of 6.1 million which had associated cost of sales of 8.1 million. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we sold residential lots and units and recognized land development revenue of 24.8 million which had associated cost of sales of 17.8 million. The decrease in 2024 was primarily due to a decrease in bulk sales at our Asbury Park property, which was partially offset by an increase in sales at our Magnolia Green property. As we execute future sales and have fewer remaining residential and development assets, we expect our land development revenue will decline. The timing and amount of such sales cannot be predicted with certainty. 

 28 

Table of Contents 
 Costs and expenses For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 1.8 million of interest expense on our Margin Loan Facility, net of amounts capitalized. We elected to pay interest in kind ("PIK") on the Margin Loan Facility in respect of the 1.9 million interest payment payable for the third quarter of 2024. That amount was added to the principal balance of the loan. The applicable margin on the Margin Loan Facility increases by 25 basis points for the entirety of the interest period immediately succeeding any interest period with respect to which we make a PIK election. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred 2.3 million of interest expense on our Margin Loan Facility, net of amounts capitalized. The decrease in expense in 2024 was the result of repayments on our Margin Loan Facility. Interest expense - related party represents the interest cost on our Safe Credit Facility, net of amounts capitalized. Real estate expense was 12.9 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 14.0 million for the same period in 2023. Real estate expense primarily represents expenses at our hotel and retail operating properties and land properties. The decrease in 2024 was due primarily to a decrease in expenses at our Asbury Park properties. Depreciation and amortization was 1.0 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 1.1 million for the same period in 2023. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 4.6 million of general and administrative expense, primarily resulting from management fees to Safe and director fees. The annual management fee payable to our Manager under the Management Agreement declined from 25.0 million to 15.0 million for the second annual term of the Management Agreement which began on March 31, 2024. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred 7.3 million of general and administrative expense, primarily resulting from management fees to Safe and director fees. The provision for loan losses was 43 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to a provision for loan losses of 0.1 million for the same period in 2023. The provision for loan losses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 resulted primarily from a declining economic forecast . The provision for loan losses for the three months ended September 30, 2023 resulted primarily from the origination of a new loan during the quarter. Other expense was 2 thousand during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 0.2 million for the same period in 2023. Unrealized gain (loss) on equity investment represents the unrealized loss on our Safe Shares. Subsequent to the Spin-Off, we account for our Safe Shares as an equity investment under ASC 321, which requires that we adjust our investment in the Safe Shares to fair value through income at each reporting period. The unrealized gain for the three months ended September 30, 2024 represents the difference between the fair value of our investment in the Safe Shares as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. The unrealized loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023 represents the difference between the fair value of our investment in the Safe Shares as of September 30, 2023 and June 30, 2023 . During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we sold residential condominiums and recognized income from sales of real estate of 3.7 million. Loss on early extinguishment of debt, net During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred losses on early extinguishment of debt from the repayment of our Margin Loan Facility (refer to Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements). Earnings from equity method investments Earnings from equity method investments was 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which represented our aggregate income from our land and operating property ventures. 

 29 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change (in thousands) Operating lease income 5,214 5,177 37 Interest income 1,378 1,755 (377) Other income 35,482 32,686 2,796 Land development revenue 38,462 46,219 (7,757) Total revenue 80,536 85,837 (5,301) Interest expense 5,260 15,005 (9,745) Interest expense - related party 6,377 4,200 2,177 Real estate expense 36,886 35,995 891 Land development cost of sales 39,446 40,093 (647) Depreciation and amortization 3,347 3,295 52 General and administrative 16,544 28,960 (12,416) Provision for loan losses 58 1,727 (1,669) Other expense 63 783 (720) Total costs and expenses 107,981 130,058 (22,077) Unrealized and realized gains (losses) on equity investments 38,269 (247,121) 285,390 Income from sales of real estate 3,699 3,699 Loss on early extinguishment of debt, net (1,523) 1,523 Earnings from equity method investments 30,433 (30,433) Income tax expense (2) (2) Net income (loss) 14,521 (262,432) 276,953 Revenue During both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. operating lease income, which primarily includes income from commercial operating properties, was 5.2 million. Interest income decreased to 1.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 1.8 million for the same period in 2023. The decrease in interest income was due primarily to a decrease in the average balance of our performing loans and other lending investments due to the repayment of loans . Other income increased to 35.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 32.7 million for the same period in 2023. Other income consists primarily of dividend income from our investment in Safe and income from our hotel properties and other operating properties, including Asbury Lanes and the Magnolia Green Golf Club. The increase was due primarily to an additional 2.4 million of dividend income from Safe for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. Land development revenue and cost of sales During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had bulk sales and sold residential lots and recognized land development revenue of 38.5 million which had associated cost of sales of 39.4 million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we sold residential lots and units and recognized land development revenue of 46.2 million which had associated cost of sales of 40.1 million. The decrease in land development revenue in 2024 was due primarily to an decrease in revenues from bulk sales and condominium sales at our Asbury properties, which was partially offset by a bulk sale at our Coney Island property and an increase in lot sales at our Magnolia Green property. As we execute future sales and have fewer remaining residential and development assets, we expect our land development revenue will decline. The timing and amount of such sales cannot be predicted with certainty. Costs and expenses Prior to the Spin-Off, interest expense represented an allocation to us from iStar. Interest expense was allocated to us by calculating our average net assets by property type as a percentage of the average net assets of iStar's segments and multiplying that percentage by the interest expense allocated to each of iStar's segments (refer to Note 2 to the combined and consolidated financial statements). Subsequent to the Spin-Off, interest expense 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 represents the interest cost on our Margin Loan Facility. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we incurred 5.3 million and 4.7 million, respectively, of interest expense on our Margin Loan Facility, net of amounts capitalized. We elected to pay PIK interest on the Margin Loan Facility in respect of the interest payments payable for each of the first, second and third quarters of 2024 (refer to Note 9 to the combined and consolidated financial statements). These amounts were added to the principal balance of the loan. The applicable margin on the Margin Loan Facility increases by 25 basis points for the entirety of the interest period immediately succeeding any interest period with respect to which we make a PIK election. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we were also allocated 8.0 million of interest expense and interest expense also included amounts payable to iStar. Interest expense - related party represents the interest cost on our Safe Credit Facility, net of amounts capitalized. Real estate expense was 36.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 36.0 million for the same period in 2023. Real estate expense primarily represents expenses at our hotel and retail operating properties and land properties. The slight increase in 2024 was due primarily to an increase in expenses at our Asbury Park and Coney Island properties. Depreciation and amortization was 3.3 million during both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Prior to the Spin-Off, general and administrative expense represented an allocation of costs, including performance-based compensation, to us from iStar. General and administrative expenses, including stock-based compensation, represented a pro rata allocation of costs from iStar's real estate finance, operating properties, land and development and corporate business segments based on our average net assets for those property types as a percentage of iStar's average net assets for those segments (refer to Note 2 to the combined and consolidated financial statements). Subsequent to the Spin-Off, general and administrative expense includes management fees to our Manager and other costs of operating as a public company. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 16.5 million of general and administrative expense, primarily resulting from 13.8 million of management fees to Safe and director fees. The annual management fee payable to our Manager under the Management Agreement declined from 25.0 million to 15.0 million for the second annual term of the Management Agreement which began on March 31, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred 29.0 million of general and administrative expense, primarily resulting from management fees to Safe, audit and legal fees and 14.1 million allocated from iStar. The provision for loan losses was 58 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to a provision for loan losses of 1.7 million for the same period in 2023. The provision for loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulted primarily from the addition to a loan during the year (refer to Note 5 to the combined and consolidated financial statements) . The provision for loan losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 resulted primarily from the sale of a non-performing loan, which was partially offset by a reversal of Expected Loss allowances on loans that repaid in full in during 2023. Other expense was 0.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 0.8 million for the same period in 2023. The decrease in 2024 was due primarily to professional fees incurred in 2023 in connection with the Spin-Off. Unrealized gain (loss) on equity investment represents the unrealized gain or loss on our Safe Shares. Subsequent to the Spin-Off, we account for our Safe Shares as an equity investment under ASC 321, which requires that we adjust our investment in the Safe Shares to fair value through income at each reporting period. The unrealized gain for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 represents the difference between the fair value of our investment in the Safe Shares as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The unrealized loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 represents the difference between the fair value of our investment in the Safe Shares as of September 30, 2023 and iStar s historical carrying amount of the Safe Shares at the time of the Spin-Off. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold residential condominiums and recognized income from sales of real estate of 3.7 million. 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 Loss on early extinguishment of debt, net During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we incurred losses on early extinguishment of debt from the repayment of our Margin Loan Facility (refer to Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements). Earnings from equity method investments Earnings from equity method investments was 30.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized 1.1 million of income from our historical equity method investment in Safe and 29.3 million of net aggregate income from our remaining equity method investments due to asset sales at the ventures. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity is a measure of our ability to meet potential cash requirements, including to pay interest and repay borrowings, develop our assets and maintain our operations, make distributions to our shareholders and meet other general business needs. We were formed in 2023 and we have not paid any dividends. We do not expect to pay regular dividends. We intend to make distributions of available cash from time to time, primarily dependent upon our ability to sell assets and the prices at which we sell our assets. Our sources of cash will be largely dependent on asset sales, which are difficult to predict in terms of timing and amount. While we may be able to anticipate and plan for certain liquidity needs, there may be unexpected increases in uses of cash that are beyond our control and which would affect our financial position, liquidity and results of operations, such as prepayments on the Margin Loan Facility resulting from declines in the market value of the Safe Shares. Even if there are no material changes to our anticipated liquidity requirements, our sources of liquidity may be fewer than, and the funds available from such sources may be less than, anticipated or needed. Our primary sources of liquidity will generally consist of our cash on hand and proceeds from asset sales. We expect our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements to include: capital expenditures on our Asbury Park Waterfront and Magnolia Green development projects; debt service on the Safe Credit Facility and the Margin Loan Facility (refer to Note 9 to the combined and consolidated financial statements), and any other indebtedness including any repurchase agreements; management fees and expense reimbursements payable to our Manager (refer to Note 7 to the combined and consolidated financial statements) ; operating expenses; and distributions to shareholders if we have any excess cash on hand from asset sales after the repayment of our debt obligations. We expect to meet our short-term liquidity requirements through any cash flows from operations, proceeds from asset sales, borrowings on the incremental facility under the Safe Credit Facility and our unrestricted cash. We expect to meet our long-term liquidity requirements through any cash flows from operations and proceeds from asset sales. Our future cash sources will be largely dependent on proceeds from asset sales. The amount and timing of asset sales, including the sale of Safe Shares, could be adversely affected by a number of factors, some of which are outside of our control, including the macroeconomic factors discussed below. We cannot predict with certainty the specific transactions we will undertake to generate sufficient liquidity to meet our obligations as they come due. We will adjust our plans as appropriate in response to changes in our expectations and changes in market conditions. The uncertainty related to macroeconomic factors such as inflation, interest rate increases, market volatility, disruptions in the banking sector and the availability of financing, and the effects of these factors on the economy generally and on the commercial real estate markets in which we operate, make it impossible for us to predict or to quantify the impact of these or other trends on our financial results or liquidity. 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 The following table outlines our cash flows used in operating activities, cash flows provided by investing activities and cash flows used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 in thousands): 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows used in operating activities (24,423) (12,975) Cash flows provided by investing activities 16,465 145,881 Cash flows provided by (used in) financing activities 1,783 (89,164) The increase in cash flows used in operating activities during 2024 was due primarily to a decrease in distributions from other investments. The decrease in cash flows provided by investing activities during 2024 was due primarily to a decrease in proceeds from the repayment and sale of loans receivable and a decrease in distributions from other investments. Cash flows provided by financing activities during 2024 represents borrowings from a construction loan and cash flows used in financing activities during 2023 was due primarily to distributions to iStar in 2023 prior to the Spin-Off, which was partially offset by net borrowings from debt obligations in 2023. Debt Covenants The Margin Loan Facility requires that we comply with various covenants, including, without limitation, covenants restricting, subject to certain exceptions, indebtedness, liens, investments and the payment of dividends. Additionally, the Margin Loan Facility includes customary representations and warranties, events of default and other creditor protections for this type of facility. Upon the occurrence of certain events which are customary for this type of facility, we may be required to prepay all amounts due under the Margin Loan Facility or post additional collateral in accordance with the Margin Loan Facility and related agreements. In October 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Margin Loan Facility primarily to reduce the floor price at which the market price of the Safe Shares would trigger a mandatory prepayment of outstanding borrowings under the facility. The Safe Credit Facility requires that we comply with various covenants, including, without limitation, covenants restricting, subject to certain exceptions, indebtedness, liens, investments, mergers, asset sales and the payment of certain dividends. Additionally, the Safe Credit Facility includes customary representations and warranties as well as customary events of default, the occurrence of which, following any applicable grace period, would permit Safe to, among other things, declare the principal, accrued interest and other obligations of ours under the Safe Credit Facility to be immediately due and payable and foreclose on the collateral securing the Safe Credit Facility. In October 2023, we entered into an amendment to the Safe Credit Facility primarily to enable us to access the 25.0 million incremental facility to replenish funds that we use to make voluntary prepayments under the Margin Loan Facility. A subsidiary of ours provided a completion and carry guaranty on the Loan (refer to Note 9 to the combined and consolidated financial statements) and is required to maintain a minimum net worth and a minimum liquidity amount both prior to and after the completion of the Project while the Loan is outstanding. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and judgments in certain circumstances that affect amounts reported as assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. We have established detailed policies and control procedures intended to ensure that valuation methods, including any judgments made as part of such methods, are well controlled, reviewed and applied consistently from period to period. We base our estimates on historical corporate and industry experience and various other assumptions that we believe to be appropriate under the circumstances. For all of these estimates, we caution that future events rarely develop exactly as forecasted, and, therefore, routinely require adjustment. For a discussion of our critical accounting policies, refer to Note 3 to the combined and consolidated financial statements of our 2023 Annual Report. 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Market Risks Market risk is the exposure to loss resulting from changes in interest rates, commodity prices and equity prices. In pursuing our business plan, the primary market risk to which we are exposed is interest rate risk. Our operating results will depend in part on the difference between the interest and related income earned on our assets and the interest expense incurred in connection with our interest-bearing liabilities. Changes in the general level of interest rates prevailing in the financial markets will affect our floating liabilities. Any significant increase in interest rates on our interest-bearing liabilities could have a material adverse effect on us. There can be no assurance that our profitability will not be materially adversely affected during any period as a result of changing interest rates. In the event of a significant rising interest rate environment or economic downturn, defaults could increase and cause us to incur additional credit losses which would adversely affect our liquidity and operating results. Such delinquencies or defaults would likely have a material adverse effect on the spreads between interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. In addition, an increase in interest rates could, among other things, reduce the value of our fixed-rate interest-bearing assets and our ability to realize gains from the sale of such assets. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors, including governmental monetary and tax policies, domestic and international economic and political conditions, and other factors beyond our control. We monitor the spreads between our interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and may implement hedging strategies to limit the effects of changes in interest rates on our operations, including engaging in interest rate swaps, interest rate caps and other interest rate-related derivative contracts. Such strategies are designed to reduce our exposure, on specific transactions or on a portfolio basis, to changes in cash flows as a result of interest rate movements in the market. We do not enter into derivative contracts for speculative purposes or as a hedge against changes in our credit risk or the credit risk of our borrowers. The following table quantifies the potential changes in annual net income, assuming no change in our interest earning assets or interest-bearing liabilities, should interest rates decrease or increase by 10, 50 or 100 basis points, assuming no change in the shape of the yield curve (i.e., relative interest rates). Actual results could differ significantly from those estimated in the table. Estimated Change In Net Income in thousands) 

Change in Interest Rates Net Income (1) -100 Basis Points 329 -50 Basis Points 164 -10 Basis Points 33 Base Interest Rate +10 Basis Points (33) +50 Basis Points (164) +100 Basis Points (329) 

 (1) As of September 30, 2024, we had 87.4 million principal amount of floating-rate debt obligations outstanding and 54.5 million of cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash. Item 4. Controls and Procedures The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the Company s Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer , as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. The Company has formed a disclosure committee 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 that is responsible for considering the materiality of information and determining the disclosure obligations of the Company on a timely basis. The disclosure committee reports directly to the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. As of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the disclosure committee and other members of management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer , of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b) or Rule 15d-15. Based upon that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is: (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms; and (ii) accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. There have been no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this quarterly report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Notwithstanding the foregoing, a control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that it will detect or uncover failures within the Company to disclose material information otherwise required to be set forth in the Company s periodic reports. 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings The Company and/or one or more of its subsidiaries is party to various pending litigation matters that are considered ordinary routine litigation incidental to the Company s business as a finance and investment company focused on the commercial real estate industry, including foreclosure-related proceedings. The Company believes it is not a party to, nor are any of its properties the subject of, any pending legal proceeding that would have a material adverse effect on the Company s combined and consolidated financial statements. Item 1A. Risk Factors There were no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities, Use of Proceeds and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities We did not purchase any shares of our common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024 . Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 5. . 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Exhibits INDEX TO EXHIBITS Exhibit Number Document Description 10.1 Amendment No. 2 to Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of September 30, 2024, among Star Investment Holdings SPV LLC, Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., Morgan Stanley Senior Funding Inc., and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC 31.0 Certifications pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act . 32.0 Certifications pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act . 101 The following financial information from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 is formatted in Inline XBRL eXtensible Business Reporting Language ): (i) the Combined and Consolidated Balance Sheets (unaudited) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, (ii) the Combined and Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iii) the Combined and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iv) the Combined and Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity (unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (v) the Combined and Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 and (vi) the Notes to the Combined and Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited). 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 In accordance with Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, the XBRL related information in Exhibit 101 is deemed not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Exchange Act of 1934 and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Star Holdings Registrant Date: November 5, 2024 /s/ JAY SUGARMAN Jay Sugarman Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) Star Holdings Registrant Date: November 5, 2024 /s/ BRETT ASNAS Brett Asnas Chief Financial Officer (principal financial and accounting officer) 

 38 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 stho-20240930xex10d1.htm
 EX-10.1
 
 Exhibit 10.1
 AMENDMENT NO. 2 TO MARGIN LOAN AGREEMENT
This AMENDMENT NO. 2 (this Amendment ), dated as of September 30, 2024,
to the Margin Loan Agreement, dated as of March 31, 2023 (as amended by Amendment No. 1,
dated as of October 6, 2023, and as further amended, restated, supplemented or modified from
time to time, the Margin Loan Agreement ), by and among Star Investment Holdings SPV LLC
(the Borrower ), Morgan Stanley Bank, N.A., as initial Lender and the other Lenders party
thereto from time to time, Morgan Stanley Senior Funding, Inc., as Administrative Agent (the
 Administrative Agent), and Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, as Calculation Agent, is entered into
by and among the Borrower and the Lenders, and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent.
PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS:
WHEREAS, Borrower has requested that certain Collateral Shares be released as
Collateral so that Borrower may transfer such released Collateral Shares to Parent or a direct or
indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent in the Permitted Parent Transfer, as defined herein.
WHEREAS, the Lenders are willing to release the Collateral Shares as requested
by Borrower in order to facilitate the Permitted Parent Transfer, subject to the terms and conditions
of this Amendment.
NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual agreements herein contained
and other good and valuable consideration, the sufficiency and receipt of which are hereby
acknowledged, and subject to the conditions set forth herein, the parties hereto hereby agree as
follows:
SECTION 1. Defined Terms; Amendment. Capitalized terms used but not defined herein
shall have the meanings assigned to such terms in the Margin Loan Agreement. For purposes of
this Amendment, the following terms have the following meanings:
 Permitted Parent Transfer means the transfer of the Released Shares by
the Borrower to Parent or a direct or indirect wholly-owned Subsidiary of Parent.
 Released Shares means 600,000 Collateral Shares.
SECTION 2. Collateral Share Release.
(a) The parties agree that effective as of the Effective Date, the Released Shares
are released as Collateral and each Lender releases its Lien over the Released Shares; provided
that Borrower shall give written instructions to each Lender with respect to the transfer of the
Released Shares within five Business Days of the Effective Date. At Borrower s sole expense,
each Lender shall cooperate in a customary manner with Borrower upon its reasonable request to
effectuate the release of the Released Shares (including by executing such documentation and
taking such steps as may be customary and reasonably necessary to evidence the release of the
Released Shares and delivering the Released Shares to Parent or a direct or indirect wholly-owned
Subsidiary of Parent, as may be designated in writing by Borrower to such Lender as the recipient
of the Released Shares in the Permitted Parent Transfer). 

2
(b) So long as any Obligations (other than unasserted contingent
indemnification obligations) remain outstanding Borrower shall not, and Borrower shall procure
that each of its Affiliates shall not, directly or indirectly: (i) grant, or suffer to exist, any Lien on
any Released Shares, except any Lien that may exist as a result of (x) the Released Shares being
owned by an entity subject to the negative covenants set forth in the Parent Credit Agreement or
(y) such entity s equity interests being pledged as collateral to secure the obligations under the
Parent Credit Agreement; (ii) sell, transfer or otherwise dispose of any Released Shares, except (x)
in the Permitted Parent Transfer or (y) in a transaction (A) that would satisfy the definition of a
"Permitted Sale Transaction" if such Released Shares being sold were Collateral Shares and (B)
the proceeds of which, substantially concurrently with the consummation of such transaction, are
used to prepay Borrower's Obligations on a Pro Rata Basis or are deposited to the relevant
Collateral Accounts on a Pro Rata Basis, (iii) hedge (including by means of a physically-settled or
cash-settled derivative) or otherwise directly or indirect transfer economic exposure with respect
to the Released Shares (other than as permitted under clause (ii) above) or (iv) enter into any
transaction or arrangement having substantially the same effect as any of the foregoing.
SECTION 3. Representations and Warranties. Borrower hereby represents and warrants
to each Lender as of the Effective Date with respect to itself that:
(a) this Amendment has been duly authorized, executed and delivered by the
Borrower and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of the Borrower enforceable against
the Borrower in accordance with its terms, subject to (i) the effects of bankruptcy, insolvency,
moratorium, reorganization, fraudulent conveyance or other similar laws affecting creditors rights
generally, (ii) general principles of equity (regardless of whether such enforceability is considered
in a proceeding in equity or at law) and (iii) implied covenants of good faith and fair dealing;
(b) the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Amendment
(i) have been duly authorized by all partnership or limited liability company action required to be
obtained by the Borrower and (ii) will not (x) violate (A) any provision of law, statute, rule or
regulation applicable to the Borrower, (B) the certificate or articles of incorporation or other
constitutive documents (including any partnership, limited liability company or operating
agreements) or by-laws of the Borrower, (C) any applicable order of any court or any rule,
regulation or order of any Governmental Authority applicable to the Borrower or (D) any provision
of any indenture, certificate of designation for preferred stock, agreement or other instrument to
which the Borrower is a party or by which it or any of its property is or may be bound, (y) result
in a breach of or constitute (alone or with due notice or lapse of time or both) a default under, give
rise to a right of or result in any cancellation or acceleration of any right or obligation (including
any payment) under any such indenture, certificate of designation for preferred stock, agreement
or other instrument, where any such conflict, violation, breach or default referred to in clause
(x)(D) or (y) of this clause (b), would reasonably be expected to have, individually or in the
aggregate, a Material Adverse Effect, or (z) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien upon
or with respect to (1) any property or assets now owned or hereafter acquired by the Borrower,
other than the Liens created by the Margin Loan Documentation and Permitted Liens, or (2) any
Equity Interests of the Borrower; and
(c) it has not provided any Material Nonpublic Information with respect to the
Issuer and its Subsidiaries or the Shares to any Agent or Lender. Since December 31, 2023, no 

3
event has occurred or condition arisen, either individually or in the aggregate, that would
reasonably be expected to result in an Issuer Material Adverse Effect.
SECTION 4. Conditions to Effectiveness. This Amendment shall become effective on the
date (the time of such satisfaction, the Effective Date on which each of the conditions set forth
below have been satisfied:
(a) the Administrative Agent has received counterparts of this Amendment duly
executed by the Borrower and the Lenders and acknowledged by the Administrative Agent.
(b) No Default, Event of Default, Collateral Shortfall, Mandatory Prepayment
Event or Facility Adjustment Event has occurred and is continuing as of the date hereof or
would result from, or after giving effect to, this Amendment.
SECTION 5. Reference to and Effect on the Margin Loan Documentation. (a) From and
after the Effective Date, each reference in the Margin Loan Agreement to hereunder , hereof ,
 Agreement , this Agreement or words of like import and each reference in the other Margin
Loan Documentation to Margin Loan Agreement , thereunder , thereof or words of like
import shall, unless the context otherwise requires, mean and be a reference to the Margin Loan
Agreement as amended by this Amendment. From and after the Effective Date, this Amendment
shall be Margin Loan Documentation under the Margin Loan Agreement. For the avoidance of
doubt, any references to date hereof or date of this Agreement and each other similar reference
in the Margin Loan Agreement shall continue to refer to March 31, 2023.
(b) Each Security Agreement and other Margin Loan Documentation, as
specifically amended by this Amendment, are and shall continue to be in full force and effect and
are hereby in all respects ratified and confirmed, and the respective guarantees, pledges, grants of
security interests and other agreements, as applicable, under the Margin Loan Documentation,
notwithstanding the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, shall continue to be
in full force and effect and shall accrue to the benefit of the Lenders under the Margin Loan
Agreement. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Margin Loan Documentation and
all of the Collateral described therein do and shall continue to secure the payment of all Obligations
of the Borrower under the Margin Loan Documentation, in each case, as amended by this
Amendment.
(c) The execution, delivery and effectiveness of this Amendment shall not, except
as expressly provided herein, operate as a waiver of any right, power or remedy of any Lender or
the Administrative Agent under any of the Margin Loan Documentation, nor constitute a waiver
of any provision of any of the Margin Loan Documentation.
SECTION 6. Execution in Counterparts. This Amendment may be executed in any
number of counterparts and by different parties hereto in separate counterparts, each of which
when so executed shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute
but one and the same agreement. Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page to this
Amendment by .pdf or other electronic form shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed
original counterpart of this Amendment. 

4
SECTION 7. Amendments; Headings; Severability. This Amendment may not be
amended nor may any provision hereof be waived except pursuant to a writing signed by the
Borrower and the Lenders party hereto. The section headings used herein are for convenience of
reference only, are not part of this Amendment and are not to affect the construction of, or to be
taken into consideration in interpreting this Amendment. Any provision of this Amendment held
to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective
to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality
and enforceability of the remaining provisions hereof, and the invalidity of a particular provision
in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. The parties
shall endeavor in good-faith negotiations to replace the invalid, illegal or unenforceable provisions
with valid provisions, the economic effect of which comes as close as possible to that of the invalid,
illegal or unenforceable provisions.
SECTION 8. Governing Law; Etc.
THIS AMENDMENT AND ANY CLAIMS, CONTROVERSY, DISPUTE OR
CAUSES OF ACTION (WHETHER IN CONTRACT OR TORT OR OTHERWISE) BASED
UPON, ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT SHALL BE
CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND GOVERNED BY THE LAWS OF THE
STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT GIVING EFFECT TO ITS CONFLICT OF LAWS
PROVISIONS OTHER THAN SECTION 5-1401 OF THE NEW YORK GENERAL
OBLIGATIONS LAW.
SECTION 9. No Novation. This Amendment shall not extinguish the obligations for the
payment of money outstanding under the Margin Loan Agreement or discharge or release the Lien
or priority of any Margin Loan Documentation or any other security therefor, except for the release
of the Lien on the Released Shares as of the Effective Date as provided herein. Nothing herein
contained shall be construed as a substitution or novation of the obligations outstanding under the
Margin Loan Agreement or instruments securing the same, which shall remain in full force and
effect, except to any extent modified hereby or by instruments executed concurrently herewith and
except to the extent repaid as provided herein. Nothing implied in this Amendment or in any other
document contemplated hereby shall be construed as a release or other discharge of the Borrower
under any Margin Loan Documentation from any of its obligations and liabilities as a borrower or
pledgor under any of the Margin Loan Documentation.
SECTION 10. Notices. All notices hereunder shall be given in accordance with the
provisions of Section 9.02 of the Margin Loan Agreement.
[Signature Pages Follow] 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.0>
 3
 stho-20240930xex31d0.htm
 EX-31.0

Exhibit 31.0 CERTIFICATION I, Jay Sugarman, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Star Holdings; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ JAY SUGARMAN Name: Jay Sugarman Title: Chief Executive Officer 

CERTIFICATION I, Brett Asnas, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Star Holdings; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ BRETT ASNAS Name: Brett Asnas Title: Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-31.0>

<EX-32.0>
 4
 stho-20240930xex32d0.htm
 EX-32.0

Exhibit 32.0 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 The undersigned, the Chief Executive Officer of Star Holdings (the Company ), hereby certifies on the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q ), filed concurrently herewith by the Company, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ JAY SUGARMAN Name: Jay Sugarman Title: Chief Executive Officer 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 The undersigned, the Chief Financial Officer of Star Holdings (the Company ), hereby certifies on the date hereof, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q ), filed concurrently herewith by the Company, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 5, 2024 By: /s/ BRETT ASNAS Name: Brett Asnas Title: Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

</EX-32.0>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 stho-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 stho-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 stho-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 stho-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

