<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241121_10-Q_edgar_data_1434740_0001477932-24-007540.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1519931</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>41233</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>356757</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>347818</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>294009</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>452797</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007540.hdr.sgml : 20241121
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241121171506
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007540
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		38
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241121
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241121

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Ranger Gold Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001434740
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GOLD & SILVER ORES [1040]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				743206736
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53817
		FILM NUMBER:		241485500

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 WEST PARK AVENUE, SUITE 207
		CITY:			LONG BEACH
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11561
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-888-3133

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		20 WEST PARK AVENUE, SUITE 207
		CITY:			LONG BEACH
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			11561

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FENARIO INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080509

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007540.txt : 20241121

10-Q
 1
 rngr_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

rngr_10q.htm 
 U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended: TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ________ to _________ Commission file number: (Name of Small Business Issuer in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of Identification No.) (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) , , Address of registrant s principal executive offices ) Issuer s telephone number _______________________________________________________________ (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No At November 21, 2024, there were shares of common stock outstanding. PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Ranger Gold Corp. Balance Sheets As of As of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) March 31, 2024 (Audited) CURRENT ASSETS TOTAL CURRENT ASSETS TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES CURRENT LIABILITIES Accounts Payable TOTAL CURRENT LIABILITIES TOTAL LIABILITIES COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY Common stock par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2023, respectively) Preferred stock par value; shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2023, respectively) Additional Paid in Capital Accumulated Deficit TOTAL STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY (DEFICIT) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY/(DEFICIT) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 2 Ranger Gold Corp. Statements of Operations For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 2023 (Unaudited) 2024 (Unaudited) 2023 (Unaudited) Sales Total Revenue EXPENSES: Selling, General and Administrative Filing Fees Professional Fees Total Expense Loss from operations Other Income/(Loss) Income on Extinguishment of Debt Provision for Income Taxes NET LOSS Weighted average common shares outstanding, basic and fully diluted Basic and fully diluted net loss per common share: The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 3 Ranger Gold Corp. Statements of Cash Flows For the Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 2023 (Unaudited) CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net loss Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operations: Changes in Assets and Liabilities: Increase (decrease) in Accounts Payable and Other Accruals Increase (decrease) in Accrued Interest Expense NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES CASH FLOWS TO/(FROM) FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Contributions of Capital by Major Shareholder NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES NET INCREASE(DECREASE) IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS, BEGINNING OF THE PERIOD END OF THE PERIOD SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURES OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION: CASH PAID DURING THE PERIOD FOR: Interest Taxes The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 4 Ranger Gold Corp. Statement of Stockholders' Equity For the Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) Additional Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balances, April 1, 2024 Capital Contribution - Net Loss - Balances, June 30, 2024 Capital Contribution - Net Loss - Balances, September 30, 2024 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 5 Ranger Gold Corp. Statement of Stockholders' Equity For the Six Months Ended September 30, 2023 (Unaudited) Additional Common Stock Paid-in Accumulated Total Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balances, April 1, 2023 Capital Contribution - Net Loss - Balances, June 30, 2023 Capital Contribution - Net Loss - Balances, September 30, 2023 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 6 and cash used in operations of at the period ended September 30, 2024. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate future profitable operations and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and repay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. These circumstances raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the 12 months from the date when these financial statements were issued. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might arise because of this uncertainty. To address these aforementioned, management has undertaken the following initiatives: 1) enter into discussions to secure additional equity funding from current or new shareholders; 2) undertake a program to continue to monitor the Company s ongoing working capital requirements and minimum expenditure commitments; 3) continue their focus on maintaining an appropriate level of corporate overhead in line with the Company s available cash resources. 7 NOTE C SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONT D and . 8 NOTE C SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES CONT D Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements Common Shares at .0001 par value per share. The Company is authorized to issue Preferred Shares at .0001 par value per share. 9 NOTE E-CAPITAL STOCK CONT D and as of September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, respectively. During the quarter ended June 30, 2023, no shares were issued. During the quarter ended September 30, 2023, no shares were issued. During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, no shares were issued. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no shares were issued. Capital Contributions During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, in capital contributions were made and during the quarter ended September 30, 2023, in capital contributions were made. . As of March 31, 2024, the write-off of the resulted in a Gain on Extinguishment of Debt which was reported on the Statement of Operations for the year ended March 31, 2024 per ASC Section 470-50-40. ASC Section 470-50-40 (Debt Modification and Extinguishments), considers the extinguishment of the debt to an unrelated party results in a Gain on Extinguishment of Debt which has been reported on the Statement of Operations. and as of September 30, 2023, is approximately. The total deferred tax assets are approximately and for the quarters ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, respectively. No tax benefit has been reported in the financial statements because after evaluating our own potential tax uncertainties, the Company has determined that there are no material uncertain tax positions that have a greater than 50 likelihood of reversal if the Company were to be audited. The provision for income taxes differs from the amounts which would be provided by applying the statutory federal income tax rate of to the net loss before provision for income taxes for the following reasons: The Company is not obligated to pay State Income Taxes because it is a Nevada corporation. The Company does not currently have any tax returns open for examination. were paid in capital contributions for the Company expenses from the period end September 30, 2024 through November 19, 2024 (insert the date of management rep letter here) 10 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Forward Looking Statements The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, or Report. The information in this discussion and elsewhere in this Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Such statements are based upon current expectations that involve risks and uncertainties. Any statements contained herein that are not statements of historical fact may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. For example, the words may, will, believe, anticipate, plan, expect, intend, could, estimate, continue and similar expressions or variations identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this Report, we caution you that these statements are based on a combination of facts and factors currently known by us and our projections of the future, about which we cannot be certain. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate may differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. Factors that might cause such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to: Our ability to obtain financing as and when needed on acceptable terms. Our management s inexperience in the mining industry. Our lack of mining properties and the difficulties we will encounter in identifying and completing due diligence on mining properties and negotiating deals to acquire mining properties at attractive valuations. Our ability to manage the myriad risks attendant to the mining industry, including risks to life and property, many of which are uninsurable Title risks attendant to properties that we may acquire. Our failure to accurately estimate the amount of reserves on a property and our ability to mine such reserves profitably. Risks associated with navigating governmental regulations and obtaining and maintaining permits required to conduct operations. Costs associated with complying with governmental regulations, including environmental regulations. The impact that changes in federal and state legislation, including changes in mining taxes and royalties payable to governments, could have on our revenues. The impact that regulations and pending legislation involving climate change could have on our ability to operate and on operating costs, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. The impact of weather and other natural events on our operations. Changes in commodity prices. The costs of defending litigation and payments we may be required to make with respect to decisions adverse to us. The lingering economic and social impacts of COVID 19 and our ability to retain qualified contractors and employees. The impact of inflation on our ability raise capital and on operating costs. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements made by us, which speak only as of the date they are made. We disclaim any obligation, except as specifically required by law and the rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission, to publicly update or revise any such statements to reflect any change in our expectations or in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements may be based, or that may affect the likelihood that actual results will differ from those set forth in the forward-looking statements. 11 Overview Ranger Gold Corp. we, us, or the Company was incorporated in May 2007 pursuant to the laws of the Nevada under the name Fenario, Inc. The Company was organized to develop and license proprietary software solutions for the healthcare market. The Company did not conduct any significant operations other than organizational matters, including filing a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). In 2009, a third party acquired a controlling interest in the Company, changed the Company s name to Ranger Gold Corp. and commenced operations in the mining industry. Between 2009 and 2013, the Company entered into several agreements to acquire mining properties located in Nevada but was unable to consummate such opportunities for lack of operating capital. The Company discontinued filing reports under the Exchange Act after the filing of its quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the period ended December 31, 2013. Thereafter, the Company discontinued filing annual reports under Nevada law and was dormant. In 2019, Bryan Glass was appointed as custodian of the Company by the State courts of Nevada to take any action for the benefit of the Company and its stockholders. Subsequently, he was elected as a director of the Company and was appointed as our president and secretary. Also in 2019, the Company issued 200,000,000 shares of stock to Mr. Glass in consideration for services rendered valued at 20,000. As of the date of this Report, Mr. Glass serves as our only director and officer. Business Strategy We are a natural resource company with an objective of acquiring, exploring and developing natural resource properties in the United States, thereby continuing the business of prior management. For purposes of this Report, the term acquire means the outright purchase of property or the lease, license, claim (whether patented or unpatented) or other use agreement which provides us the real property rights, other interests in land, including mining and surface rights, easements, and rights of way and options to conduct mining operations on real property. We may acquire, develop and operate mining properties either alone or with partners. Our primary focus in the natural resource sector is gold, though we may acquire rights to properties that have reserves of other types of minerals. As of the date of this Report, we do not hold rights in any mining properties nor do we engage in any substantive business operations or generate revenue from any sources. The search for valuable natural resources as a business is extremely risky and capital-intensive. Our ability to achieve our objective is predicated on, among other things, our receipt of financing to fund our operations. We can provide investors with no assurance that we will obtain financing to commence operations and acquire a property or that we will exploit commercial quantities of minerals from any property we may acquire. We intend to source and evaluate potential mining properties through online directories of mining properties and claims for sale, among other resources. We may place claims wanted ads in appropriate industry journals and publications. We also expect to consult with industry professionals and geologists for leads for properties. Prior to making an offer to acquire a property, we intend to engage qualified consultants to conduct the due diligence required to evaluate and appraise a site. Our interest in mining properties may take many forms. The nature and percent of the interest we acquire will depend on several variables, including the amount of capital we possess when an opportunity is presented to us, the amount of risk we are prepared to tolerate with respect to a specific property and our investment objective, such as, if we are seeking to diversify our asset base and reduce enterprise risks. We will conduct technical due diligence with respect to any property prior to acquiring it outright or acquiring an interest in it. We may elect to acquire or lease a property either alone or in a joint venture with a partner. It is our intention to engage in mining operations as opposed to acquiring a passive interest in an existing enterprise. Mining operations include identifying an appropriate property, conducting technical due diligence with respect to such property and undertaking extraction operations, if warranted. We do not expect to engage in exploration for properties but rather we expect to acquire a property for which permits, a mining plan and historical information exists and about which at least some geological, geochemical and geophysical information is available. If we identify a property that our due diligence reveals may possess reserve potential that we are unable to acquire or develop on our own by reason of our limited resources, we may enter into a joint venture with one or more partners to develop a property. We may buy and sell properties in any phase of development to maximize earnings, including before we commence producing on a property. We expect to retain geologists, consultants, mining and operations specialists and other personnel as necessary and warranted to assess resource and reserve analysis, mineability and to conduct mining operations. 12 Natural resource exploration and development requires significant capital and our current assets and resources are insufficient to acquire any properties or fund any mining operations. Accordingly, our principal initial objective will be to raise sufficient capital to acquire a potentially lucrative mining property at an attractive valuation. We can offer no assurance that we will be successful raising any capital to fund our operations. Mr. Glass, our sole officer and director and our principal stockholder, has funded our operations since January 2019 and we currently are dependent on him entirely to fund our operations until we raise the capital to identify and acquire a mining property, if ever. Though Mr. Glass has advised us of his present intention to fund our operations through loans or further investment in the Company, there is no written agreement binding him to do so. In the even that Mr. Glass does not fund our capital requirements, we may not be able to continue operations and stockholders could lose the entire amount of their investment in our Company. Results of Operations for the Three and Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (unaudited) During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we conducted no operations. At September 30, 2024, we had no assets and had liabilities of 256, compared to the year ended March 31, 2024 at which date we had no assets and no liabilities. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred expenses of 4,323, consisting of professional fees incurred in connection with the preparation of reports we file with the SEC, and experienced a loss in that amount, compared to the 2023 period in which we incurred expenses of 3,559, consisting of payments to professionals and our EDGAR filing agent in connection with the reports we file with the SEC, and experienced a loss in that amount. Results of Operations for the Six Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Six Months Ended September 30, 2023 (unaudited) During the six months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred expenses of 11,871, consisting of professional fees incurred in connection with the preparation of reports we file with the SEC, and experienced a loss in that amount, compared to the 2023 period in which we incurred expenses of 12,533, consisting of payments to professionals and our EDGAR filing agent, and experienced a loss in that amount. Liquidity and Capital Resources Liquidity is the ability of a company to generate adequate amounts of cash to support its current and future operations, satisfy its obligations, and otherwise operate on an ongoing basis. Significant factors in the management of liquidity are funds generated by operations, the availability of credit facilities, levels of accounts receivable and accounts payable and capital expenditures. Since inception, we had an accumulated deficit of 1,181,161 and cash used in operations of 11,615 at the period ended September 30, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any cash, nor did we have access to capital other than that which may be made available to us by our principal stockholder, Bryan Glass. Mr. Glass is not contractually obligated to provide us with any capital and we cannot assure investors of the extent to which Mr. Glass will continue funding our operations. 13 Our primary requirements for liquidity and capital are to fund the acquisition and development of mining properties, including costs associated with complying with government regulations. The exploration for and development of mineral deposits is capital intensive and may extend over a long identification, development and production horizon. Few properties are ultimately developed into producing mines. If we do not have the financial strength or sufficient credit or other financing capability to cover the costs of developing or operating a mine, our operations at the mine may be curtailed, delayed or cease entirely. The ability to raise sufficient capital may be affected by, among other things, macroeconomic conditions, future commodity prices of metals to be mined, or a further downturn in the U.S. or global financial markets as has been experienced in recent years. In addition, a continued economic downturn or credit crisis could adversely affect the ability to obtain debt or equity financing for the exploration, development and operation of their properties. We will seek to finance our future operations through the sale of equity securities and from third party loans. We cannot offer investors any assurance that we will obtain the considerable capital required to acquire and develop a mining property or that we will generate any revenue from any property that we acquire. We expect that our ability to obtain debt or equity financing for the acquisition, development and operation of properties will be more difficult in the current inflationary environment. Contractual Commitments as of September 30, 2024 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had no contractual obligations, as such term is defined in Item 303 of Regulation S-K promulgated under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. Going Concern The notes to our financial statements for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 and the report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our financial statements for the year ended March 31, 2023 include an explanatory paragraph with respect to our ability to continue as a going concern. As reflected in the accompanying financial statements, the Company has a deficit accumulated of 1,137,729 at September 30, 2024. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon its ability to generate future profitable operations and/or to obtain the necessary financing to meet its obligations and pay its liabilities arising from normal business operations when they come due. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments that might arise because of this uncertainty. The presence of the going concern explanatory paragraph suggests that we may not have sufficient liquidity, or minimum cash levels, to operate our business. We expect to incur losses for the foreseeable future, even if we acquire a property that has proven reserves. We will need to raise additional capital to fund our near-term operational plans described elsewhere in this Report. We cannot assure you that we will be successful in our operational plans or that the capital we require will be available on acceptable terms or at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms or at all, we may be unable to acquire and develop mining properties and investors may lose the entire amount of their investment in the Company. Off-Balance Sheet and Other Arrangements We do not engage in any activities involving variable interest entities or off-balance sheet arrangements. Critical Accounting Policies and Use of Estimates The discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations are based upon the Company s financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. The preparation of these condensed consolidated financial statements requires estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, sales and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, our management evaluates its estimates based upon historical experience and various other assumptions that it believes to be reasonable in the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates. The Company believes that its significant accounting policies affect its more significant estimates and judgments used in the preparation of its consolidated financial statements. Our significant accounting policies are described in Note C to our audited financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the period ended March 31, 2023. We do not believe that there has been any significant change in the Company s critical accounting policies since March 31, 2023. 14 Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note C to the financial statements furnished with this report for a discussion of recent accounting pronouncements that had a material effect on the financial statements presented herein. ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and are not required to provide the information under this item. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e)) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time specified in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. However, a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all controls systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to provide reasonable assurance of achieving its objectives. Pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange Act, the Company carried out an evaluation with the participation of the Company s management performed an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer, who is the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer and who we refer to herein as our PEO, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined under Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the quarter ended September 30, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, the Company s PEO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024 due to the Company s limited internal resources and lack of ability to have multiple levels of transaction review. Management is in the process of determining how best to address this condition and implement a more effective system to ensure that information required to be disclosed in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q has been recorded, processed, summarized and reported accurately. Our management acknowledges the existence of this problem, and intends to developed procedures to address them to the extent possible given limitations in financial and manpower resources. While management is working on a plan, no assurance can be made at this point that the implementation of such controls and procedures will be completed in a timely manner or that they will be adequate once implemented. Changes in Internal Controls There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting. 15 PART II OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS There are presently no pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or as to which any of its property is subject, and no such proceedings are known to the Company to be threatened or contemplated against it. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not required to provide the information required under this item. ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS Since the date on which the Company filed its last quarterly report on Form 10-Q and through the date of this report, the Company did not sell any securities. ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES None. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION None 16 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. Exhibit Description 31.1 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 31.2 Certification of the Company s Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, with respect to the registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 32.1 Certification of the Company s Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) In accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is hereby furnished to the SEC as an accompanying document and is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section, nor shall it be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933. 17 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. RANGER COLD CORP. Date: November 21, 2024 By: /s/ Bryan Glass Name: Bryan Glass Title: President, Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer 18 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 rngr_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 rngr_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Bryan Glass, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Ranger Gold Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. As the registrant s sole certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. As the registrant s sole certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 21, 2024 By: /s/ Bryan Glass Name: Bryan Glass Title: President, Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 rngr_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 rngr_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Bryan Glass, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Ranger Gold Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. As the registrant s sole certifying officer, I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. As the registrant s sole certifying officer, I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 21, 2024 By: /s/ Bryan Glass Name: Bryan Glass Title: Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 rngr_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 rngr_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Bryan Glass, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Ranger Gold Corp. for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Ranger Gold Corp. Date: November 21, 2024 By: /s/ Bryan Glass Bryan Glass President, Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer ___________ The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 rngr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 rngr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 rngr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 rngr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

