<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1286043_0001286043-24-000111.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9945743</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>158622</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1577275</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3373612</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2430553</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2235545</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001286043-24-000111.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031163056
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001286043-24-000111
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KITE REALTY GROUP TRUST
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001286043
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				113715772
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32268
		FILM NUMBER:		241415698

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 S MERIDIAN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3175775600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 S MERIDIAN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46204

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kite Realty Group, L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001636315
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				201453863
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-202666-01
		FILM NUMBER:		241415699

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 S. MERIDIAN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		317-577-5600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		30 S. MERIDIAN STREET
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46204

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001286043-24-000111.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 krg-20240930.htm
 10-Q

krg-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: Kite Realty Group Trust Commission File Number: Kite Realty Group, L.P. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 Kite Realty Group Trust Kite Realty Group, L.P. (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Kite Realty Group Trust No o Kite Realty Group, L.P. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 Kite Realty Group Trust No o Kite Realty Group, L.P. No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Kite Realty Group Trust: 
 x Accelerated filer o Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 Kite Realty Group, L.P.: 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Kite Realty Group Trust o Kite Realty Group, L.P. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Kite Realty Group Trust Yes No Kite Realty Group, L.P. Yes No 
 The number of Common Shares outstanding as of October 25, 2024 was 0.01 par value). 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 This report combines the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Kite Realty Group Trust, Kite Realty Group, L.P. and its subsidiaries. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to Kite Realty Group Trust or the Parent Company mean Kite Realty Group Trust, and references to the Operating Partnership mean Kite Realty Group, L.P. and its consolidated subsidiaries. The terms Company, we, us, and our refer to the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, collectively, and those entities owned or controlled by the Parent Company and/or the Operating Partnership. 
 The Operating Partnership is engaged in the ownership, operation, acquisition, development and redevelopment of high-quality, open-air shopping centers and mixed-use assets that are primarily grocery-anchored and located in high-growth Sun Belt markets and select strategic gateway markets in the United States, and the Parent Company conducts substantially all of its activities through the Operating Partnership and its wholly owned subsidiaries. The Parent Company is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership and, as of September 30, 2024, owned approximately 98.2 of the common partnership interests in the Operating Partnership General Partner Units ). The remaining 1.8 of the common partnership interests Limited Partner Units and, together with the General Partner Units, the Common Units are owned by the limited partners. 
 We believe combining the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership into this single report benefits investors by: 
 enhancing investors understanding of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership by enabling investors to view the business as a whole in the same manner as management views and operates the business; 
 eliminating duplicative disclosure and providing a more streamlined and readable presentation of information as a substantial portion of the Company s disclosure applies to both the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership; and 
 creating time and cost efficiencies through the preparation of one combined report instead of two separate reports. 
 We believe it is important to understand the few differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership in the context of how we operate as an interrelated consolidated company. The Parent Company has no material assets or liabilities other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. The Parent Company issues public equity from time to time but does not have any indebtedness as all debt is incurred by the Operating Partnership. In addition, the Parent Company currently does not nor does it intend to guarantee any debt of the Operating Partnership. The Operating Partnership has numerous wholly owned subsidiaries, and it also owns interests in certain joint ventures. These subsidiaries and joint ventures own and operate retail shopping centers and other real estate assets. The Operating Partnership is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for net proceeds from equity issuances by the Parent Company, which are contributed to the Operating Partnership in exchange for General Partner Units, the Operating Partnership generates the capital required by the business through its operations, its incurrence of indebtedness, and the issuance of Limited Partner Units to third parties. 
 Shareholders equity and partners capital are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of the Parent Company and those of the Operating Partnership. In order to highlight this and other differences between the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, there are separate sections in this report, as applicable, that separately discuss the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, including separate financial statements and separate Exhibit 31 and 32 certifications. In the sections that combine disclosure of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership, this report refers to actions or holdings as being actions or holdings of the collective Company. 

KITE REALTY GROUP TRUST AND KITE REALTY GROUP, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Kite Realty Group Trust Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Kite Realty Group, L.P. and subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Partners Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 11 
 Kite Realty Group Trust and Kite Realty Group, L.P. and subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 29 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk 
 46 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 46 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 48 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 48 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 48 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 48 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 48 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 48 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 49 
 SIGNATURES 
 51 
 
 3 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 KITE REALTY GROUP TRUST 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 
 in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets: Investment properties, at cost Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Net investment properties Cash and cash equivalents Tenant and other receivables, including accrued straight-line rent of 
 and , respectively 
 Restricted cash and escrow deposits Deferred costs, net Short-term deposits Prepaid and other assets Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries Assets associated with investment property held for sale Total assets Liabilities and Equity: Liabilities: Mortgage and other indebtedness, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred revenue and other liabilities Liabilities associated with investment property held for sale Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Equity: Common shares, par value, shares authorized, 
 and shares issued and outstanding at 
 September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

KITE REALTY GROUP TRUST 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Rental income Other property-related revenue Fee income Total revenue Expenses: Property operating Real estate taxes General, administrative and other Depreciation and amortization Impairment charges Total expenses Gain (loss) on sales of operating properties, net ) ) Operating income Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) ) ) Income tax expense of taxable REIT subsidiaries ) ) ) ) Equity in loss of unconsolidated subsidiaries ) ) ) ) Gain on sale of unconsolidated property, net Other income, net Net income (loss) ) Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders ) Net income (loss) per common share basic and diluted Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted Net income (loss) ) Change in fair value of derivatives ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling 
 interests 
 ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to the Company ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

KITE REALTY GROUP TRUST 
 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Common Shares Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Deficit Total Shares Amount Balance at December 31, 2023 ) Stock compensation activity Other comprehensive income Distributions to common shareholders ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) Stock compensation activity Other comprehensive loss ) ) Distributions to common shareholders ) ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders ) ) Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Stock compensation activity Other comprehensive loss ) ) Distributions to common shareholders ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Stock compensation activity Other comprehensive loss ) ) Distributions to common shareholders ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Stock compensation activity Other comprehensive income Distributions to common shareholders ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Stock compensation activity ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Distributions to common shareholders ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Exchange of redeemable noncontrolling interests for common shares Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

KITE REALTY GROUP TRUST 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Loss (gain) on sales of operating properties, net ) Gain on sale of unconsolidated property, net ) Impairment charges Straight-line rent ) ) Compensation expense for equity awards Amortization of debt fair value adjustments ) ) Amortization of in-place lease liabilities ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Tenant receivables ) Deferred costs and other assets ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses, deferred revenue and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisitions of interests in properties ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) Net proceeds from sales of land Net proceeds from sales of operating properties Investment in short-term deposits ) Proceeds from short-term deposits Small business loan repayments Change in construction payables ) ) Distribution from unconsolidated joint venture Capital contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from issuance of common shares, net Repurchases of common shares upon the vesting of restricted shares ) ) Debt and equity issuance costs ) ) Loan proceeds Loan payments ) ) Distributions paid common shareholders ) ) Distributions paid redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Non-cash investing and financing activities Exchange of redeemable noncontrolling interests for common shares 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

KITE REALTY GROUP, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except unit data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets: Investment properties, at cost Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Net investment properties Cash and cash equivalents Tenant and other receivables, including accrued straight-line rent of 
 and , respectively 
 Restricted cash and escrow deposits Deferred costs, net Short-term deposits Prepaid and other assets Investments in unconsolidated subsidiaries Assets associated with investment property held for sale Total assets Liabilities and Equity: Liabilities: Mortgage and other indebtedness, net Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred revenue and other liabilities Liabilities associated with investment property held for sale Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Partners Equity: Common equity, and units issued and outstanding 
 at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income Total Partners equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 8 

KITE REALTY GROUP, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Income 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands, except unit and per unit data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Rental income Other property-related revenue Fee income Total revenue Expenses: Property operating Real estate taxes General, administrative and other Depreciation and amortization Impairment charges Total expenses Gain (loss) on sales of operating properties, net ) ) Operating income Other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) ) ) Income tax expense of taxable REIT subsidiaries ) ) ) ) Equity in loss of unconsolidated subsidiaries ) ) ) ) Gain on sale of unconsolidated property, net Other income, net Net income (loss) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to common unitholders ) Allocation of net income (loss): Limited Partners ) Parent Company ) ) Net income (loss) per common unit basic and diluted Weighted average common units outstanding basic Weighted average common units outstanding diluted Net income (loss) ) Change in fair value of derivatives ) ) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling 
 interests 
 ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to common 
 unitholders 
 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

KITE REALTY GROUP, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Partners Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 General Partner Total Common Equity Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Balance at December 31, 2023 Stock compensation activity Other comprehensive income attributable to Parent Company Distributions to Parent Company ) ) Net income attributable to Parent Company Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 Stock compensation activity Other comprehensive loss attributable to Parent Company ) ) Distributions to Parent Company ) ) Net loss attributable to Parent Company ) ) Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 Stock compensation activity Other comprehensive loss attributable to Parent Company ) ) Distributions to Parent Company ) ) Net income attributable to Parent Company Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 Stock compensation activity Other comprehensive loss attributable to Parent Company ) ) Distributions to Parent Company ) ) Net income attributable to Parent Company Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 Stock compensation activity Other comprehensive income attributable to Parent Company Distributions to Parent Company ) ) Net income attributable to Parent Company Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 Stock compensation activity Other comprehensive loss attributable to Parent Company ) ) Distributions to Parent Company ) ) Net income attributable to Parent Company Conversion of Limited Partner Units to shares of the Parent Company Adjustment to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

KITE REALTY GROUP, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Loss (gain) on sales of operating properties, net ) Gain on sale of unconsolidated property, net ) Impairment charges Straight-line rent ) ) Compensation expense for equity awards Amortization of debt fair value adjustments ) ) Amortization of in-place lease liabilities ) ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Tenant receivables ) Deferred costs and other assets ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses, deferred revenue and other liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of interests in properties ) ) Capital expenditures ) ) Net proceeds from sales of land Net proceeds from sales of operating properties Investment in short-term deposits ) Proceeds from short-term deposits Small business loan repayments Change in construction payables ) ) Distribution from unconsolidated joint venture Capital contributions to unconsolidated joint ventures ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Contributions from the General Partner Repurchases of common shares upon the vesting of restricted shares ) ) Debt and equity issuance costs ) ) Loan proceeds Loan payments ) ) Distributions paid common unitholders ) ) Distributions paid redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Non-cash investing and financing activities Conversion of Limited Partner Units to shares of the Parent Company 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

KITE REALTY GROUP TRUST AND KITE REALTY GROUP, L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 
 in thousands, except share, per share, unit and per unit amounts and where indicated in millions or billions) 
 
 NOTE 1. 
 of the common partnership interests in the Operating Partnership General Partner Units ). The remaining of the common partnership interests Limited Partner Units and, together with the General Partner Units, the Common Units were owned by the limited partners. As the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, the Parent Company has full, exclusive and complete responsibility and discretion in the day-to-day management and control of the Operating Partnership. The Parent Company and the Operating Partnership are operated as one enterprise. The management of the Parent Company consists of the same members as the management of the Operating Partnership. As the sole general partner with control of the Operating Partnership, the Parent Company consolidates the Operating Partnership for financial reporting purposes, and the Parent Company does not have any significant assets other than its investment in the Operating Partnership. 
 The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements have been prepared pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). Certain information and footnote disclosures normally included in the financial statements prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP may have been condensed or omitted pursuant to such rules and regulations, although management believes that the disclosures are adequate to make the presentation not misleading. The unaudited consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2024 and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 include all adjustments, consisting of normal recurring adjustments, necessary in the opinion of management to present fairly the financial information set forth therein. The unaudited consolidated financial statements in this Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes thereto included in the combined Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Parent Company and the Operating Partnership for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 The preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and revenues and expenses during the reported period. Actual results could differ from these estimates. The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected on an annual basis. 
 12 

Office properties Development and redevelopment projects: Carillon medical office building The Corner IN (2) 
 One Loudoun Expansion (3) 
 Hamilton Crossing Centre Edwards Multiplex Ontario 
 (1) Included within operating retail properties are properties that contain an office component. Excludes operating retail property classified as held for sale as of September 30, 2024. Of the operating retail properties, are consolidated within these financial statements and the remaining are accounted for under the equity method. 
 (2) This property is held in an unconsolidated joint venture in which the Company has a ownership interest. 
 (3) During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company began development activities on the retail and office portions of the expansion project at One Loudoun Downtown (the One Loudoun Expansion in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan statistical area MSA ). The Company estimates that it will incur net project costs of approximately million to million related to the One Loudoun Expansion. 
 
 NOTE 2. 
 Construction in progress Investment properties, at cost 
 Components of Rental Income including Allowance for Uncollectible Accounts 
 Variable lease payments operating leases Bad debt reserve ) ) ) ) Straight-line rent adjustments Straight-line rent reserve for uncollectibility ) ) ) Amortization of in-place lease liabilities, net Rental income 
 The Company makes estimates as to the collectability of its accounts receivable. In making these estimates, the Company reviews a variety of qualitative and quantitative data and considers such factors as the credit quality of our customer, historical write-off experience and current economic trends, to make a subjective determination. An allowance for uncollectible accounts, including future credit losses of the accrued straight-line rent receivables, is maintained for estimated losses resulting from the inability of certain tenants to meet contractual obligations under their lease agreements. 
 13 

million in short-term deposits at Goldman Sachs Bank USA Goldman Sachs and KeyBank National Association KeyBank ). These short-term deposits earned interest at a weighted average interest rate of with a final maturity date of July 22, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company earned million of interest income on the January 2024 deposits, which is recorded within Other income, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 In August 2024, the Company invested million in short-term deposits at Goldman Sachs and KeyBank. The deposit balance approximates fair value and earns interest at a weighted average interest rate of with a final maturity date in February 2025. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company earned million of interest income on the August 2024 deposits, which is recorded within Other income, net in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 consolidated joint ventures that were VIEs in which the partners did not have substantive participating rights and we were the primary beneficiary. As of September 30, 2024, these consolidated VIEs had mortgage debt totaling million, which was secured by assets of the VIEs totaling million. The Operating Partnership guarantees the mortgage debt of these VIEs. 
 The Operating Partnership is considered a VIE as the limited partners do not hold kick-out rights or substantive participating rights. The Parent Company consolidates the Operating Partnership as it is the primary beneficiary. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company also owned investments in unconsolidated joint ventures accounted for under the equity method, which are not considered VIEs. On January 31, 2024, the joint venture that owned Glendale Center Apartments, of which we have an ownership interest, sold the -unit property to a third party, resulting in a gain on sale of million. The Company recognized its share of the gain on sale of unconsolidated property of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. In addition, the Company received a million distribution upon the disposition of the property. The Company maintains an investment in the joint venture, which is in the process of winding up its activities and distributing remaining net assets. Glendale Center Apartments is adjacent to our Glendale Town Center operating retail property in the Indianapolis MSA. 
 14 

Net income allocable to noncontrolling interests, excluding redeemable noncontrolling interests Distributions to noncontrolling interests (1) 
 ) ) Noncontrolling interests balance as of September 30, 
 
 (1) During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we received a million distribution from excess proceeds related to a third-party financing. 
 of the joint venture. 
 Under terms defined in the joint venture agreement, after construction completion and stabilization of the development project (as defined in the joint venture agreement), the Company has the ability to call, and the joint venture partner has the ability to put to the Company, subject to certain conditions, the joint venture partner s interest in the joint venture at fair value. As of September 30, 2024, the conditions for exercising the put and call options have been met but neither the Company nor the joint venture partner has exercised their respective options. 
 The joint venture is considered a VIE primarily because the Company s joint venture partner does not have substantive kick-out rights or substantive participating rights. The Company is considered the primary beneficiary as it has a controlling financial interest in the joint venture. As such, the Company has consolidated this joint venture and presented the joint venture partner s interests as noncontrolling interests. 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interests Limited Partners 
 Limited Partner Units are redeemable noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership. We classify redeemable noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets outside of permanent equity because we may be required to pay cash to holders of Limited Partner Units upon redemption of their interests in the Operating Partnership or deliver registered shares upon their conversion. The carrying amount of the redeemable noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership is reflected at the greater of historical book value or redemption value with a corresponding adjustment to additional paid-in capital. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the redemption value of the redeemable noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership exceeded the historical book value, and the balances were accordingly adjusted to redemption value. 
 15 

Limited partners weighted average interests in the Operating Partnership 
 and . As of December 31, 2023, the Parent Company s interest and the limited partners redeemable noncontrolling ownership interests in the Operating Partnership were and . 
 Concurrent with the Parent Company s IPO and related formation transactions, certain individuals received Limited Partner Units of the Operating Partnership in exchange for their interests in certain properties. The limited partners have the right to redeem Limited Partner Units for cash or, at the Parent Company s election, common shares of the Parent Company in an amount equal to the market value of an equivalent number of common shares of the Parent Company at the time of redemption. Such common shares must be registered, which is not fully in the Parent Company s control. Therefore, the limited partners interest is not reflected within permanent equity. The Parent Company also has the right to redeem the Limited Partner Units directly from the limited partner in exchange for either cash in the amount specified above or a number of its common shares equal to the number of Limited Partner Units being redeemed. 
 There were and Limited Partner Units outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The increase in Limited Partner Units outstanding from December 31, 2023 is due to non-cash compensation awards granted to our executive officers in the form of Limited Partner Units and the exercise of previously granted Appreciation Only Long-Term Incentive Plan AO LTIP Units in exchange for Limited Partner Units. 
 Net (loss) income allocable to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) Distributions declared to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Other, net including adjustments to redemption value Total limited partners interests in the Operating Partnership balance as of September 30, 
 
 16 

NOTE 3. 
 
 The Company closed on the following asset acquisition during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands) : 
 Date Property Name MSA Property Type Square Footage Acquisition Price September 22, 2023 Prestonwood Place Dallas/Ft. Worth Multi-tenant retail 
 The above acquisitions were funded using a combination of available cash on hand, proceeds from dispositions and proceeds from the Company s unsecured revolving line of credit. Substantially all of the purchase price was allocated to investment properties. 
 
 NOTE 4. 
 ) 
 17 

million and recognized a gain of million as a result of the receipt of an escrow related to the disposition of Reisterstown Road Plaza that previously closed on September 11, 2023. 
 June 8, 2023 Pan Am Plaza Garage Indianapolis Land garage September 11, 2023 Reisterstown Road Plaza Baltimore Multi-tenant retail ) 
 Since June 30, 2024, we have classified City Center, a square foot multi-tenant retail property in the New York MSA, as held for sale as the Company has committed to a plan to sell this asset and expects that the sale will be completed within one year. This property qualified for held-for-sale accounting treatment upon meeting all applicable GAAP criteria as of June 30, 2024, at which time depreciation and amortization were ceased. In addition, the assets and liabilities associated with this property remain separately classified as held for sale in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as of September 30, 2024. No properties qualified for held-for-sale accounting treatment as of December 31, 2023. 
 As of June 30, 2024, in connection with the preparation and review of the second quarter 2024 financial statements and in conjunction with classifying City Center as held for sale, we evaluated City Center for impairment and recorded a million impairment charge due to changes in the facts and circumstances underlying the Company s expected future hold period of the property. A shortening of the expected future hold period is considered an impairment indicator; therefore, we assessed the recoverability of City Center by comparing the carrying value of long-lived assets of million as of June 30, 2024 to its estimated fair value of million, which was determined using the income approach, less estimated selling costs of million. The income approach involves discounting the estimated income stream and reversion (presumed sale) value of a property over an estimated hold period to a present value at a risk-adjusted rate. We used capitalization rates as a significant assumption in the valuation model, which are considered to be Level 3 inputs within the fair value hierarchy. We applied capitalization rates ranging from to to property income streams based upon the risk profile of the respective tenants and market rent of the leasable space. Based on this analysis, we recorded a million non-cash impairment charge on City Center during the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 Tenant and other receivables Restricted cash and escrow deposits Deferred costs, net Prepaid and other assets Assets associated with investment property held for sale Liabilities Accounts payable and accrued expenses Deferred revenue and other liabilities Liabilities associated with investment property held for sale 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2023, in connection with the preparation and review of the third quarter 2023 financial statements, the Company recorded a million impairment charge in connection with the sale of Eastside, a square foot multi-tenant retail property in the Dallas/Ft. Worth MSA, as a result of a change in the expected hold period. The Company recorded the asset at the lower of cost or fair value less estimated costs to sell, which was approximately million. The estimated fair value of Eastside was based upon the expected sales price from an executed sales contract and 
 18 

million. 
 There were no discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 as none of the dispositions or planned dispositions represented a strategic shift that has had, or will have, a material effect on our operations or financial results. 
 
 NOTE 5. 
 
 Deferred leasing costs and other Less: accumulated amortization ) ) Less: deferred costs associated with investment property held for sale ) Deferred costs, net 
 The amortization of deferred leasing costs, lease intangibles and other is included within Depreciation and amortization in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. The amortization of above-market lease intangibles is included as a reduction to Rental income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 Amortization of above-market lease intangibles 
 
 NOTE 6. 
 Retainages payable and other Tenant rents received in advance Lease liabilities Less: deferred revenue associated with investment property held for sale ) Deferred revenue and other liabilities 
 19 

million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 7. 
 Senior unsecured notes Unsecured term loans Unsecured revolving line of credit Unamortized discounts and premiums, net Unamortized debt issuance costs, net ) ) Total mortgage and other indebtedness, net 
 Variable rate debt (2) 
 Debt discounts, premiums and issuance costs, net N/A N/A N/A Mortgage and other indebtedness, net 
 (1) Fixed rate debt includes the portion of variable rate debt that has been hedged by interest rate swaps. As of September 30, 2024, million in variable rate debt is hedged to a fixed rate for a weighted average of years. 
 (2) Variable rate debt includes the portion of fixed rate debt that has been hedged by interest rate swaps. As of September 30, 2024, million in fixed rate debt is hedged to a floating rate for a weighted average of years. 
 Mortgages Payable 
 Variable rate mortgage payable (2) 
 Total mortgages payable 
 (1) The fixed rate mortgages had interest rates ranging from to as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (2) The interest rate on the variable rate mortgage is based on Bloomberg Short Term Bank Yield Index BSBY plus basis points. The one-month BSBY rate was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR replaced BSBY as the index for the variable rate mortgage. 
 Mortgages payable, which are secured by certain real estate and, in some cases, by guarantees from the Operating Partnership, are generally due in monthly installments of principal and interest and mature over various terms through 2033. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we made scheduled principal payments of million related to amortizing loans. 
 20 

due 2024 
 June 30, 2024 Senior notes due 2025 
 March 15, 2025 Senior notes SOFR + due 2025 (1) 
 September 10, 2025 Senior notes due 2026 
 September 30, 2026 Senior notes due 2026 
 October 1, 2026 Senior exchangeable notes due 2027 
 April 1, 2027 Senior notes SOFR + due 2027 (2) 
 September 10, 2027 Senior notes due 2028 
 December 28, 2028 Senior notes due 2029 
 June 28, 2029 Senior notes due 2030 
 September 15, 2030 Senior notes due 2031 
 December 15, 2031 Senior notes due 2034 (3) 
 March 1, 2034 Total senior unsecured notes 
 (1) of senior unsecured notes due 2025 has been swapped to a variable rate of three-month SOFR plus through September 10, 2025. 
 (2) of senior unsecured notes due 2027 has been swapped to a variable rate of three-month SOFR plus through September 10, 2025. 
 (3) The coupon rate of the Notes Due 2034 (defined below) is ; however, as a result of hedging activities, the Company s interest rate is . 
 In January 2024, the Company completed a public offering of million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2034 (the Notes Due 2034 ). The Notes Due 2034 were priced at of the principal amount to yield to maturity and will mature on March 1, 2034, unless earlier redeemed. The proceeds were used to repay the million principal balance of the senior unsecured notes that matured on June 30, 2024 and the million unsecured term loan that matured on July 17, 2024 (the M Term Loan and for general corporate purposes. 
 In August 2024, the Company completed a public offering of million in aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due 2031 (the Notes Due 2031 ). The Notes Due 2031 were priced at of the principal amount to yield to maturity and will mature on December 15, 2031, unless earlier redeemed. The Company expects the proceeds will be used to repay the million principal balance of the senior unsecured notes due 2025 (the Notes Due 2025 and for general corporate purposes. 
 Exchangeable Senior Notes 
 In March 2021, the Operating Partnership issued million aggregate principal amount of exchangeable senior notes maturing in April 2027 (the Exchangeable Notes ). The Exchangeable Notes are governed by an indenture between the Operating Partnership, the Company and U.S. Bank National Association, as trustee. The net proceeds from the offering of the Exchangeable Notes were approximately million after deducting the underwriting fees and other expenses paid by the Company. The Exchangeable Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually in arrears, and will mature on April 1, 2027. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized approximately million of interest expense related to the Exchangeable Notes. 
 Prior to January 1, 2027, the Exchangeable Notes will be exchangeable into cash up to the principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes exchanged and, if applicable, cash or common shares or a combination thereof only upon certain circumstances and during certain periods. On or after January 1, 2027, the Exchangeable Notes will be exchangeable into cash up to the principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes exchanged and, if applicable, cash or common shares or a combination thereof at the option of the holders at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day preceding the maturity date. The initial exchange rate is 39.6628 common shares per 1,000 principal amount of Exchangeable Notes, which is equivalent to an initial exchange price of approximately per common share and an exchange premium of 
 21 

based upon the closing price of per common share on March 17, 2021. The exchange rate is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events but will not be adjusted for any accrued and unpaid interest. As of September 30, 2024, the exchange rate of the Exchangeable Notes is 40.6713 common shares per 1,000 principal amount of Exchangeable Notes due to adjustments related to dividends paid. 
 The Operating Partnership may redeem the Exchangeable Notes at its option, in whole or in part, on any business day on or after April 5, 2025, if the last reported sale price of the common shares has been at least of the exchange price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Operating Partnership provides notice of redemption at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. 
 In connection with the Exchangeable Notes, the Operating Partnership entered into privately negotiated capped call transactions (the Capped Call Transactions with certain of the initial purchasers of the Exchangeable Notes or their respective affiliates. The Capped Call Transactions initially cover, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the Exchangeable Notes, the number of common shares underlying the Exchangeable Notes. The Capped Call Transactions are generally expected to reduce the potential dilution to holders of common shares upon exchange of the Exchangeable Notes. The cap price of the Capped Call Transactions was initially approximately , which represented a premium of approximately over the last reported sale price of our common shares on March 17, 2021 and is subject to anti-dilution adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions. We incurred million of costs related to the Capped Call Transactions, which are included within Additional paid-in capital in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Unsecured Term Loans and Revolving Line of Credit 
 Unsecured term loan due 2025 fixed rate (2) 
 October 24, 2025 Unsecured term loan due 2026 fixed rate (3) 
 July 17, 2026 Unsecured term loan due 2029 fixed rate (4) 
 July 29, 2029 Total unsecured term loans Unsecured credit facility revolving line of credit 
 variable rate (5) 
 January 8, 2026 
 (1) As of December 31, 2023, of SOFR -based variable rate debt had been swapped to a fixed rate of plus a credit spread based on a ratings grid ranging from to through July 17, 2024. The applicable credit spread was as of December 31, 2023. 
 (2) of SOFR -based variable rate debt has been swapped to a fixed rate of through October 24, 2025. The maturity date of the term loan may be extended for up to additional periods of each at the Operating Partnership s option, subject to certain conditions. 
 (3) of SOFR -based variable rate debt has been swapped to a fixed rate of plus a credit spread based on a ratings grid ranging from to through July 17, 2026. The applicable credit spread was as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (4) of SOFR -based variable rate debt has been swapped to a fixed rate of plus a credit spread based on a ratings grid ranging from to through August 1, 2025. The applicable credit spread was as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (5) The revolving line of credit has extension options that the Company can exercise, at its election, subject to (i) customary representations and warranties, including, but not limited to, the absence of an event of default as defined in the unsecured credit agreement and (ii) payment of an extension fee equal to of the revolving line of credit capacity. 
 
 22 

billion (the Revolving Facility and a million unsecured term loan (the M Term Loan ). Under the Second Amendment, the Operating Partnership has the option, subject to certain customary conditions, to increase the Revolving Facility and/or incur additional term loans in an aggregate amount for all such increases and additional loans of up to million, for a total facility amount of up to billion. The Revolving Facility has a scheduled maturity date of January 8, 2026, which maturity date may be extended for up to additional periods of at the Operating Partnership s option, subject to certain conditions. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Facility bear interest at a rate per annum equal to SOFR plus a margin based on the Operating Partnership s leverage ratio or credit rating, respectively, plus a facility fee based on the Operating Partnership s leverage ratio or credit rating, respectively. The SOFR rate is also subject to an additional spread adjustment as specified in the Second Amendment. The Revolving Facility is currently priced on the leverage-based pricing grid. In accordance with the Credit Agreement, the credit spread set forth in the leverage grid resets quarterly based on the Company s leverage, as calculated at the previous quarter end. The Company may irrevocably elect to convert to the ratings-based pricing grid at any time. As of September 30, 2024, making such an election would have resulted in a lower interest rate; however, the Company had not made the election to convert to the ratings-based pricing grid. The Credit Agreement includes a sustainability metric based on targeted greenhouse gas emission reductions, which results in a reduction of the otherwise applicable interest rate margin by basis point upon achievement of targets set forth therein. The greenhouse gas emission reduction targets have not been achieved as of September 30, 2024. 
 unsecured revolving line of credit 
 1/8/2026 six -month 

The Operating Partnership s ability to borrow under the Credit Agreement is subject to ongoing compliance by the Operating Partnership and its subsidiaries with various restrictive covenants, including with respect to liens, transactions with affiliates, dividends, mergers and asset sales. In addition, the Credit Agreement requires that the Operating Partnership satisfy certain financial covenants, including (i) a maximum leverage ratio; (ii) a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio; (iii) a maximum secured indebtedness ratio; (iv) a maximum unsecured leverage ratio; and (v) a minimum unencumbered interest coverage ratio. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all such covenants. 
 Subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Operating Partnership and the Company entered into the Third Amendment (the Third Amendment to the Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of July 8, 2021 (as amended, the Amended Credit Agreement that extended the maturity date of the Revolving Facility to October 3, 2028 with the option to extend such maturity date for either period or up to periods at the Company s election, subject to the payment of an extension fee and certain other customary conditions. The credit spreads and facility fees for both the leverage-based and investment grade pricing grids remain the same; however, the Company has the ability to obtain more favorable pricing in certain circumstances when its total leverage ratio is (x) less than or equal to or (y) greater than but less than or equal to with respect to not more than one fiscal quarter following a period in which the condition described in clause (x) was satisfied (the Leverage Toggle ). In addition, the Third Amendment includes an adjustment to the sustainability-linked pricing provisions that allows the otherwise applicable interest rate margin to be reduced by up to basis points if certain greenhouse gas emission reduction targets are achieved. 
 Unsecured Term Loans 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Operating Partnership has the following unsecured term loans: (i) a million unsecured term loan due October 2025 (the M Term Loan ), (ii) a million unsecured term loan due July 2026 (the M Term Loan ), and (iii) the M Term Loan that matures in July 2029, each of which bears interest at a rate of SOFR plus a credit spread. The M Term Loan and the M Term Loan are each priced on a ratings-based pricing grid while the M Term Loan is priced on a leverage-based pricing grid. The agreements related to the M Term Loan and M Term Loan include a sustainability metric based on targeted greenhouse gas emission reductions, which 
 23 

basis point upon achievement of targets set forth in each agreement. The greenhouse gas emission reduction targets have not been achieved as of September 30, 2024. 
 unsecured term loan due 2025 
 10/24/2025 (1) 

unsecured term loan due 2026 
 7/17/2026 

unsecured term loan due 2029 
 7/29/2029 N/A 

(1) The maturity date may be extended for up to additional periods of each at the Operating Partnership s option, subject to certain conditions. 
 The Operating Partnership has the option to increase the M Term Loan to million upon the Operating Partnership s request, subject to certain conditions including obtaining commitments from any one or more lenders, whether or not currently party to the term loan agreement, to provide such increased amounts. The Operating Partnership is permitted to prepay the M Term Loan in whole or in part, at any time, without being subject to a prepayment fee. 
 The Operating Partnership has the option to increase the M Term Loan to million, subject to certain conditions including obtaining commitments from any one or more lenders, whether or not currently party to the term loan agreement, to provide such increased amounts. The Operating Partnership is permitted to prepay the M Term Loan in whole or in part, without premium or penalty. 
 The Operating Partnership is permitted to prepay the M Term Loan in whole or in part, at any time, without premium or penalty. 
 The unsecured term loan agreements contain representations, financial and other affirmative and negative covenants and events of default that are substantially similar to those contained in the Credit Agreement. The unsecured term loan agreements all rank pari passu with the Operating Partnership s Revolving Facility and other unsecured indebtedness of the Operating Partnership. 
 The Third Amendment also applied the Leverage Toggle and adjustment to the sustainability-linked pricing provisions to the M Term Loan. 
 In addition, subsequent to September 30, 2024, the Operating Partnership entered into the Second Amendment (the Second Amendment to the term loan agreement related to the M Term Loan that extended the maturity date of the M Term Loan to October 24, 2027 with the option to extend such maturity date by period at the Company s election, subject to the payment of an extension fee and certain other customary conditions. In conjunction with the Second Amendment, the M Term Loan will be priced on a ratings-based pricing grid with the interest rate equal to (x) a margin ranging from to or (y) a base rate plus a margin ranging from to and includes the same Leverage Toggle for determining pricing and sustainability-linked pricing provisions as described above for the Third Amendment to the Amended Credit Agreement. 
 Debt Issuance Costs 
 Debt issuance costs are amortized over the terms of the respective loan agreements. 
 
 24 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total unamortized debt discounts, premiums and hedge instruments 
 Unamortized hedge instruments Total unamortized debt discounts, premiums and hedge instruments Unamortized hedge instruments (included in accumulated other comprehensive income) ) Fair value of variable interest rate swaps ) Unamortized discounts and premiums, net 
 Fair Value of Fixed and Variable Rate Debt 
 As of September 30, 2024, the estimated fair value of fixed rate debt was billion compared to the book value of billion. The fair value was estimated using Level 2 and 3 inputs with cash flows discounted at current borrowing rates for similar instruments, which ranged from to . As of September 30, 2024, the estimated fair value of variable rate debt was million compared to the book value of million. The fair value was estimated using Level 2 and 3 inputs with cash flows discounted at current borrowing rates for similar instruments, which ranged from to . 
 
 NOTE 8. 
 25 

SOFR 12/1/2022 10/24/2025 Cash Flow SOFR 8/1/2022 8/1/2025 Cash Flow SOFR 11/22/2023 8/1/2025 Cash Flow SOFR 8/15/2022 7/17/2024 Cash Flow SOFR 8/15/2022 7/17/2026 Fair Value (2) 
 SOFR SOFR + 
 4/23/2021 9/10/2025 ) ) Forward-Starting 
 Cash Flow (3) 
 SOFR 6/28/2024 6/28/2034 ) 
 (1) Derivatives in an asset position are included within Prepaid and other assets and derivatives in a liability position are included within Accounts payable and accrued expenses in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) The derivative agreements swap a blended fixed rate of for a blended floating rate of three-month SOFR plus . 
 (3) The forward-starting interest rate swaps were terminated in conjunction with the issuance of the Notes Due 2034. 
 In August 2024, we entered into intraday interest rate lock agreements with notional amounts totaling million that fixed the interest rate on a portion of the Notes Due 2031, which were issued in August 2024, at . We paid million upon termination, which is included as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and is being reclassified as an increase to interest expense over the term of the debt. 
 In December 2023, we entered into forward-starting interest rate swap agreements with notional amounts totaling million that swap a floating rate of compound SOFR for a fixed rate of with an effective date of June 28, 2024 and a maturity date of June 28, 2034. These interest rate swaps fixed the interest rate on a portion of the Notes Due 2034, which were issued in January 2024, and were subsequently terminated upon issuance of the Notes Due 2034. We received million upon termination, which is included as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and is being reclassified as a reduction to interest expense over the term of the debt. 
 In October 2022, we terminated forward-starting interest rate swaps with notional amounts totaling million and a maturity date of June 1, 2032 and received million upon termination. This settlement is included as a component of Accumulated other comprehensive income in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and is being reclassified to earnings over time as the hedged items are recognized in earnings. During the year ended December 31, 2023, we accelerated the reclassification of million in accumulated other comprehensive income as a reduction to interest expense as a result of a portion of the hedged forecasted transaction becoming probable not to occur. In January 2024, we completed a public offering of the Notes Due 2034. The remaining balance in accumulated other comprehensive income is being reclassified as a reduction to interest expense over the term of the debt. 
 These interest rate derivative agreements are the only assets or liabilities that we record at fair value on a recurring basis. The valuation of these assets and liabilities is determined using widely accepted techniques including discounted cash flow analysis. These techniques consider the contractual terms of the derivatives (including the period to maturity) and use observable market-based inputs such as interest rate curves and implied volatilities. We also incorporate credit valuation adjustments into the fair value measurements to reflect nonperformance risk on both our part and that of the respective counterparties. 
 We have determined that the majority of the inputs used to value our derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, although the credit valuation adjustments associated with our derivatives use Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads to evaluate the likelihood of default by us and our counterparties. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of our derivative positions and determined that the credit valuation adjustments were not significant to the overall valuation of our 
 26 

million and million was reclassified as a reduction to interest expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Approximately million and million was reclassified as a reduction to interest expense during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As interest payments on our derivatives are made over the next 12 months, we estimate the decrease to interest expense to be approximately million, assuming the current SOFR curve. 
 Unrealized gains and losses on our interest rate derivative agreements are the only components of the change in accumulated other comprehensive income. 
 
 NOTE 9. 
 per common share and Common Unit for the third quarter of 2024. This distribution was paid on October 16, 2024 to common shareholders and common unitholders of record as of October 9, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we declared cash distributions totaling per common share and Common Unit. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we declared cash distributions of and per common share and Common Unit, respectively. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 The Company has an existing share repurchase program under which it may repurchase, from time to time, up to a maximum of million of its common shares (the Share Repurchase Program ). The Company intends to fund any future repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program with cash on hand or availability under the Revolving Facility, subject to any applicable restrictions. The timing of share repurchases and the number of common shares to be repurchased under the Share Repurchase Program will depend upon prevailing market conditions, regulatory requirements and other factors. In February 2024, the Company extended the Share Repurchase Program for an additional year to February 28, 2025, if not terminated or extended prior to that date. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has t repurchased any shares under the Share Repurchase Program. 
 
 NOTE 10. 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 27 

Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Effect of dilutive securities: AO LTIP Units Deferred common share units Exchangeable Notes Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted Net income (loss) per common share basic ) Net income (loss) per common share diluted ) 
 Due to the net loss allocable to common shareholders and common unitholders for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, securities had a dilutive impact for that period. 
 
 NOTE 11. 
 million construction loan associated with the development of the Embassy Suites at the University of Notre Dame, consistent with our ownership interest. Our portion of the repayment guaranty was limited to million, and the guaranty s term was through July 1, 2024, the maturity date of the construction loan. In July 2024, the joint venture repaid the construction loan and we contributed million representing our share of the debt repaid. 
 In 2021, we provided repayment and completion guaranties on loans totaling million associated with the development of The Corner mixed-use project in the Indianapolis MSA. As of September 30, 2024, the outstanding balance of the loans was million, of which our share was million. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 We are not subject to any material litigation nor, to management s knowledge, is any material litigation currently threatened against us. We are parties to routine litigation, claims, and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Management believes that such matters will not have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows taken as a whole. 
 
 NOTE 12. 
 M Term Loan. See Note 7 to the consolidated financial statements for further details. 
 28 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the accompanying historical financial statements and related notes thereto. In this discussion, unless the context suggests otherwise, references to our Company, we, us, and our mean Kite Realty Group Trust and its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including Kite Realty Group, L.P. 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, together with other statements and information publicly disseminated by us, contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Such statements are based on assumptions and expectations that may not be realized and are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors, many of which cannot be predicted with accuracy and some of which might not even be anticipated. Future events and actual results, performance, transactions or achievements, financial or otherwise, may differ materially from the results, performance, transactions or achievements, financial or otherwise, expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 Risks, uncertainties and other factors that might cause such differences, some of which could be material, include but are not limited to: 
 economic, business, banking, real estate and other market conditions, particularly in connection with low or negative growth in the U.S. economy as well as economic uncertainty (including a potential economic slowdown or recession, rising interest rates, inflation, unemployment, or limited growth in consumer income or spending); 
 financing risks, including the availability of, and costs associated with, sources of liquidity; 
 our ability to refinance, or extend the maturity dates of, our indebtedness; 
 the level and volatility of interest rates; 
 the financial stability of our tenants; 
 the competitive environment in which we operate, including potential oversupplies of, or a reduction in demand for, rental space; 
 acquisition, disposition, development and joint venture risks; 
 property ownership and management risks, including the relative illiquidity of real estate investments, and expenses, vacancies or the inability to rent space on favorable terms or at all; 
 our ability to maintain our status as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes; 
 potential environmental and other liabilities; 
 impairment in the value of real estate property we own; 
 the attractiveness of our properties to tenants, the actual and perceived impact of e-commerce on the value of shopping center assets, and changing demographics and customer traffic patterns; 
 business continuity disruptions and a deterioration in our tenants ability to operate in affected areas or delays in the supply of products or services to us or our tenants from vendors that are needed to operate efficiently, causing costs to rise sharply and inventory to fall; 
 risks related to our current geographical concentration of properties in the states of Texas, Florida, and North Carolina and the metropolitan statistical areas MSAs of New York, Atlanta, Seattle, Chicago, and Washington, D.C.; 
 civil unrest, acts of violence, terrorism or war, acts of God, climate change, epidemics, pandemics, natural disasters and severe weather conditions, including such events that may result in underinsured or uninsured losses or other increased costs and expenses; 
 29 

changes in laws and government regulations including governmental orders affecting the use of our properties or the ability of our tenants to operate, and the costs of complying with such changed laws and government regulations; 
 possible short-term or long-term changes in consumer behavior due to COVID-19 and the fear of future pandemics; 
 our ability to satisfy environmental, social or governance standards set by various constituencies; 
 insurance costs and coverage, especially in Florida and Texas coastal areas; 
 risks associated with cybersecurity attacks and the loss of confidential information and other business disruptions; 
 other factors affecting the real estate industry generally; and 
 other risks identified in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and, from time to time, in other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or in other documents that we publicly disseminate, including, in particular, the section titled Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 
 
 Overview 
 Our Business and Properties 
 Kite Realty Group Trust is a publicly held REIT that, through its majority-owned subsidiary, Kite Realty Group, L.P., owns interests in various operating subsidiaries and joint ventures engaged in the ownership, operation, acquisition, development, and redevelopment of high-quality, open-air shopping centers and mixed-use assets that are primarily grocery-anchored and located in high-growth Sun Belt and select strategic gateway markets in the United States. We derive our revenue primarily from the collection of contractual rents and reimbursement payments from tenants under existing lease agreements at each of our properties. Therefore, our operating results depend materially on, among other things, the ability of our tenants to make required lease payments, the health and resilience of the U.S. retail sector, interest rate volatility, stability in the banking sector, job growth, the real estate market, and overall economic conditions. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we owned interests in 179 operating retail properties totaling approximately 27.7 million square feet, excluding one operating retail property classified as held for sale as of September 30, 2024, and one office property with 0.3 million square feet. Of the 179 operating retail properties, 10 contain an office component. We also owned three development projects under construction as of this date and an additional two properties with future redevelopment opportunities. 
 Inflation 
 Many of our leases contain provisions designed to mitigate the adverse impact of inflation, including annual rent increases and requirements for tenants to pay a share of operating expenses, including common area maintenance, real estate taxes, insurance or other operating expenses related to the maintenance of our properties, with escalation clauses in most leases. Over the last year, we have made significant progress in executing leases that include higher fixed-rent bumps while also including CPI-based, anti-gouging protection for tenants. However, the stated rent increases or limits on such tenant s obligation to pay its share of operating expenses could be lower than the increase in inflation at any given time. Inflation may also increase labor or other general and administrative expenses, which cannot be easily reduced. 
 Historically, economic indicators such as GDP growth, consumer confidence and employment have been correlated with demand for certain of our tenants products and services. If an economic recession returns, it could, among other impacts, (i) increase the number of our tenants that are unable to meet their lease obligations to us and (ii) limit the demand for space in our properties from new tenants. 
 Operating Activity 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we executed new and renewal leases on 205 individual spaces totaling 1,651,986 square feet (11.1 cash leasing spread on 155 comparable leases). New leases were signed on 63 individual spaces for 284,580 square feet of gross leasable area GLA (24.9 cash leasing spread on 35 comparable leases), while non-option renewal leases were 
 30 

signed on 81 individual spaces for 477,515 square feet of GLA (11.9 cash leasing spread on 59 comparable leases) and option renewals were signed on 61 individual spaces for 889,891 square feet of GLA (7.7 cash leasing spread). The blended cash spread for comparable new and non-option renewal leases was 16.7 . Comparable new and renewal leases are defined as those for which the space was occupied by a tenant within the last 12 months. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The comparability of results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 is affected by our development, redevelopment, and operating property acquisition and disposition activities during these periods. Therefore, we believe it is most useful to review the comparisons of our results of operations for these periods in conjunction with the discussion of our activities during those periods, which is set forth below. 
 Acquisitions 
 The following operating properties were acquired during the period from January 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024: 
 Property Name MSA Acquisition Date GLA Prestonwood Place Dallas/Ft. Worth September 22, 2023 155,975 Parkside West Cobb Atlanta August 30, 2024 141,627 
 Dispositions 
 The following operating and other properties were sold during the period from January 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024: 
 Property Name MSA Disposition Date GLA Kingwood Commons Houston May 8, 2023 158,172 Pan Am Plaza Garage Indianapolis June 8, 2023 Reisterstown Road Plaza Baltimore September 11, 2023 376,683 Eastside Dallas/Ft. Worth October 24, 2023 43,640 Ashland Roosevelt Chicago May 31, 2024 104,176 
 In addition, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the joint venture that owned Glendale Center Apartments, of which we have an 11.5 ownership interest, sold the 267-unit property to a third party. Glendale Center Apartments is adjacent to our Glendale Town Center operating retail property in the Indianapolis MSA. 
 Development and Redevelopment Projects 
 The following properties were under active development or redevelopment at various times during the period from January 1, 2023 through September 30, 2024 and removed from our operating portfolio: 
 Project Name MSA Transition to 
 Development or Redevelopment 1) 
 Transition to Operating Portfolio GLA Active Projects Carillon MOB (2) 
 Washington, D.C. October 2021 Pending 126,000 The Corner IN (2) 
 Indianapolis December 2015 Pending 24,000 One Loudoun Expansion (3) 
 Washington, D.C. September 2024 Pending 119,000 Future Opportunities Hamilton Crossing Centre (2)(4) 
 Indianapolis June 2014 Pending 92,283 Edwards Multiplex Ontario (2) 
 Los Angeles March 2023 Pending 124,614 Completed Projects The Landing at Tradition Phase II Port St. Lucie, FL September 2021 June 2023 39,900 
 31 

(1) Transition date represents the date the property was transferred from our operating portfolio into redevelopment status. For legacy Retail Properties of America, Inc. RPAI projects, the transition date represents the later of the date of the closing of the merger (October 2021) and the date the project was transferred into redevelopment status. 
 (2) This property has been identified as a redevelopment property and is not included in the operating portfolio or the same property pool. The redevelopment projects at Hamilton Crossing Centre and The Corner IN will include the creation of a mixed-used development. 
 (3) The property is comprised of the development project (which has been excluded from the Company s same property pool due to the ongoing development) and the remaining retail operating portion of the property (which is included in the Company s same property pool as of September 30, 2024). 
 (4) Approximately half of the Hamilton Crossing site was sold in January 2022 to Republic Airways, Inc. In addition to the sale, the Company entered into a development and construction management agreement for the development of a corporate campus for Republic Airways. Phase I of the corporate campus was completed in 2023. 
 Comparison of Operating Results for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table reflects changes in the components of our consolidated statements of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands) : 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Revenue: Rental income 204,934 203,990 944 Other property-related revenue 1,864 2,172 (308) Fee income 455 1,057 (602) Total revenue 207,253 207,219 34 Expenses: Property operating 27,756 27,644 112 Real estate taxes 25,220 26,453 (1,233) General, administrative and other 13,259 13,917 (658) Depreciation and amortization 96,656 105,930 (9,274) Impairment charges 477 (477) Total expenses 162,891 174,421 (11,530) Gain (loss) on sales of operating properties, net 602 (5,972) 6,574 Operating income 44,964 26,826 18,138 Other (expense) income: Interest expense (31,640) (25,484) (6,156) Income tax expense of taxable REIT subsidiaries (35) (68) 33 Equity in loss of unconsolidated subsidiaries (607) (47) (560) Other income, net 4,371 950 3,421 Net income 17,053 2,177 14,876 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests (324) (107) (217) Net income attributable to common shareholders 16,729 2,070 14,659 
 Property operating expense to total revenue ratio 13.4 13.3 
 32 

Rental income (including tenant reimbursements) increased 0.9 million, or 0.5 , due to the following (in thousands) : 
 Net Change 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 to 2024 
 Properties or components of properties sold or held for sale during 2023 and/or 2024 (4,153) Properties under redevelopment or acquired during 2023 and/or 2024 2,397 Properties fully operational during 2023 and 2024 and other 2,700 Total 944 
 The net increase of 2.7 million in rental income for properties that were fully operational during 2023 and 2024 is primarily due to increases in the following: (i) base minimum rent of 2.8 million due to contractual rent changes, (ii) tenant reimbursements of 1.0 million due to higher recoverable common area maintenance expenses, and (iii) lease termination income of 0.6 million. These variances were partially offset by an increase in bad debt expense of 1.2 million and a decrease in overage rent of 0.5 million. The occupancy of the fully operational properties increased from 91.5 for the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 91.7 for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Other property-related revenue primarily consists of parking revenues, gains on the sale of land and other miscellaneous activity. This revenue decreased by 0.3 million primarily as a result of lower gains on sales of land recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by an increase in miscellaneous income of 0.3 million. 
 We recorded fee income of 0.5 million and 1.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, from property management and development services provided to third parties and unconsolidated joint ventures. The decrease in fee income is primarily related to a decrease in development fees earned related to the development of a corporate campus for Republic Airways at Hamilton Crossing Centre. 
 Property operating expenses increased 0.1 million, or 0.4 , due to the following (in thousands) : 
 Net Change 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 to 2024 
 Properties or components of properties sold or held for sale during 2023 and/or 2024 (471) Properties under redevelopment or acquired during 2023 and/or 2024 241 Properties fully operational during 2023 and 2024 and other 342 Total 112 
 The net increase of 0.3 million in property operating expenses for properties that were fully operational during 2023 and 2024 is primarily due to increases in insurance expenses of 1.0 million and landscaping and repairs and maintenance expenses of 0.6 million, partially offset by decreases in non-recoverable expenses of 0.8 million and utilities of 0.4 million. As a percentage of revenue, property operating expenses increased from 13.3 to 13.4 due to an increase in expenses in 2024. 
 Real estate taxes decreased 1.2 million, or 4.7 , due to the following (in thousands) : 
 Net Change 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 to 2024 
 Properties or components of properties sold or held for sale during 2023 and/or 2024 (514) Properties under redevelopment or acquired during 2023 and/or 2024 192 Properties fully operational during 2023 and 2024 and other (911) Total (1,233) 
 The net decrease of 0.9 million in real estate taxes for properties that were fully operational during 2023 and 2024 is primarily due to (i) lower expected real estate tax assessments at certain properties in the portfolio in 2024, (ii) an increase in real estate tax refunds received during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and (iii) higher capitalized real estate tax expenses related to signed anchor leases at certain properties in the portfolio in 2024. The majority of real estate tax expense is 
 33 

recoverable from tenants and such recovery is reflected within Rental income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 General, administrative and other expenses decreased 0.7 million, or 4.7 , primarily due to lower compensation expense and a decrease in consulting fees in 2024. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 9.3 million, or 8.8 , due to the following (in thousands) : 
 Net Change 
 Three Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 to 2024 
 Properties or components of properties sold or held for sale during 2023 and/or 2024 (3,404) Properties under redevelopment or acquired during 2023 and/or 2024 1,341 Properties fully operational during 2023 and 2024 and other (7,211) Total (9,274) 
 The net decrease of 7.2 million in depreciation and amortization at properties that were fully operational during 2023 and 2024 is primarily due to the timing of placing assets in service and writing-off tenant-related assets as a result of tenant move-outs along with certain assets acquired in the October 2021 merger with RPAI that became fully depreciated during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Based on the results of our evaluations for impairment during the three months ended September 30, 2023 (see Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements), we recognized a 0.5 million impairment charge on Eastside, a retail operating property in the Dallas/Ft. Worth MSA that was sold on October 24, 2023. No impairment charges were recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 We recorded a net gain on sales of operating properties of 0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 as a result of the receipt of an escrow related to the disposition of Reisterstown Road Plaza that previously closed on September 11, 2023. We recorded a net loss on sales of operating properties of 6.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 on the sale of Reisterstown Road Plaza. 
 Interest expense increased 6.2 million, or 24.2 , primarily due to interest on the January 2024 public offering of 350.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.50 senior unsecured notes due 2034 (the Notes Due 2034 and the August 2024 public offering of 350.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 4.95 senior unsecured notes due 2031 (the Notes Due 2031 ). 
 Other income, net increased 3.4 million primarily due to interest income earned on the proceeds from the Notes Due 2031, which were invested in short-term deposits during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 34 

Comparison of Operating Results for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 The following table reflects changes in the components of our consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands) : 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Revenue: Rental income 616,583 612,889 3,694 Other property-related revenue 6,321 5,971 350 Fee income 4,222 3,868 354 Total revenue 627,126 622,728 4,398 Expenses: Property operating 84,401 82,190 2,211 Real estate taxes 78,247 80,333 (2,086) General, administrative and other 39,009 41,800 (2,791) Depreciation and amortization 296,326 323,463 (27,137) Impairment charges 66,201 477 65,724 Total expenses 564,184 528,263 35,921 (Loss) gain on sales of operating properties, net (864) 22,468 (23,332) Operating income 62,078 116,933 (54,855) Other (expense) income: Interest expense (92,985) (78,114) (14,871) Income tax expense of taxable REIT subsidiaries (325) (84) (241) Equity in loss of unconsolidated subsidiaries (1,201) (173) (1,028) Gain on sale of unconsolidated property, net 2,325 2,325 Other income, net 12,294 1,657 10,637 Net (loss) income (17,814) 40,219 (58,033) Net loss (income) attributable to noncontrolling interests 61 (700) 761 Net (loss) income attributable to common shareholders (17,753) 39,519 (57,272) 
 Property operating expense to total revenue ratio 13.5 13.2 
 Rental income (including tenant reimbursements) increased 3.7 million, or 0.6 , due to the following (in thousands) : 
 Net Change 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 to 2024 
 Properties or components of properties sold or held for sale during 2023 and/or 2024 (12,735) Properties under redevelopment or acquired during 2023 and/or 2024 7,414 Properties fully operational during 2023 and 2024 and other 9,015 Total 3,694 
 The net increase of 9.0 million in rental income for properties that were fully operational during 2023 and 2024 is primarily due to increases in the following: (i) base minimum rent of 5.1 million due to contractual rent changes, (ii) tenant reimbursements of 5.1 million due to higher recoverable common area maintenance expenses, and (iii) ancillary income of 1.0 million. These variances were partially offset by an increase in bad debt expense of 1.2 million and decreases in lease termination income of 0.7 million and overage rent of 0.3 million. 
 Other property-related revenue primarily consists of parking revenues, gains on the sale of land and other miscellaneous activity. This revenue increased by 0.4 million primarily as a result of higher gains on sales of land recognized during the nine 
 35 

months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by decreases in miscellaneous income of 0.4 million and parking revenue of 0.4 million. 
 We recorded fee income of 4.2 million and 3.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, from property management and development services provided to third parties and unconsolidated joint ventures. The increase in fee income is primarily related to development fees earned related to the development of a hotel on the Pan Am Plaza site during 2024, partially offset by a decrease in development fees earned related to the development of a corporate campus for Republic Airways at Hamilton Crossing Centre in 2024 due to the completion of Phase I of the corporate campus in 2023. 
 Property operating expenses increased 2.2 million, or 2.7 , due to the following (in thousands) : 
 Net Change 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 to 2024 
 Properties or components of properties sold or held for sale during 2023 and/or 2024 (2,656) Properties under redevelopment or acquired during 2023 and/or 2024 834 Properties fully operational during 2023 and 2024 and other 4,033 Total 2,211 
 The net increase of 4.0 million in property operating expenses for properties that were fully operational during 2023 and 2024 is primarily due to increases in the following: (i) 2.0 million in insurance expenses, (ii) 1.9 million in landscaping and repairs and maintenance expenses, (iii) 0.4 million in non-recoverable operating expenses, and (iv) 0.3 million in security expenses. These variances were partially offset by a decrease in utilities of 0.6 million. As a percentage of revenue, property operating expenses increased from 13.2 to 13.5 due to an increase in expenses in 2024. 
 Real estate taxes decreased 2.1 million, or 2.6 , due to the following (in thousands) : 
 Net Change 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 to 2024 
 Properties or components of properties sold or held for sale during 2023 and/or 2024 (1,659) Properties under redevelopment or acquired during 2023 and/or 2024 588 Properties fully operational during 2023 and 2024 and other (1,015) Total (2,086) 
 The net decrease of 1.0 million in real estate taxes for properties that were fully operational during 2023 and 2024 is primarily due to lower expected real estate tax assessments at certain properties in the portfolio in 2024 and higher capitalized real estate tax expenses related to signed anchor leases at certain properties in the portfolio in 2024. The majority of real estate tax expense is recoverable from tenants and such recovery is reflected within Rental income in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive income. 
 General, administrative and other expenses decreased 2.8 million, or 6.7 , primarily due to lower compensation expense and a decrease in consulting fees in 2024. 
 Depreciation and amortization expense decreased 27.1 million, or 8.4 , due to the following (in thousands) : 
 Net Change 
 Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2023 to 2024 
 Properties or components of properties sold or held for sale during 2023 and/or 2024 (8,585) Properties under redevelopment or acquired during 2023 and/or 2024 4,118 Properties fully operational during 2023 and 2024 and other (22,670) Total (27,137) 
 36 

The net decrease of 22.7 million in depreciation and amortization at properties that were fully operational during 2023 and 2024 is primarily due to the timing of placing assets in service and writing-off tenant-related assets as a result of tenant move-outs along with certain assets acquired in the October 2021 merger with RPAI that became fully depreciated during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Based on a reduction in the expected future hold period (see Note 4 to the accompanying consolidated financial statements), we recorded a 66.2 million impairment charge during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to City Center, a retail operating property in the New York MSA. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded a 0.5 million impairment charge on Eastside, a retail operating property in the Dallas/Ft. Worth MSA that was sold on October 24, 2023. 
 We recorded a net loss on sales of operating properties of 0.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily on the sale of Ashland Roosevelt, which loss was offset by the receipt of a 0.6 million escrow related to the sale of Reisterstown Road Plaza that previously closed on September 11, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recorded a net gain on sales of operating properties of 22.5 million on the sale of Kingwood Commons, the undeveloped land and related parking garage at Pan Am Plaza, and Reisterstown Road Plaza. 
 Interest expense increased 14.9 million, or 19.0 , primarily due to interest on the Notes Due 2034 and the Notes Due 2031, partially offset by favorable interest rate swaps. 
 The 2.3 million gain on sale of unconsolidated property represents our share of the gain on the sale of Glendale Center Apartments recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. No such gain was recorded during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Other income, net increased 10.6 million primarily due to interest income earned on the proceeds from the Notes Due 2034 and the Notes Due 2031, which were invested in short-term deposits at various points during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Net Operating Income and Same Property Net Operating Income 
 We use property net operating income NOI ), a non-GAAP financial measure, to evaluate the performance of our properties. We define NOI as income from our real estate, including lease termination fees received from tenants, less our property operating expenses. NOI excludes amortization of capitalized tenant improvement costs and leasing commissions and certain corporate level expenses, including merger and acquisition costs. We believe that NOI is helpful to investors as a measure of our operating performance because it excludes various items included in net income that do not relate to or are not indicative of our operating performance, such as depreciation and amortization, interest expense, and impairment, if any. 
 We also use same property NOI Same Property NOI ), a non-GAAP financial measure, to evaluate the performance of our properties. Same Property NOI is net income excluding properties that have not been owned for the full periods presented. Same Property NOI also excludes (i) net gains from outlot sales, (ii) straight-line rent revenue, (iii) lease termination income in excess of lost rent, (iv) amortization of lease intangibles, and (v) significant prior period expense recoveries and adjustments, if any. When we receive payments in excess of any accounts receivable for terminating a lease, Same Property NOI will include such excess payments as monthly rent until the earlier of the expiration of 12 months or the start date of a replacement tenant. We believe that Same Property NOI is helpful to investors as a measure of our operating performance because it includes only the NOI of properties that have been owned for the full periods presented. We believe such presentation eliminates disparities in net income due to the acquisition or disposition of properties during the particular periods presented, and thus provides a more consistent metric for the comparison of our properties. Same Property NOI includes the results of properties that have been owned for the entire current and prior year reporting periods. 
 NOI and Same Property NOI should not, however, be considered as alternatives to net income (calculated in accordance with GAAP) as indicators of our financial performance. Our computation of NOI and Same Property NOI may differ from the methodology used by other REITs and, therefore, may not be comparable to such other REITs. 
 When evaluating the properties that are included in the same property pool, we have established specific criteria for determining the inclusion of properties acquired or those recently under development. An acquired property is included in the same property pool when there is a full quarter of operations in both years subsequent to the acquisition date. Development and redevelopment properties are included in the same property pool four full quarters after the properties have been transferred to the operating portfolio. A redevelopment property is first excluded from the same property pool when the execution of a 
 37 

redevelopment plan is likely, and we (a) begin recapturing space from tenants or (b) the contemplated plan significantly impacts the operations of the property. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the same property pool excludes the following: 
 properties acquired or placed in service during 2023 and 2024; 
 The Landing at Tradition Phase II, which was reclassified from active redevelopment into our operating portfolio in June 2023; 
 our active development and redevelopment projects at Carillon medical office building, The Corner IN, and One Loudoun Expansion; 
 Hamilton Crossing Centre and Edwards Multiplex Ontario, which were reclassified from our operating portfolio into redevelopment in June 2014 and March 2023, respectively; 
 properties sold or classified as held for sale during 2023 and 2024; and 
 office properties. 
 The following table presents Same Property NOI and a reconciliation to net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands) : 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Number of properties in same property pool for the period (1) 
 177 177 177 177 
 Leased percentage at period end 95.0 93.4 95.0 93.4 Economic occupancy percentage at period end 92.3 91.2 92.3 91.2 Economic occupancy percentage (2) 
 91.7 91.5 91.4 92.2 
 Same Property NOI 145,281 141,117 3.0 429,745 419,674 2.4 Reconciliation of Same Property NOI to most 
 directly comparable GAAP measure: 
 Net operating income same properties 145,281 141,117 429,745 419,674 Net operating income non-same activity (3) 
 8,541 10,948 30,511 36,663 Total property NOI 153,822 152,065 1.2 460,256 456,337 0.9 Other income, net 4,184 1,892 14,990 5,268 General, administrative and other (13,259) (13,917) (39,009) (41,800) Impairment charges (477) (66,201) (477) Depreciation and amortization (96,656) (105,930) (296,326) (323,463) Interest expense (31,640) (25,484) (92,985) (78,114) Gain (loss) on sales of operating properties, net 602 (5,972) (864) 22,468 Gain on sale of unconsolidated property, net 2,325 Net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 (324) (107) 61 (700) Net income (loss) attributable to common shareholders 
 16,729 2,070 (17,753) 39,519 
 (1) Same Property NOI excludes the following: (i) properties acquired or placed in service during 2023 and 2024; (ii) The Landing at Tradition Phase II, which was reclassified from active redevelopment into our operating portfolio in June 2023; (iii) our active development and redevelopment projects at Carillon medical office building, The Corner IN, and One Loudoun Expansion; (iv) Hamilton Crossing Centre and Edwards Multiplex Ontario, which were reclassified from our operating portfolio into redevelopment in June 2014 and March 2023, respectively; (v) properties sold or classified as held for sale during 2023 and 2024; and (vi) office properties. 
 (2) Excludes leases that are signed but for which tenants have not yet commenced the payment of cash rent; calculated as a weighted average based on the timing of cash rent commencement and expiration during the period. 
 (3) Includes non-cash activity across the portfolio as well as NOI from properties not included in the same property pool, including properties sold during both periods. 
 38 

Our Same Property NOI increased 3.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period of the prior year primarily due to contractual rent growth, partially offset by higher bad debt expense. 
 
 Funds From Operations 
 Funds From Operations FFO is a widely used performance measure for real estate companies and is provided here as a supplemental measure of our operating performance. We calculate FFO, a non-GAAP financial measure, in accordance with the best practices described in the April 2002 National Policy Bulletin of the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts NAREIT ), as restated in 2018. The NAREIT white paper defines FFO as net income (calculated in accordance with GAAP), excluding (i) depreciation and amortization related to real estate, (ii) gains and losses from the sale of certain real estate assets, (iii) gains and losses from change in control, and (iv) impairment write-downs of certain real estate assets and investments in entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of depreciable real estate held by the entity. 
 Considering the nature of our business as a real estate owner and operator, the Company believes that FFO is helpful to investors in measuring our operational performance because it excludes various items included in net income that do not relate to or are not indicative of our operating performance, such as gains or losses from sales of depreciated property and depreciation and amortization, which can make periodic and peer analyses of operating performance more difficult. FFO (a) should not be considered as an alternative to net income (calculated in accordance with GAAP) for the purpose of measuring our financial performance, (b) is not an alternative to cash flows from operating activities (calculated in accordance with GAAP) as a measure of our liquidity, and (c) is not indicative of funds available to satisfy our cash needs, including our ability to make distributions. Our computation of FFO may not be comparable to FFO reported by other REITs that do not define the term in accordance with the current NAREIT definition or that interpret the current NAREIT definition differently than we do. 
 From time to time, the Company may report or provide guidance with respect to FFO, as adjusted, which removes the impact of certain non-recurring and non-operating transactions or other items the Company does not consider to be representative of its core operating results including, without limitation, (i) gains or losses associated with the early extinguishment of debt, (ii) gains or losses associated with litigation involving the Company that is not in the normal course of business, (iii) merger and acquisition costs, (iv) the impact on earnings from employee severance, (v) the excess of redemption value over carrying value of preferred stock redemption, and (vi) the impact of prior period bad debt or the collection of accounts receivable previously written off prior period collection impact due to the recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, which are not otherwise adjusted in the Company s calculation of FFO. 
 In the FFO per share metrics, the Company excludes the dilutive effect of shares issuable upon the conversion of the Company s 0.75 exchangeable senior notes maturing in April 2027 (the Exchangeable Notes from the diluted weighted average number of common shares and units outstanding as a result of the Company s capped call that was entered into concurrently with the issuance of the Exchangeable Notes. The potential dilutive effect of the Exchangeable Notes under the if-converted method is an increase to the diluted weighted average number of common shares and units of 117,454 common shares for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The capped call purchased by the Company offsets this dilution up to a capped price that is currently more than the Company s share price. Both items have been excluded to reflect that there is no economic dilution to shareholders and unitholders based upon the Company s current share price. 
 For purposes of the net income per share metrics, the conversion feature of the Exchangeable Notes and the capped call are required to be considered independently. Therefore, the capped call has been excluded from the calculation of net income per share as it is anti-dilutive. 
 39 

Our calculations of FFO and reconciliation to net income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) are as follows (dollars in thousands) : 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) 17,053 2,177 (17,814) 40,219 Less: net income attributable to noncontrolling interests in properties (63) (67) (204) (201) Less/add: (gain) loss on sales of operating properties, net (602) 5,972 864 (22,468) Less: gain on sale of unconsolidated property, net (2,325) Add: impairment charges 477 66,201 477 Add: depreciation and amortization of consolidated and 
 unconsolidated entities, net of noncontrolling interests 
 97,538 106,171 297,531 324,216 FFO of the Operating Partnership (1) 
 113,926 114,730 344,253 342,243 Less: Limited Partners interests in FFO (1,971) (1,685) (5,739) (4,739) FFO attributable to common shareholders (1) 
 111,955 113,045 338,514 337,504 FFO per share of the Operating Partnership diluted 0.51 0.51 1.54 1.54 
 (1) FFO of the Operating Partnership measures 100 of the operating performance of the Operating Partnership s real estate properties. FFO attributable to common shareholders reflects a reduction for the redeemable noncontrolling weighted average diluted interest in the Operating Partnership. 
 
 Earnings before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization EBITDA 
 We define EBITDA, a non-GAAP financial measure, as net income before interest expense, income tax expense of the taxable REIT subsidiaries, and depreciation and amortization. For informational purposes, we also provide Adjusted EBITDA, which we define as EBITDA less (i) EBITDA from unconsolidated entities, as adjusted, (ii) gains on sales of operating properties or impairment charges, (iii) merger and acquisition costs, (iv) other income and expense, (v) noncontrolling interest Adjusted EBITDA, and (vi) other non-recurring activity or items impacting comparability from period to period. Annualized Adjusted EBITDA is Adjusted EBITDA for the most recent quarter multiplied by four. Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA is our share of net debt divided by Annualized Adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, Annualized Adjusted EBITDA and Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA, as calculated by us, are not comparable to EBITDA and EBITDA-related measures reported by other REITs that do not define EBITDA and EBITDA-related measures exactly as we do. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Annualized Adjusted EBITDA do not represent cash generated from operating activities in accordance with GAAP and should not be considered alternatives to net income as an indicator of performance or as alternatives to cash flows from operating activities as an indicator of liquidity. 
 Considering the nature of our business as a real estate owner and operator, we believe that EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and the ratio of Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA are helpful to investors in measuring our operational performance because they exclude various items included in net income that do not relate to or are not indicative of our operating performance, such as gains or losses from sales of depreciated property and depreciation and amortization, which can make periodic and peer analyses of operating performance more difficult. For informational purposes, we also provide Annualized Adjusted EBITDA, adjusted as described above. We believe this supplemental information provides a meaningful measure of our operating performance. We believe presenting EBITDA and the related measures in this manner allows investors and other interested parties to form a more meaningful assessment of our operating results. 
 40 

The following table presents a reconciliation of our EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and Annualized Adjusted EBITDA to net income (the most directly comparable GAAP measure) and a calculation of Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA (in thousands) : 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Net income 17,053 Depreciation and amortization 96,656 Interest expense 31,640 Income tax expense of taxable REIT subsidiaries 35 EBITDA 145,384 Unconsolidated Adjusted EBITDA 597 Gain on sales of operating properties, net (602) Other income and expense, net (3,764) Noncontrolling interests (193) Adjusted EBITDA 141,422 Annualized Adjusted EBITDA (1) 
 565,688 Company share of Net Debt: Mortgage and other indebtedness, net 3,239,928 Plus: Company share of unconsolidated joint venture debt 45,353 Less: Partner share of consolidated joint venture debt (2) 
 (9,813) Less: debt discounts, premiums and issuance costs, net (10,451) Company s consolidated debt and share of unconsolidated debt 3,265,017 Less: cash, cash equivalents, restricted cash and short-term deposits (475,194) Company share of Net Debt 2,789,823 Net Debt to Adjusted EBITDA 4.9x 
 (1) Represents Adjusted EBITDA for the three months ended September 30, 2024 (as shown in the table above) multiplied by four. 
 (2) Partner share of consolidated joint venture debt is calculated based upon the partner s pro rata ownership of the joint venture, multiplied by the related secured debt balance. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Our primary finance and capital strategy is to maintain a strong balance sheet with sufficient flexibility to fund our operating and investment activities in a cost-effective manner. We consider a number of factors when evaluating our level of indebtedness and making decisions regarding additional borrowings or equity offerings, including the interest or dividend rate, the maturity date and the Company s debt maturity ladder, the impact of financial metrics such as overall Company leverage levels and coverage ratios, and the Company s ability to generate cash flow to cover debt service. We continuously monitor the capital markets and may consider raising additional capital through the issuance of our common or preferred shares, unsecured debt securities, or other securities. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 117.5 million in cash and cash equivalents on hand, 5.5 million in restricted cash and escrow deposits, 350.0 million of short-term deposits, and 1.1 billion of remaining availability under the Revolving Facility compared to 430.0 million of debt maturities due in 2025. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we completed (i) a public offering of the Notes Due 2034, the proceeds of which were used to satisfy all 2024 debt maturities and for general corporate purposes, and (ii) a public offering of the Notes Due 2031, the proceeds of which are currently invested in short-term deposits that will be used to repay the 350.0 million principal balance of the 4.00 senior unsecured notes due March 2025. We believe we will have adequate liquidity over the next 12 months and beyond to operate our business and meet our cash requirements. 
 We derive the majority of our revenue from tenants who lease space from us under existing lease agreements at each of our properties. Therefore, our ability to generate cash from operations is dependent upon the rents that we are able to charge and collect from our tenants. While we believe that the nature of the properties in which we typically invest primarily neighborhood and community shopping centers provides a relatively stable revenue flow, an economic downturn, instability 
 41 

in the banking sector, tenant bankruptcies, inflation, labor shortages, supply chain constraints, severe weather events, and/or increasing energy prices and interest rates, among other events, could adversely affect the ability of some of our tenants to meet their lease obligations. 
 Our Principal Capital Resources 
 For a discussion of cash generated from operations, see Cash Flows beginning on page 45. In addition to cash generated from operations, our other principal capital resources are discussed below. 
 Over the last several years, we have made substantial progress in enhancing our liquidity position and reducing our leverage and borrowing costs. We continue to focus on a balanced approach to growth and staggering debt maturities in order to retain our financial flexibility. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 1.1 billion available under the Revolving Facility for future borrowings. We also had 467.5 million in cash, cash equivalents and short-term deposits as of September 30, 2024. 
 We were in compliance with all applicable financial covenants under the Revolving Facility, unsecured term loans and senior unsecured notes as of September 30, 2024. 
 On June 7, 2024, the Company filed with the SEC a new shelf registration statement on Form S-3, which is effective for a term of three years, relating to the offer and sale, from time to time, of an indeterminate amount of equity and debt securities. Equity securities may be offered and sold by the Parent Company, and the net proceeds of any such offerings would be contributed to the Operating Partnership in exchange for additional General Partner Units. Debt securities may be offered and sold by the Operating Partnership with the Operating Partnership receiving the proceeds. From time to time, we may issue securities under this shelf registration statement for general corporate purposes, which may include acquisitions of additional properties, repayment of outstanding indebtedness, capital expenditures, the expansion, redevelopment, and/or improvement of properties in our portfolio, working capital and other general purposes. 
 In the future, we will continue to monitor the capital markets and may consider raising additional capital through the issuance of our common shares, preferred shares or other securities. We may also raise capital by disposing of properties, land parcels or other assets that are no longer core components of our growth strategy. The sale price may differ from our carrying value at the time of sale. 
 Our Principal Liquidity Needs 
 Short-Term Liquidity Needs 
 Near-Term Debt Maturities . As of September 30, 2024, over the next 12 months we have no secured debt, excluding scheduled monthly principal payments, and 430.0 million of unsecured debt scheduled to mature. We believe we have sufficient liquidity to repay this obligation through a combination of proceeds from the Notes Due 2031, cash flows generated from operations, capital markets transactions, and borrowings on the Revolving Facility. 
 Other Short-Term Liquidity Needs. The requirements for qualifying as a REIT and for a tax deduction for some or all of the dividends paid to shareholders necessitate that we distribute at least 90 of our taxable income on an annual basis. Such requirements cause us to have substantial liquidity needs over both the short and long term. Our short-term liquidity needs consist primarily of funds necessary to pay operating expenses associated with our operating properties, scheduled interest and principal payments on our debt of approximately 30.0 million and 1.3 million, respectively, for the remainder of 2024, expected dividend payments to our common shareholders and common unitholders, and recurring capital expenditures. 
 In July 2024, our Board of Trustees declared a cash distribution of 0.26 per common share and Common Unit for the third quarter of 2024. This distribution was paid on October 16, 2024 to common shareholders and common unitholders of record as of October 9, 2024. Future distributions, if any, are at the discretion of the Board of Trustees, who will continue to evaluate our sources and uses of capital, liquidity position, operating fundamentals, maintenance of our REIT qualification and other factors they may deem relevant. We believe we have sufficient liquidity to pay any dividend from available cash on hand and borrowings on the Revolving Facility. 
 Other short-term liquidity needs include expenditures for tenant improvements, external leasing commissions and recurring capital expenditures. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 18.8 million for recurring capital expenditures on operating properties and 73.7 million for tenant improvements and external leasing commissions, which includes costs to re-lease anchor space at our operating properties related to tenants open and operating as of September 30, 
 42 

2024 (excluding development and redevelopment properties). We currently anticipate incurring approximately 100 million of additional major tenant improvement costs related to executed leases for tenants not yet open at a number of our operating properties over the next 12 to 24 months. We believe we have the ability to fund these costs through cash flows from operations or borrowings on the Revolving Facility. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we began development activities on the retail and office portions of the expansion project at One Loudoun Downtown (the One Loudoun Expansion ), our mixed-use lifestyle center in the Washington, D.C. MSA. In addition to the One Loudoun Expansion, as of September 30, 2024, we had development projects under construction at Carillon medical office building and The Corner IN. Our share of the total estimated costs for these three projects is approximately 172.6 million to 182.6 million, of which our share of the expected funding requirement is approximately 124.7 million to 134.7 million. As of September 30, 2024, we have incurred 35.2 million of these costs. We anticipate incurring the majority of the remaining costs for these projects over the next 12 to 24 months and believe we have the ability to fund these projects through cash flows from operations or borrowings on the Revolving Facility. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 The Company has an existing share repurchase program under which it may repurchase, from time to time, up to a maximum of 300.0 million of its common shares (the Share Repurchase Program ). The Company intends to fund any future repurchases under the Share Repurchase Program with cash on hand or availability under the Revolving Facility, subject to any applicable restrictions. The timing of share repurchases and the number of common shares to be repurchased under the Share Repurchase Program will depend upon prevailing market conditions, regulatory requirements, and other factors. In February 2024, the Company extended the Share Repurchase Program for an additional year to February 28, 2025, if not terminated or extended prior to that date. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not repurchased any shares under the Share Repurchase Program. 
 Long-Term Liquidity Needs 
 Our long-term liquidity needs consist primarily of funds necessary to pay for any new development projects, redevelopment of existing properties, non-recurring capital expenditures, acquisitions of properties, payment of indebtedness at maturity and obligations under ground leases. 
 Selective Acquisitions, Developments and Joint Ventures . We may selectively pursue the acquisition, development and redevelopment of other properties, which would require additional capital. It is unlikely that we would have sufficient funds on hand to meet these long-term capital requirements; therefore, we would have to satisfy these needs through additional borrowings, sales of common or preferred shares, issuance of Operating Partnership units, cash generated through property dispositions and/or participation in joint venture arrangements. We cannot be certain that we would have access to these sources of capital on satisfactory terms, if at all, to fund our long-term liquidity requirements. We evaluate all future opportunities against pre-established criteria including, but not limited to, location, demographics, expected return, tenant credit quality, tenant relationships, and the amount of existing retail space. Our ability to access the capital markets will depend on a number of factors, including general capital market conditions. 
 Potential Debt Repurchases. We may from time to time, depending on market conditions and prices, contractual restrictions, our financial liquidity and other factors, seek to repurchase our senior unsecured notes maturing at various dates through March 2034 in open-market transactions, by tender offer or otherwise, as market conditions warrant. 
 Commitments under Ground Leases. We are obligated under 12 ground leases for approximately 98 acres of land as of September 30, 2024. Most of these ground leases require fixed annual rent payments and the expiration dates of the remaining initial terms of these ground leases range from 2025 to 2092. Assuming we exercise all available options to extend the terms of our ground leases, our ground leases will expire between 2045 and 2115. 
 43 

Capital Expenditures on Consolidated Properties 
 The following table summarizes cash capital expenditures for our development and redevelopment projects and other capital expenditures for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 (in thousands) : 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Active development and redevelopment projects 9,405 Recurring operating capital expenditures (primarily tenant improvements) and other 92,510 Total 101,915 
 We capitalize certain indirect costs such as interest, payroll, and other general and administrative costs related to these development activities. If we had experienced a 10 reduction in development and redevelopment activities without a corresponding decrease in indirect project costs, we would have recorded additional expense of 0.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Debt Maturities 
 The following table summarizes the scheduled maturities and principal amortization of the Company s indebtedness as of September 30, 2024, presented on a calendar year basis (in thousands) : 
 Secured Debt Scheduled Principal Payments Term Maturities Unsecured Debt Total 2024 1,292 1,292 2025 5,248 680,000 685,248 2026 4,581 10,600 550,000 565,181 2027 3,120 250,000 253,120 2028 3,757 100,000 103,757 Thereafter 28,091 92,788 1,500,000 1,620,879 46,089 103,388 3,080,000 3,229,477 Debt discounts, premiums and issuance costs, net 10,451 Total 3,239,928 
 Failure to comply with the obligations under our debt agreements, including payment obligations, could cause an event of default under such debt, which, among other things, could result in the loss of title to the assets securing the debt, acceleration of the payment of all principal and interest and/or termination of the agreements, or exposure to the risk of foreclosure. In addition, certain of our variable rate loans contain cross-default provisions whereby a violation by the Company of any financial covenant set forth in the Revolving Facility will constitute an Event of Default under the loans, which could allow the lenders to accelerate the amounts due under our debt agreements if we fail to satisfy these financial covenants. See Item 1A. Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for more information related to the risks associated with our indebtedness. 
 Impact of Changes in Credit Ratings on Our Liquidity 
 We have received investment grade corporate credit ratings from three nationally recognized credit rating agencies. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we received a credit rating upgrade with a stable outlook from two of the rating agencies and a positive credit rating outlook from the third rating agency. 
 In the future, these ratings could change based upon, among other things, the impact that prevailing economic conditions may have on our results of operations and financial condition. Credit rating reductions by one or more rating agencies could also adversely affect our access to funding sources, the cost and other terms of obtaining funding, as well as our overall financial condition, operating results and cash flow. 
 
 44 

Cash Flows 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash of 123.0 million. We may be subject to concentrations of credit risk with regard to our cash and cash equivalents. We place our cash and short-term investments with highly rated financial institutions. While we attempt to limit our exposure at any point in time, occasionally such cash and investments may temporarily exceed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation SIPC insurance limits. We also maintain certain compensating balances in several financial institutions in support of borrowings from those institutions. Such compensating balances were not material to the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Our cash flow activities are summarized as follows (in thousands) : 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Net cash provided by operating activities 308,049 291,177 16,872 Net cash used in investing activities (469,459) (55,483) (413,976) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 243,238 (299,350) 542,588 Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 81,828 (63,656) 145,484 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at beginning of period 41,430 121,970 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, at end of period 123,258 58,314 
 Cash provided by operating activities was 308.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 291.2 million for the same period of 2023. The cash flows were positively impacted by an increase in net operating income and interest income received from the short-term certificates of deposit. 
 Cash used in investing activities was 469.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 55.5 million for the same period of 2023. Highlights of significant cash sources and uses in investing activities are as follows: 
 We invested 615.0 million of proceeds from the Notes Due 2034 and the Notes Due 2031 in short-term certificates of deposit during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and received 265.0 million in principal upon maturity of the certificates of deposit that matured in June and July 2024; 
 We acquired Parkside West Cobb for 39.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the acquisition of Prestonwood Place for 78.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023; 
 We received net proceeds of 37.2 million from the sale of Ashland Roosevelt, five parcels of land, and the receipt of an escrow related to the disposition of Reisterstown Road Plaza during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net proceeds of 124.9 million from the sale of Kingwood Commons, the undeveloped land and related parking garage at Pan Am Plaza, Reisterstown Road Plaza and two parcels of land during the nine months ended September 30, 2023; 
 Capital expenditures increased by 3.2 million primarily related to the timing of capital projects along with a change in construction payables of 4.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024; 
 We contributed a total of 11.8 million to unconsolidated joint ventures during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily related to our share of the repayment of the construction loan associated with the development of the Embassy Suites at the University of Notre Dame; and 
 We received a 1.6 million distribution upon the joint venture s disposition of Glendale Center Apartments, of which we own an 11.5 interest, to a third party during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Cash provided by financing activities was 243.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to cash used in financing activities of 299.4 million for the same period of 2023. Highlights of significant cash sources and uses in financing activities are as follows: 
 We received total proceeds of 693.0 million from the Notes Due 2034 and the Notes Due 2031 and borrowed 40.0 million on the Revolving Facility during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to borrowings 
 45 

of 237.0 million on the Revolving Facility and proceeds of 95.1 million from the origination of a mortgage payable during the nine months ended September 30, 2023; 
 We repaid the following during the nine months ended September 30, 2024: (i) 149.6 million principal balance of the 4.58 senior unsecured notes that matured on June 30, 2024, (ii) 120.0 million unsecured term loan that matured on July 17, 2024, (iii) 40.0 million of borrowings on the Revolving Facility, and (iv) 3.9 million of mortgages payable compared to repayments of (i) 198.0 million of borrowings on the Revolving Facility, (ii) 174.1 million of mortgages payable, and (iii) 95.0 million principal balance of the 4.23 senior unsecured notes due 2023 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023; and 
 We made distributions to common shareholders and holders of common partnership interests in the Operating Partnership of 167.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to distributions of 160.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 We based the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. There were no changes made by management to the critical accounting policies in the three months ended September 30, 2024. We discuss the most critical estimates in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 20, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market Risk Related to Fixed and Variable Rate Debt 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 3.2 billion of outstanding consolidated indebtedness (inclusive of net unamortized debt discounts, premiums and issuance costs of 10.5 million). In addition, we were party to various consolidated interest rate hedge agreements totaling 855.0 million with maturities over various terms through 2026. Reflecting the effects of these hedge agreements, our fixed and variable rate debt would have been 3.1 billion (95 and 170.2 million (5 ), respectively, of our total consolidated indebtedness as of September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 350.0 million of fixed rate debt scheduled to mature within the next 12 months. A 100-basis point change in interest rates on this debt as of September 30, 2024 would change our annual cash flow by 3.5 million. A 100-basis point change in interest rates on our unhedged variable rate debt as of September 30, 2024 would change our annual cash flow by 1.7 million. Based upon the terms of our variable rate debt, we are most vulnerable to a change in short-term Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR interest rates. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Kite Realty Group Trust 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Parent Company s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Parent Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in the Parent Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 46 

Kite Realty Group, L.P. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Operating Partnership s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of Kite Realty Group Trust (the sole general partner of Kite Realty Group, L.P.), of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Operating Partnership s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that these disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in the Operating Partnership s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 47 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are not subject to any material litigation nor, to management s knowledge, is any material litigation currently threatened against us. We are parties to routine litigation, claims, and administrative proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Management believes that such matters will not have a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition, results of operations or cash flows taken as a whole. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in response to Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed on February 20, 2024. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, certain of our employees surrendered Common Shares owned by them to satisfy their statutory minimum U.S. federal and state tax obligations associated with the vesting of restricted common shares of beneficial interest issued under the Company s 2013 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated as of May 11, 2022. These shares were repurchased by the Company. 
 The following table summarizes all of these repurchases during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs Maximum number 
 of shares that may 
 yet be purchased 
 under the plans or 
 programs (1) 
 July 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024 3,054 22.29 N/A 300,000,000 August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 N/A 300,000,000 September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 N/A 300,000,000 Total 3,054 22.29 
 (1) Represents amounts outstanding under the Company s authorized Share Repurchase Program, which was announced in February 2021. In April 2022, the Company s Board of Trustees increased the size of the program from 150.0 million to 300.0 million and in February 2024, extended the program for an additional year. The program may be suspended or terminated at any time by the Company and will terminate on February 28, 2025, if not terminated or extended prior to that date. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Trading Arrangements 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our officers or trustees or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 
 48 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Description Location 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Declaration of Trust of the Kite Realty Group Trust, as supplemented and amended 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Kite Realty Group Trust filed with the SEC on February 28, 2022 3.2 Third Amended and Restated Bylaws of Kite Realty Group Trust, effective November 8, 2023 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Kite Realty Group Trust filed with the SEC on November 9, 2023 4.1 Third Supplemental Indenture, dated August 15, 2024, among Kite Realty Group, L.P., as issuer, Kite Realty Group Trust, as possible future guarantor, and U.S. Bank Trust Company, National Association (as successor in interest to U.S. Bank National Association), as trustee 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Kite Realty Group Trust filed with the SEC on August 15, 2024 4.2 Form of Global Note representing the 4.950 Senior Notes due 2031 (included in Exhibit 4.1) 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Kite Realty Group Trust filed with the SEC on August 15, 2024 10.1 Third Amendment to Sixth Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2024, by and among Kite Realty Group, L.P., Kite Realty Group Trust, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the other lenders party thereto 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Kite Realty Group Trust filed with the SEC on October 8, 2024 10.2 Second Amendment to Term Loan Agreement, dated as of October 3, 2024, by and among Kite Realty Group, L.P., Kite Realty Group Trust, KeyBank National Association, as Administrative Agent, and the other lenders party thereto 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Kite Realty Group Trust filed with the SEC on October 8, 2024 10.3 Amended and Restated Springing Guaranty, dated as of October 3, 2024, by Kite Realty Group Trust in favor of KeyBank National Association, as Agent 
 Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K of Kite Realty Group Trust filed with the SEC on October 8, 2024 31.1 Certification of principal executive officer of the Parent Company required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 31.2 Certification of principal financial officer of the Parent Company required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 31.3 Certification of principal executive officer of the Operating Partnership required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 31.4 Certification of principal financial officer of the Operating Partnership required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Parent Company pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 32.2 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Operating Partnership pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 Filed herewith 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document Filed herewith 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document Filed herewith 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document Filed herewith 
 49 

Exhibit No. Description Location 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document Filed herewith 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document Filed herewith 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith 
 Pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K, certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted. The registrants hereby agree to furnish a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request by the SEC. 
 50 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 KITE REALTY GROUP TRUST Date: October 31, 2024 By: /s/ JOHN A. KITE John A. Kite Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 31, 2024 By: /s/ HEATH R. FEAR Heath R. Fear Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) KITE REALTY GROUP, L.P. By: Kite Realty Group Trust, its sole general partner Date: October 31, 2024 By: /s/ JOHN A. KITE John A. Kite Chairman and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 31, 2024 By: /s/ HEATH R. FEAR Heath R. Fear Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 51 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit3119-30x24.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 KITE REALTY GROUP TRUST 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, John A. Kite, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kite Realty Group Trust 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 By s JOHN A. KITE John A. Kite Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit3129-30x24.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 KITE REALTY GROUP TRUST 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Heath R. Fear, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kite Realty Group Trust 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 By s HEATH R. FEAR Heath R. Fear Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 exhibit3139-30x24.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.3 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.3 
 KITE REALTY GROUP, L.P. 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, John A. Kite, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kite Realty Group, L.P. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 By s JOHN A. KITE John A. Kite Chief Executive Officer Kite Realty Group Trust, sole general partner of Kite Realty Group, L.P. 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 5
 exhibit3149-30x24.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.4 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.4 
 KITE REALTY GROUP, L.P. 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Heath R. Fear, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kite Realty Group, L.P. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 By s HEATH R. FEAR Heath R. Fear Chief Financial Officer Kite Realty Group Trust, sole general partner of Kite Realty Group, L.P. 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit3219-30x24.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1 CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The undersigned, John A. Kite, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Kite Realty Group Trust (the Parent Company ), and Heath R. Fear, Chief Financial Officer of the Parent Company, each hereby certifies based on his knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 (1) The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Parent Company for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) and 
 (2) The information in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Parent Company. 
 Date October 31, 2024 By s JOHN A. KITE John A. Kite Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 Date October 31, 2024 By s HEATH R. FEAR Heath R. Fear Chief Financial Officer 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Parent Company and will be retained by the Parent Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit3229-30x24.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2 CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 The undersigned, John A. Kite, Chief Executive Officer of Kite Realty Group Trust in its capacity as the sole general partner of Kite Realty Group, L.P. (the Operating Partnership ), and Heath R. Fear, Chief Financial Officer of Kite Realty Group Trust in its capacity as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership, each hereby certifies based on his knowledge, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that 
 (1) The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Operating Partnership for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m) and 
 (2) The information in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Operating Partnership. 
 Date October 31, 2024 By s JOHN A. KITE John A. Kite Chief Executive Officer Kite Realty Group Trust, sole general partner of Kite Realty Group, L.P. 
 Date October 31, 2024 By s HEATH R. FEAR Heath R. Fear Chief Financial Officer Kite Realty Group Trust, sole general partner of Kite Realty Group, L.P. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Operating Partnership and will be retained by the Operating Partnership and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 krg-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 krg-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 krg-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 krg-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 krg-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

