<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1492298_0001492298-24-000031.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8609677</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>125401</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1424016</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3106202</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1971629</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1799134</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001492298-24-000031.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031160636
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001492298-24-000031
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001492298
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				272560479
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34950
		FILM NUMBER:		241415256

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18500 VON KARMAN
		STREET 2:		SUITE 550
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92612
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888-393-8248

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		18500 VON KARMAN
		STREET 2:		SUITE 550
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92612

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001492298-24-000031.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 sbra-20240930.htm
 10-Q

sbra-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 
 (State of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 ) 
 (Address, zip code and telephone number of Registrant) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 25, 2024, there were shares of the registrant s 0.01 par value Common Stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Index 
 
 Page Numbers PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements: 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 9 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 27 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 39 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 40 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 41 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 41 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 41 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 41 
 Signatures 
 43 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 References throughout this document to Sabra, we, our, ours and us refer to Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. and its direct and indirect consolidated subsidiaries and not any other person. 
 STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this 10-Q contain forward-looking information as that term is defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements that do not relate to historical or current facts or matters are forward-looking statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include all statements regarding our expected future financial position, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financing plans, business strategy, tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities (as defined below), the expected amounts and timing of dividends and other distributions, projected expenses and capital expenditures, competitive position, growth opportunities, potential investments, potential dispositions, plans and objectives for future operations, and compliance with and changes in governmental regulations. You can identify some of the forward-looking statements by the use of forward-looking words such as anticipate, believe, plan, estimate, expect, intend, should, may and other similar expressions, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. 
 Our actual results may differ materially from those projected or contemplated by our forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including, among others, the following: 
 increased labor costs and historically low unemployment; 
 increases in market interest rates and inflation; 
 pandemics or epidemics, including COVID-19, and the related impact on our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities; 
 operational risks with respect to our Senior Housing - Managed communities; 
 competitive conditions in our industry; 
 the loss of key management personnel; 
 uninsured or underinsured losses affecting our properties; 
 potential impairment charges and adjustments related to the accounting of our assets; 
 the potential variability of our reported rental and related revenues as a result of Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-02, Leases, as amended by subsequent ASUs; 
 risks associated with our investment in our unconsolidated joint ventures; 
 catastrophic weather and other natural or man-made disasters, the effects of climate change on our properties and a failure to implement sustainable and energy-efficient measures; 
 increased operating costs and competition for our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed communities; 
 increased healthcare regulation and enforcement; 
 our tenants dependency on reimbursement from governmental and other third-party payor programs; 
 the effect of our tenants, operators or borrowers declaring bankruptcy or becoming insolvent; 
 our ability to find replacement tenants and the impact of unforeseen costs in acquiring new properties; 
 the impact of litigation and rising insurance costs on the business of our tenants; 
 the impact of required regulatory approvals of transfers of healthcare properties; 
 environmental compliance costs and liabilities associated with real estate properties we own; 
 our tenants , borrowers or operators failure to adhere to applicable privacy and data security laws; 
 a material breach of our or our tenants , borrowers or operators information technology; 
 our concentration in the healthcare property sector, particularly in skilled nursing/transitional care facilities and senior housing communities, which makes our profitability more vulnerable to a downturn in a specific sector than if we were investing in multiple industries; 
 the significant amount of and our ability to service our indebtedness; 
 covenants in our debt agreements that may restrict our ability to pay dividends, make investments, incur additional indebtedness and refinance indebtedness on favorable terms; 
 adverse changes in our credit ratings; 
 our ability to make dividend distributions at expected levels; 
 our ability to raise capital through equity and debt financings; 
 changes and uncertainty in macroeconomic conditions and disruptions in the financial markets; 
 risks associated with our ownership of property outside the U.S., including currency fluctuations; 
 the relatively illiquid nature of real estate investments; 
 our ability to maintain our status as a real estate investment trust REIT under the federal tax laws; 
 compliance with REIT requirements and certain tax and tax regulatory matters related to our status as a REIT; 
 changes in tax laws and regulations affecting REITs; 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 the ownership limits and takeover defenses in our governing documents and under Maryland law, which may restrict change of control or business combination opportunities; and 
 the exclusive forum provisions in our bylaws. 
 We urge you to carefully consider these risks and review the additional disclosures we make concerning risks and other factors that may materially affect the outcome of our forward-looking statements and our future business and operating results, including those made in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K ), as such risk factors may be amended, supplemented or superseded from time to time by other reports we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including subsequent Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. We caution you that any forward-looking statements made in this 10-Q are not guarantees of future performance, events or results, and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this report. We do not intend, and we undertake no obligation, to update any forward-looking information to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this 10-Q or to reflect the occurrence of unanticipated events, unless required by law to do so. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) Assets Real estate investments, net of accumulated depreciation of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Loans receivable and other investments, net Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Lease intangible assets, net Accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, net Total assets Liabilities Secured debt, net Revolving credit facility Term loans, net Senior unsecured notes, net Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Lease intangible liabilities, net Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 13) par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Cumulative distributions in excess of net income ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Rental and related revenues (Note 6) Resident fees and services Interest and other income Total revenues Expenses: Depreciation and amortization Interest Triple-net portfolio operating expenses Senior housing - managed portfolio operating expenses General and administrative (Recovery of) provision for loan losses ) ) Impairment of real estate Total expenses Other income (expense): Loss on extinguishment of debt ) Other income Net loss on sales of real estate ) ) ) ) Total other expense ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures and income tax benefit (expense) ) Income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) ) Income tax benefit (expense) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss), per: Basic common share ) ) Diluted common share ) ) Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized gain (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation gain (loss) ) ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on cash flow hedges ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 6 

SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Distributions in Excess of Net Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Equity Shares Amounts Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Amortization of stock-based compensation Common stock issuance, net ) ) Common dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Distributions in Excess of Net Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Shares Amounts Balance, June 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Amortization of stock-based compensation Common stock issuance, net Common dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 7 

SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY (CONTINUED) 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Distributions in Excess of Net Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Equity Shares Amounts Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive income Amortization of stock-based compensation Common stock issuance, net ) ) Common dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Distributions in Excess of Net Income Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Equity Shares Amounts Balance, December 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Amortization of stock-based compensation Common stock issuance, net Common dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance, September 30, 3024 ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Non-cash rental and related revenues ) ) Non-cash interest income ) Non-cash interest expense Stock-based compensation expense Loss on extinguishment of debt (Recovery of) provision for loan losses ) Net loss on sales of real estate Impairment of real estate Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures Distributions of earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures Other non-cash items ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, net ) ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Acquisition of real estate ) ) Origination and fundings of loans receivable ) ) Origination and fundings of preferred equity investments ) ) Additions to real estate ) ) Repayments of loans receivable Repayments of preferred equity investments Investment in unconsolidated joint ventures ) ) Net proceeds from the sales of real estate Net proceeds from sales-type lease Insurance proceeds Distributions in excess of earnings from unconsolidated joint ventures Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Net borrowings from (repayments of) revolving credit facility ) Proceeds from term loans Principal payments on secured debt ) ) Payments of deferred financing costs ) ) Payment of contingent consideration ) Issuance of common stock, net ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Effect of foreign currency translation on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Interest paid Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing activities: Decrease in loans receivable and other investments due to acquisition of real estate 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 

1. 

2. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 t the primary beneficiary of any VIEs. 
 As it relates to investments in loans, in addition to the Company s assessment of VIEs and whether the Company is the primary beneficiary of those VIEs, the Company evaluates the loan terms and other pertinent facts to determine whether the loan investment should be accounted for as a loan or as a real estate joint venture. If an investment has the characteristics of a real estate joint venture, including if the Company participates in the majority of the borrower s expected residual profit, the Company would account for the investment as an investment in a real estate joint venture and not as a loan investment. Expected residual profit is defined as the amount of profit, whether called interest or another name, such as an equity kicker, above a reasonable amount of interest and fees expected to be earned by a lender. At September 30, 2024, of the Company s investments in loans were accounted for as real estate joint ventures. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s determination of which entity controls its investments in joint ventures has not changed as a result of any reassessment. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 Senior Housing - Managed communities and Senior Housing - Leased community. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company acquired Senior Housing - Leased community and Senior Housing - Managed community that was part of the Company s proprietary development pipeline and was previously reflected as a preferred equity investment which had a book value of million at the time of acquisition. 
 Building and improvements Tenant origination and absorption costs intangible assets Tenant relationship intangible assets Total consideration 
 The tenant origination and absorption costs intangible assets and tenant relationship intangible assets had amortization periods as of the respective dates of acquisition of years and years, respectively, for the acquisitions completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The tenant origination and absorption costs intangible assets and tenant relationship intangible assets had weighted average amortization periods as of the respective dates of acquisition of and years, respectively, for the acquisitions completed during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million and million of total revenues and million and million of net income from the facilities acquired during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized million and million of total revenues, respectively, and of net loss and less than of net income, respectively, from the facilities acquired during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2023, the Company, in accordance with the terms of the agreements pursuant to which it purchased the facilities, paid million in additional consideration related to Senior Housing - Managed communities that achieved certain performance metrics. This amount is included in real estate investments, net of accumulated depreciation on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 

4. 
 ) Senior Housing - Leased ) Senior Housing - Managed ) Behavioral Health ) Specialty Hospitals and Other ) ) Corporate Level ) ) 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 ) Senior Housing - Leased ) Senior Housing - Managed ) Behavioral Health ) Specialty Hospitals and Other ) ) Corporate Level ) ) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Building and improvements Furniture and equipment Land improvements Land Total real estate at cost Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total real estate investments, net 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company received million of insurance proceeds related to a vacant facility owned by the Company that suffered damages as a result of vandalism and theft and recorded a million gain related to the property damage which is included in other income on the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 Capital and Other Expenditures 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s aggregate commitment for future capital and other expenditures associated with facilities leased under triple-net operating leases was approximately million. These commitments are principally for improvements to its facilities. 
 Senior Housing - Managed Communities 
 The Company s Senior Housing - Managed communities offer residents certain ancillary services that are not contemplated in the lease with each resident (i.e., housekeeping, laundry, guest meals, etc.). These services are provided and paid for in addition to the standard services included in each resident lease (i.e., room and board, standard meals, etc.). The Company bills residents for ancillary services one month in arrears and recognizes revenue as the services are provided, as the Company has no continuing performance obligation related to those services. Resident fees and services include ancillary service revenue of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company received insurance proceeds related to a fire that occurred at one of the Company s Senior Housing - Managed communities of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company recorded business interruption income, which is included in other income on the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss), of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. business interruption income was recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The remaining proceeds were recorded as expense reimbursements in Senior Housing - Managed portfolio operating expenses on the accompanying consolidated statements of income (loss). 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Marlin Spring Joint Venture Senior Housing - Managed 
 (1) These investments are not consolidated because the Company does not control, through voting rights or other means, the joint ventures. 

5. 
 million primarily related to skilled nursing/transitional care facilities that have sold and non-operational facilities, and million related to skilled nursing/transitional care facility that has sold, respectively. 
 To estimate the fair value of the impaired facilities, the Company utilized a market approach which considered binding sale agreements, non-binding offers from unrelated third parties or model-derived valuations with significant unobservable inputs, including comparable sales and other local and national industry market data (Level 3 measurements), as applicable. The Company utilized sales price per square foot values ranging from to in its fair value calculations for the non-operational facilities impaired during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The Company continues to evaluate additional assets for sale as part of its initiative to recycle capital and further improve its portfolio quality. This could lead to a shorter hold period and could result in the determination that the full amount of the Company s investment is not recoverable, resulting in an impairment charge or loss on sale which could be material. 
 Dispositions 
 Consideration, net of closing costs Net carrying value Net loss on sale ) ) 
 Related to these facilities, the Company recognized net loss of million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which includes (i) impairment of million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and (ii) net loss on sale. 
 The sale of the disposition facilities does not represent a strategic shift that has or will have a major effect on the Company s operations and financial results, and therefore the results of operations attributable to these facilities have remained in continuing operations. 

6. 
 Senior Housing - Managed communities) were leased under triple-net operating leases with expirations ranging from less than to years. As of September 30, 2024, the leases had a weighted average remaining term of . The leases generally include 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and letters of credit deposited with the Company totaled approximately million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In addition, the Company s tenants have deposited with the Company million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, for future real estate taxes, insurance expenditures and tenant improvements related to the Company s properties and their operations, and these amounts are included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Lessor costs that are paid by the lessor and reimbursed by the lessee are included in the measurement of variable lease revenue and the associated expense. As a result, the Company recognized variable lease revenue and the associated expense of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , respectively. 
 The Company monitors the creditworthiness of its tenants by evaluating the ability of the tenants to meet their lease obligations to the Company based on the tenants financial performance, including, as applicable and appropriate, the evaluation of any parent guarantees (or the guarantees of other related parties) of such lease obligations. The primary basis for the Company s evaluation of the credit quality of its tenants (and more specifically the tenant s ability to pay their rent obligations to the Company) is the tenant s lease coverage ratio as supplemented by the parent s fixed charge coverage ratio for those entities with a parent guarantee. These coverage ratios include earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization and rent EBITDAR to rent and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, rent and management fees EBITDARM to rent at the lease level and consolidated EBITDAR to total fixed charges at the parent guarantor level when such a guarantee exists. The Company obtains various financial and operational information from the majority of its tenants each month and reviews this information in conjunction with the above-described coverage metrics to identify financial and operational trends, evaluate the impact of the industry s operational and financial environment (including the impact of government reimbursement), and evaluate the management of the tenant s operations. These metrics help the Company identify potential areas of concern relative to its tenants credit quality and ultimately the tenant s ability to generate sufficient liquidity to meet its obligations, including its obligation to continue to pay the rent due to the Company. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, no tenant relationship represented 10 or more of the Company s total revenues. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 Lessee Accounting 
 For operating leases greater than 12 months for which the Company is the lessee, such as corporate office leases and ground leases, the Company recognizes a right-of-use ROU asset and related lease liability on its consolidated balance sheets at inception of the lease. ROU assets represent the Company s right to use underlying assets for the lease term, and lease liabilities are determined based on the estimated present value of the Company s minimum lease payments under the agreements. The discount rate used to determine the lease liabilities is based on the estimated incremental borrowing rate on a lease-by-lease basis. Certain of the Company s lease agreements have options to extend or terminate the contract terms upon meeting certain criteria. The lease term utilized in the calculation of the lease liability includes these options if exercise is considered reasonably certain. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million of ROU assets included in accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, net , and million and 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million of lease liabilities included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities , respectively, on its consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company incurred lease expense of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. years and , respectively, and the future minimum lease payments under the operating leases included in the Company s lease liability were as follows (in thousands): 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Undiscounted minimum lease payments included in the lease liability Less: imputed interest ) Present value of lease liability 

7. 
 Behavioral Health / Skilled Nursing 11/01/26 - 06/01/29 Other Multiple 12/31/23 - 08/31/33 Allowance for loan losses ) ) Other Investments: Preferred Equity Skilled Nursing / Senior Housing N/A Total 
 (1) Principal balance includes amounts funded and accrued but unpaid interest / preferred return and excludes capitalizable fees. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company has committed to provide up to million of future funding related to loan receivable investments. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 (Recovery of) provision for loan losses ) Write-off of uncollectible balances ) Balance at end of the period September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Deteriorated credit quality: Number of loans receivable investments Principal balance Book value Nonaccrual status: Number of loans receivable investments Book value 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not consider any preferred equity investments to be impaired, and no preferred equity investments were on nonaccrual status. 

8. 
 May 2031 - August 2051 
 (1) Principal balance does not include deferred financing costs, net of million as of each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Weighted average effective interest rate includes private mortgage insurance. 
 Senior Unsecured Notes 
 senior unsecured notes due 2026 2026 Notes 
 August 15, 2026 senior unsecured notes due 2027 2027 Notes 
 May 17, 2027 senior unsecured notes due 2029 2029 Notes 
 October 15, 2029 senior unsecured notes due 2031 2031 Notes 
 December 1, 2031 
 (1) Principal balance does not include discount, net of million and deferred financing costs, net of million as of September 30, 2024 and does not include discount, net of million and deferred financing costs, net of million as of December 31, 2023. In addition, the weighted average effective interest rate as of September 30, 2024 was . 
 The 2026 Notes and the 2027 Notes were assumed as a result of the Company s merger with Care Capital Properties, Inc. in 2017 and accrue interest at a rate of and , respectively, per annum. Interest is payable semiannually on February 15 and August 15 of each year for the 2026 Notes and on May 17 and November 17 of each year for the 2027 Notes. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 senior notes due 2023 in October 2019, Sabra Capital Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and accrue interest at a rate of per annum. Interest is payable semiannually on April 15 and October 15 of each year. 
 The 2031 Notes were issued by the Operating Partnership, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, and accrue interest at a rate of per annum. Interest is payable semiannually on June 1 and December 1 of each year, commencing on June 1, 2022. 
 The obligations under the 2027 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on an unsecured basis, by Sabra and one of its non-operating subsidiaries, subject to release under certain customary circumstances. The obligations under the 2026 Notes, 2029 Notes and 2031 Notes are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, on an unsecured basis, by Sabra; provided, however, that such guarantee is subject to release under certain customary circumstances. 
 The indentures and agreements (the Senior Notes Indentures governing the 2026 Notes, 2027 Notes, 2029 Notes and 2031 Notes (collectively, the Senior Notes include customary events of default and require the Company to comply with specified restrictive covenants. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all applicable financial covenants under the Senior Notes Indentures. 
 Credit Agreement 
 On January 4, 2023, the Operating Partnership and Sabra Canadian Holdings, LLC (together, the Borrowers ), and the other parties thereto entered into a sixth amended and restated unsecured credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ). During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recorded million of deferred financing costs related to the Credit Agreement and recognized million of loss on extinguishment of debt related to write-offs of deferred financing costs in connection with amending and restating the prior unsecured credit agreement. 
 The Credit Agreement includes a billion revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ), a million U.S. dollar term loan and a CAD million Canadian dollar term loan (collectively, the Term Loans ). Further, up to million of the Revolving Credit Facility may be used for borrowings in certain foreign currencies. The Credit Agreement also contains an accordion feature that can increase the total available borrowings to billion, subject to terms and conditions. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility has a maturity date of January 4, 2027, and includes extension options. The Term Loans have a maturity date of January 4, 2028. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there was million (including CAD million) outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and million available for borrowing. 
 Borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bear interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to a ratings-based applicable interest margin plus, Daily Simple CORRA plus the CORRA Adjustment, each as defined in the Credit Agreement, for Canadian dollar borrowings, or at the Operating Partnership s option for U.S. dollar borrowings, either (a) Daily Simple SOFR, as defined in the Credit Agreement, or (b) a base rate determined as the greater of (i) the federal funds rate plus , (ii) the prime rate, (iii) Term SOFR, as defined in the Credit Agreement, plus (the Base Rate ), and (iv) . The ratings-based applicable interest margin for borrowings will vary based on the Debt Ratings, as defined in the Credit Agreement, and will range from to per annum for Daily Simple SOFR-based borrowings and to per annum for borrowings at the Base Rate. As of September 30, 2024, the weighted average interest rate on the Revolving Credit Facility was . In addition, the Operating Partnership pays a facility fee ranging between and per annum based on the aggregate amount of commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility regardless of amounts outstanding thereunder. 
 The U.S. dollar Term Loan bears interest on the outstanding principal amount at a ratings-based applicable interest margin plus, at the Operating Partnership s option, either (a) Term SOFR or (b) the Base Rate. The ratings-based applicable interest margin for borrowings will vary based on the Debt Ratings and will range from to per annum for Term SOFR-based borrowings and to per annum for borrowings at the Base Rate. As of September 30, 2024, the interest rate on the U.S. dollar Term Loan was . The Canadian dollar Term Loan bears interest on the outstanding principal amount at a rate equal to the Term CORRA Rate plus the CORRA Adjustment, each as defined in the Credit Agreement, plus an interest margin that will range from to depending on the Debt Ratings. As of September 30, 2024, the interest rate on the Canadian dollar Term Loan was . 
 The Company has interest rate swaps and interest rate collars that fix and set a cap and floor, respectively, for the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR portion of the interest rate for million of SOFR-based borrowings under its U.S. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 and interest rate swaps that fix the Canadian Overnight Repo Rate CORRA portion of the interest rate for CAD million of CORRA-based borrowings under its Canadian dollar Term Loan at a rate of . As of September 30, 2024, the effective interest rate on the U.S. dollar and Canadian dollar Term Loans was and , respectively. In addition, the Canadian dollar Term Loan and the CAD million outstanding as of September 30, 2024 under the Revolving Credit Facility are designated as net investment hedges. See Note 9, Derivative and Hedging Instruments, for further information. 
 The obligations of the Borrowers under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by the Company and certain of its subsidiaries. 
 The Credit Agreement contains customary covenants that include restrictions or limitations on the ability to pay dividends, incur additional indebtedness, engage in non-healthcare related business activities, enter into transactions with affiliates and sell or otherwise transfer certain assets as well as customary events of default. The Credit Agreement also requires Sabra, through the Operating Partnership, to comply with specified financial covenants, which include a maximum total leverage ratio, a maximum secured debt leverage ratio, a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio, a maximum unsecured leverage ratio, a minimum tangible net worth requirement and a minimum unsecured interest coverage ratio. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was in compliance with all applicable financial covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 Interest Expense 
 The Company incurred interest expense of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Interest expense includes non-cash interest expense of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, of accrued interest included in accounts payable and accrued liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 Maturities 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Debt Discount, net ) ) Deferred financing costs, net ) ) ) ) Total Debt, Net 
 (1) Revolving Credit Facility is subject to extension options. 

9. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 million of gains, which are included in accumulated other comprehensive income, are expected to be reclassified into earnings in the next 12 months. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 The Company is exposed to fluctuations in foreign exchange rates on investments it holds in Canada. The Company uses cross currency interest rate swaps to hedge its exposure to changes in foreign exchange rates on these foreign investments. 
 Denominated in Canadian Dollars Derivatives designated as net investment hedges: Denominated in Canadian Dollars Financial instruments designated as net investment hedges: Denominated in Canadian Dollars Derivatives not designated as net investment hedges: Denominated in Canadian Dollars 
 Derivative and Financial Instruments Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 2028 Accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, net Interest rate collars Cash flow Accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, net Forward starting interest rate swaps Cash flow Accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, net Cross currency interest rate swaps Net investment 2025 Accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, net Liabilities: Interest rate swaps Cash flow 2028 Accounts payable and accrued liabilities CAD borrowings under Revolving Credit Facility Net investment 2027 Revolving credit facility CAD Term Loan Net investment 2028 Term loans, net 
 20 

Table of Contents Net Investment Hedges: Foreign currency products ) CAD borrowings under Revolving Credit Facility ) ) ) CAD Term Loan ) ) 
 Gain Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income into Income Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Income Statement Location 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cash Flow Hedges: Interest rate products Interest expense 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, cash flow hedges were determined to be ineffective. 
 Derivatives Not Designated as Hedging Instruments 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding cross currency interest rate swap, of which a portion was not designated as a hedging instrument, in an asset position with a fair value of million that is included in accounts receivable, prepaid expenses and other assets, net on the consolidated balance sheets. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded million of other expense and million of other income, respectively, related to the portion of derivatives not designated as hedging instruments and such expense was recorded during each of the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Offsetting Derivatives 
 The Company enters into master netting arrangements, which reduce credit risk by permitting net settlement of transactions with the same counterparty. 
 Offsetting Liabilities: Derivatives 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Offsetting Liabilities: Derivatives 
 Credit Risk-related Contingent Features 
 The Company has agreements with each of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision pursuant to which the Company could be declared in default on the derivative obligation if the Company defaults on any of its indebtedness, including a default where repayment of the indebtedness has not been accelerated by the lender. As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of derivatives in a net liability position, which includes accrued interest but excludes any adjustment for nonperformance risk, related to these agreements was million. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not posted any collateral related to these agreements. If the Company had breached any of these provisions at September 30, 2024, it could have been required to settle its obligations under the agreements at their termination value of million. 

10. 
 to with a weighted average rate of in its fair value calculation. As such, the Company classifies these instruments as Level 3. 
 Preferred equity investments : These instruments are presented on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at their cost and not at fair value. The fair values of the preferred equity investments were estimated using an internal valuation model 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 to with a weighted average rate of in its fair value calculation. As such, the Company classifies these instruments as Level 3. 
 Derivative instruments : The Company s derivative instruments are presented at fair value on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The Company estimates the fair value of derivative instruments, including its interest rate swaps, interest rate collars and cross currency swaps, using the assistance of a third party using inputs that are observable in the market, which include forward yield curves and other relevant information. Although the Company has determined that the majority of the inputs used to value its derivative financial instruments fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit valuation adjustments associated with its derivative financial instruments utilize Level 3 inputs, such as estimates of current credit spreads, to evaluate the likelihood of default by itself and its counterparties. The Company has assessed the significance of the impact of the credit valuation adjustments on the overall valuation of its derivative positions and has determined that the credit valuation adjustments are not significant to the overall valuation of its derivative financial instruments. As a result, the Company has determined that its derivative financial instruments valuations in their entirety are classified in Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Senior Notes : These instruments are presented on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at their outstanding principal balance, net of unamortized deferred financing costs and premiums/discounts and not at fair value. The fair values of the Senior Notes were determined using third-party market quotes derived from orderly trades. As such, the Company classifies these instruments as Level 2. 
 Secured indebtedness : These instruments are presented on the accompanying consolidated balance sheets at their outstanding principal balance, net of unamortized deferred financing costs and premiums/discounts and not at fair value. The fair values of the Company s secured debt were estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on management s estimates of current market interest rates for instruments with similar characteristics, including remaining loan term, loan-to-value ratio, type of collateral and other credit enhancements. The Company utilized a rate of in its fair value calculation. As such, the Company classifies these instruments as Level 3. 
 Preferred equity investments Financial liabilities: Senior Notes Secured indebtedness 
 (1) Face value represents amounts contractually due under the terms of the respective agreements. 
 (2) Carrying amount represents the book value of financial instruments, including unamortized premiums/discounts and deferred financing costs. 
 Preferred equity investments Financial liabilities: Senior Notes Secured indebtedness 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Cross currency interest rate swaps Financial liabilities: Interest rate swaps 

11. 
 million may be sold from time to time (i) by the Company through a consortium of banks acting as sales agents or directly to the banks acting as principals or (ii) by a consortium of banks acting as forward sellers on behalf of any forward purchasers pursuant to a forward sale agreement. The use of a forward sale agreement would allow the Company to lock in a share price on the sale of shares at the time the agreement is effective, but defer receiving the proceeds from the sale of the shares until a later date. The Company may also elect to cash settle or net share settle all or a portion of its obligations under any forward sale agreement. The forward sale agreements have a term during which time the Company may settle the forward sales by delivery of physical shares of common stock to the forward purchasers or, at the Company s election, in cash or net shares. The forward sale price that the Company expects to receive upon settlement will be the initial forward price established upon the effective date, subject to adjustments for (i) the forward purchasers stock borrowing costs and (ii) certain fixed price reductions during the term of the agreement. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company utilized the forward feature of the ATM Program to allow for the sale of up to million shares of the Company s common stock at an initial weighted average price of per share, net of commissions, and the Company settled million shares at a weighted average net price of per share, after commissions and fees, resulting in net proceeds of million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company utilized the forward feature of the ATM Program to allow for the sale of up to million shares of the Company s common stock at an initial weighted average price of per share, net of commissions, and the Company settled million shares at a weighted average net price of per share, after commissions and fees, resulting in net proceeds of million. 
 As of September 30, 2024, million shares remained outstanding under the forward sale agreements, with an initial weighted average price of per share, net of commissions. 
 other shares were sold under the ATM Program during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had million available under the ATM Program. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 February 29, 2024 May 8, 2024 May 20, 2024 May 31, 2024 August 7, 2024 August 19, 2024 August 30, 2024 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued million shares of common stock as a result of restricted stock unit vestings. 
 Upon any payment of shares to team members as a result of restricted stock unit vestings, the team members related tax withholding obligation will generally be satisfied by the Company reducing the number of shares to be delivered by a number of shares necessary to satisfy the related applicable tax withholding obligation. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred million and million, respectively, in tax withholding obligations on behalf of its team members that were satisfied through a reduction in the number of shares delivered to those participants. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income) Unrealized gain on cash flow hedges Total accumulated other comprehensive income 

12. 
 ) ) Denominator Basic weighted average common shares and common equivalents Dilutive restricted stock units Dilutive forward equity sale agreements Diluted weighted average common shares Net income (loss), per: Basic common share ) ) Diluted common share ) ) 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, approximately restricted stock units or shares related to forward equity sale agreements were not included in computing diluted earnings per share because they were considered anti-dilutive. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, approximately restricted stock units and shares related to forward equity sale agreements were not included in computing diluted earnings per share because they were considered anti-dilutive. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, approximately million and million restricted stock units, respectively, were not included in computing diluted earnings per share because they were considered anti-dilutive. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 13. 

14. 
 per share of common stock. The dividend will be paid on November 29, 2024 to common stockholders of record as of the close of business on November 15, 2024. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The discussion below contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those which are discussed in the Risk Factors section in Part I, Item 1A of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Also see Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements preceding Part I. 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto. 
 Our Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is organized as follows: 
 Overview 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards Update 
 Results of Operations 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 Skilled Nursing Facility Reimbursement Rates 
 Overview 
 We operate as a self-administered, self-managed REIT that, through our subsidiaries, owns and invests in real estate serving the healthcare industry. 
 Our primary business consists of acquiring, financing and owning real property to be leased to third party tenants in the healthcare sector. We primarily generate revenues by leasing properties to tenants and owning properties operated by third-party property managers throughout the United States U.S. and Canada. 
 Our investment portfolio is primarily comprised of skilled nursing/transitional care facilities, senior housing communities Senior Housing - Leased ), behavioral health facilities, and specialty hospitals and other facilities, in each case leased to third-party operators; senior housing communities operated by third-party property managers pursuant to property management agreements Senior Housing - Managed investments in joint ventures; loans receivable; and preferred equity investments. 
 We expect to grow our investment portfolio while diversifying our portfolio by tenant, facility type and geography within the healthcare sector. We plan to achieve these objectives primarily through making investments directly or indirectly in healthcare real estate, including the development of purpose-built healthcare facilities with select developers. We also intend to achieve our objective of diversifying our portfolio by tenant and facility type through select asset sales and other arrangements with our tenants. 
 We employ a disciplined approach in our healthcare real estate investment strategy by investing in assets that provide attractive opportunities for earnings growth and appreciation of asset values, while maintaining balance sheet strength and liquidity, thereby creating long-term stockholder value. 
 We elected to be treated as a REIT with the filing of our U.S. federal income tax return for the taxable year beginning January 1, 2011. We believe that we have been organized and have operated, and we intend to continue to operate, in a manner to qualify as a REIT. We operate through an umbrella partnership, commonly referred to as an UPREIT structure, in which substantially all of our properties and assets are held by Sabra Health Care Limited Partnership, a Delaware limited partnership (the Operating Partnership ), of which we are the sole general partner and a wholly owned subsidiary of ours is currently the only limited partner, or by subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership. 
 Market Trends and Uncertainties 
 Our operations have been and are expected to continue to be impacted by economic and market conditions. Increases in interest rates, labor shortages, inflation and increased volatility in public equity and fixed income markets have led to increased costs and limited the availability of capital. 
 The above factors, together with the impact of COVID-19, have resulted in decreased occupancy and increased operating costs for our tenants and borrowers, which have negatively impacted their operating results and may adversely impact their ability to make full and timely rental payments and debt service payments, respectively, to us. Our Senior Housing - Managed portfolio has been similarly impacted, and we expect that decreased occupancy and increased operating costs will continue to 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 negatively impact the operating results of these investments. While our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed portfolio have experienced increases in occupancy, certain of those occupancy rates are still below pre-pandemic levels. On the labor front, our tenants, borrowers and Senior Housing - Managed portfolio have significantly reduced their reliance on agency staffing which was a mainstay in the wake of COVID-19, and while they continue to experience improvements in both permanent labor availability and overall costs from the worst points of the pandemic, permanent labor supply remains lower and costs remain higher than pre-pandemic levels. We are, however, encouraged by increases our tenants are receiving in reimbursement rates in our skilled nursing/transitional care portfolio, as those increases have led to margin recovery despite occupancy being below pre-pandemic levels. 
 In some cases, we may have to restructure or temporarily defer tenants long-term rent obligations and may not be able to do so on terms that are as favorable to us as those currently in place. Reduced or modified rental and debt service amounts could result in the determination that the full amounts of our investments are not recoverable, which could result in an impairment charge. If our tenants and borrowers default on these obligations, such defaults could materially and adversely affect our results of operations and liquidity, in addition to resulting in potential impairment charges. Further, prolonged deterioration in the operating results for our investments in our Senior Housing - Managed portfolio could result in the determination that the full amounts of our investments are not recoverable, which could result in an impairment charge. 
 We regularly monitor the effects of economic and market conditions on our operations and financial position, as well as on the operations and financial position of our tenants and borrowers, in order to respond and adapt to the ongoing changes in our operating environment. 
 Acquisitions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we acquired two Senior Housing - Managed communities and one Senior Housing - Leased community for aggregate consideration of 112.2 million, including acquisition costs. See Note 3, Recent Real Estate Acquisitions (Consolidated), in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information regarding these investments. 
 Dispositions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we completed the sale of eight skilled nursing/transitional care facilities for aggregate consideration, net of closing costs, of 40.5 million . The net carrying value of the assets and liabilities of these facilities was 44.5 million , which resulted in an aggregate 4.0 million net loss on sale. We continue to evaluate additional assets for sale as part of our initiative to recycle capital and further improve our portfolio quality. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated interim financial statements have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles GAAP and in conjunction with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The preparation of our financial statements requires significant management judgments, assumptions and estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain. These judgments affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and our disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. With different estimates or assumptions, materially different amounts could be reported in our financial statements. Additionally, other companies may utilize different estimates that may impact the comparability of our results of operations to those of companies in similar businesses. A discussion of the accounting policies that management considers critical in that they involve significant management judgments and assumptions, require estimates about matters that are inherently uncertain and because they are important for understanding and evaluating our reported financial results is included in Part II, Item 7 of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting policies during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Recently Issued Accounting Standards Update 
 See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for information concerning recently issued accounting standards updates. 
 Results of Operations 
 As of September 30, 2024, our investment portfolio consisted of 373 real estate properties held for investment, 14 investments in loans receivable, five preferred equity investments and two investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. As of September 30, 2023, our investment portfolio consisted of 377 real estate properties held for investment, 12 investments in loans receivable, five preferred equity investments and two investments in unconsolidated joint ventures. In general, we expect that income and expenses related to our portfolio will fluctuate in future periods in comparison to the corresponding prior periods as a result of investment and disposition activity and anticipated future changes in our portfolio. The results of 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 operations presented are not directly comparable due to ongoing acquisition and disposition activity, including our capital recycling initiative. 
 Comparison of results of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 versus the three months ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase / (Decrease) Percentage Difference Variance due to Acquisitions, Originations and Dispositions (1) 
 Remaining Variance (2) 
 2024 2023 Revenues: Rental and related revenues 94,555 93,085 1,470 2 (176) 1,646 Resident fees and services 73,746 59,748 13,998 23 4,180 9,818 Interest and other income 9,700 8,794 906 10 439 467 Expenses: Depreciation and amortization 42,720 43,242 (522) (1) 595 (1,117) Interest 29,467 28,156 1,311 5 1,311 Triple-net portfolio operating expenses 4,270 4,304 (34) (1) (48) 14 Senior housing - managed portfolio operating expenses 54,234 44,523 9,711 22 2,507 7,204 General and administrative 12,404 10,759 1,645 15 1,645 (Recovery of) provision for loan losses (148) 328 (476) (145) (483) 7 Other expense: Other income 2,229 (2,229) (100) (2,229) Net loss on sales of real estate (5,745) (46,545) 40,800 (88) 40,800 Income (loss) from unconsolidated joint ventures 214 (645) 859 (133) 859 Income tax benefit (expense) 265 (455) 720 (158) 720 
 (1) Represents the dollar amount increase (decrease) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 as a result of investments/dispositions made after July 1, 2023. 
 (2) Represents the dollar amount increase (decrease) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 that is not a direct result of investments/dispositions made after July 1, 2023. 
 Rental and Related Revenues 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 94.6 million of rental income compared to 93.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 1.5 million net increase in rental income is related to (i) a 1.9 million increase from properties acquired after July 1, 2023, (ii) a 1.5 million net increase in rental and related revenues related to leases that are no longer accounted for on an accrual basis, (iii) a 0.8 million increase due to lease amendments and annual rental increases based on changes in the Consumer Price Index, (iv) a 0.8 million increase from properties that were transitioned to new operators and (v) a 0.6 million increase due to incremental revenue related to capital expenditures . These increases are partially offset by an increase of 2.4 million in cash and non-cash rent receivable write-offs related to leases that are no longer accounted for on an accrual basis and a 2.1 million decrease from properties disposed of after July 1, 2023. 
 Our reported rental and related revenues may be subject to increased variability in the future as a result of lease accounting standards. If at any time we cannot determine that it is probable that substantially all rents over the life of a lease are collectible, rental revenue will be recognized only to the extent of payments received and all receivables associated with the lease will be written off, irrespective of amounts expected to be collectible. However, there can be no assurances regarding the timing and amount of these revenues. Amounts due under the terms of all of our lease agreements are subject to contractual increases, and contingent rental income may be derived from certain lea se agreements. No material contingent rental income was derived during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Resident Fees and Services 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 73.7 million of resident fees and services compared to 59.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 14.0 million net increase is due to a 5.3 million increase related to five facilities that were transitioned to Senior Housing - Managed communities after July 1, 2023, a 4.2 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 million increase related to two Senior Housing - Managed communities acquired after July 1, 2023 and the remaining increase is primarily related to increased occupancy and an increase in rates. 
 Interest and Other Income 
 Interest and other income primarily consists of income earned on our loans receivable investments and preferred returns earned on our preferred equity investments. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 9.7 million of interest and other income compared to 8.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The net increase of 0.9 million is due to (i) a 0.4 million increase from investments made after July 1, 2023, (ii) a 0.2 million lease termination payment primarily related to one skilled nursing/transitional care facility, (iii) a 0.1 million increase due to increased fundings for existing investments and (iv) a 0.1 million increase in bank interest income. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 42.7 million of depreciation and amortization expense compared to 43.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The net decrease of 0.5 million is due to a 1.5 million decrease due to assets that have been fully depreciated and a 1.3 million decrease from properties disposed of after July 1, 2023. These decreases are partially offset by a 1.9 million increase from properties acquired after July 1, 2023 and a 0.5 million increase from additions to real estate. 
 Interest Expense 
 We incur interest expense comprised of costs of borrowings plus the amortization of deferred financing costs related to our indebtedness. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 29.5 million of interest expense compared to 28.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 1.3 million net increase is primarily related to a 1.8 million increase in interest expense related to borrowings under the Credit Agreement (as defined below), partially offset by a 0.5 million decrease in non-cash interest expense related to our interest rate hedges. 
 Triple-Net Portfolio Operating Expenses 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 4.3 million of triple-net portfolio operating expenses compared to 4.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 34,000 net decrease is primarily due to facilities that have since transitioned to new operators who are now paying the property taxes directly and adjustments to our estimates related to property taxes. 
 Senior Housing - Managed Portfolio Operating Expenses 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 54.2 million of Senior Housing - Managed portfolio operating expenses compared to 44.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 9.7 million net increase is due to (i) a 4.6 million increase related to five facilities that were transitioned to Senior Housing - Managed communities after July 1, 2023, (ii) a 2.5 million increase related to two Senior Housing - Managed communities acquired after July 1, 2023, (iii) a 1.4 million increase in employee compensation primarily due to increased labor rates and staffing, (iv) a 0.6 million increase in management fees, dining expenses and housekeeping costs due to increased occupancy and (v) a 0.5 million increase in marketing, administrative and corporate overhead expense. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses include compensation-related expenses as well as professional services, office costs, other costs associated with asset management, and acquisition costs. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expenses were 12.4 million compared to 10.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 1.6 million net increase is primarily related to a 2.1 million increase in compensation, including a 0.4 million increase in stock-based compensation, for our teammates as a result of changes in performance-based payout assumptions on compensation and annual salary adjustments, partially offset by a 0.2 million decrease in insurance expense. 
 (Recovery of) Provision for Loan Losses 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized a 0.1 million recovery of and a 0.3 million provision for loan losses, respectively, associated with our loans receivable investments. 
 Other Income 
 No other income was recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized 2.2 million of other income related to a 3.7 million gain on insurance proceeds received 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 related to property damage incurred at a vacant facility and 0.5 million of business interruption insurance income related to one Senior Housing - Managed community that was closed due to a fire. This income is partially offset by 1.4 million of transition-related expenses related to the transition of 14 Senior Housing - Managed communities to new operators in 2023. 
 Net Loss on Sales of Real Estate 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized an aggregate net loss of 5.7 million related to the disposition of four skilled nursing/transitional care facilities. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized an aggregate net loss of 46.5 million related to the disposition of 13 skilled nursing/transitional care facilities and two Senior Housing - Leased communities. 
 Income (Loss) from Unconsolidated Joint Ven tures 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 0.2 million of income from our unconsolidated joint ventures compared to 0.6 million of loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 0.9 million net improvement is primarily related to a 0.8 million increase in revenues net of operating expenses primarily due to increased occupancy. 
 Income Tax Benefit (Expense) 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 0.3 million of income tax benefit compared to 0.5 million of income tax expense during the three months ended September 30, 2023. The 0.7 million change is due to lower taxable income during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Comparison of results of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 versus the nine months ended September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase / (Decrease) Percentage Difference Variance due to Acquisitions, Originations and Dispositions (1) 
 Remaining Variance (2) 
 2024 2023 Revenues: Rental and related revenues 285,427 283,229 2,198 1 (2,207) 4,405 Resident fees and services 207,716 174,897 32,819 19 5,849 26,970 Interest and other income 27,746 25,991 1,755 7 370 1,385 Expenses: Depreciation and amortization 127,315 140,211 (12,896) (9) (2,411) (10,485) Interest 87,189 85,024 2,165 3 2,165 Triple-net portfolio operating expenses 12,992 13,243 (251) (2) (159) (92) Senior housing - managed portfolio operating expenses 154,258 132,124 22,134 17 2,923 19,211 General and administrative 37,035 30,793 6,242 20 6,242 (Recovery of) provision for loan losses (446) 549 (995) (181) (487) (508) Impairment of real estate 18,472 7,064 11,408 161 (1,385) 12,793 Other income (expense): Loss on extinguishment of debt (1,541) 1,541 (100) 1,541 Other income 838 2,570 (1,732) (67) 82 (1,814) Net loss on sales of real estate (3,969) (75,893) 71,924 (95) 71,924 Loss from unconsolidated joint ventures (301) (2,136) 1,835 (86) 143 1,692 Income tax expense (625) (1,509) 884 (59) 884 
 (1) Represents the dollar amount increase (decrease) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 as a result of investments/dispositions made after January 1, 2023. 
 (2) Represents the dollar amount increase (decrease) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 that is not a direct result of investments/dispositions made after January 1, 2023. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Rental and Related Revenues 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 285.4 million of rental income compared to 283.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 2.2 million net increase in rental income is related to (i) a 4.9 million increase from properties acquired after January 1, 2023, (ii) a 4.0 million net increase in rental and related revenues related to leases that are no longer accounted for on an accrual basis, (iii) a 2.4 million increase due to incremental revenue related to capital expenditures, (iv) a 1.7 million increase due to lease amendments and annual rental increases based on changes in the Consumer Price Index and (v) a 0.5 million increase from properties that were transitioned to new operators. These increases are partially offset by (i) a 7.1 million decrease from properties disposed of after January 1, 2023, (ii) a 2.4 million increase in cash and non-cash rent receivable write-offs related to leases that are no longer accounted for on an accrual basis, (iii) a 1.1 million decrease in Genesis excess rents in accordance with the terms of the memorandum of understanding entered into with Genesis in 2017 and (iv) a 1.1 million decrease from facilities transitioned from triple-net leases to Senior Housing - Managed communities. 
 Our reported rental and related revenues may be subject to increased variability in the future as a result of lease accounting standards. If at any time we cannot determine that it is probable that substantially all rents over the life of a lease are collectible, rental revenue will be recognized only to the extent of payments received and all receivables associated with the lease will be written off, irrespective of amounts expected to be collectible. However, there can be no assurances regarding the timing and amount of these revenues. Amounts due under the terms of all of our lease agreements are subject to contractual increases, and contingent rental income may be derived from certain lease agreements. No material contingent rental income was derived during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Resident Fees and Services 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 207.7 million of resident fees and services compared to 174.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 32.8 million net increase is due to (i) a 16.1 million increase related to seven facilities that were transitioned to Senior Housing - Managed communities after January 1, 2023, (ii) a 10.8 million increase related to increased occupancy and an increase in rates and (iii) a 6.3 million increase from three Senior Housing - Managed communities acquired after January 1, 2023. These increases are partially offset by a 0.4 million decrease related to one Senior Housing - Managed community disposed of after January 1, 2023 . 
 Interest and Other Income 
 Interest and other income primarily consists of income earned on our loans receivable investments and preferred returns earned on our preferred equity investments. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 27.7 million of interest and other income compared to 26.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net increase of 1.8 million is due to (i) a 1.1 million increase from investments made after January 1, 2023, (ii) a 0.6 million increase due to increased fundings for existing investments, (iii) a 0.4 million increase in bank interest income and (iv) a 0.2 million lease termination payment primarily related to one skilled nursing/transitional care facility, partially offset by a 0.7 million decrease in income from investments repaid after January 1, 2023. 
 Depreciation and Amortization 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 127.3 million of depreciation and amortization expense compared to 140.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The net decrease of 12.9 million is due to (i) an 8.1 million decrease due to accelerating the remaining useful life of a facility that was demolished in 2023, (ii) a 5.1 million decrease from properties disposed of after January 1, 2023 and (iii) a 4.4 million decrease due to assets that have been fully depreciated. These decreases are partially offset by a 2.7 million increase from properties acquired after January 1, 2023 and a 2.3 million increase from additions to real estate. 
 Interest Expense 
 We incur interest expense comprised of costs of borrowings plus the amortization of deferred financing costs related to our indebtedness. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we incurred 87.2 million of interest expense compared to 85.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 2.2 million net increase is primarily related to a 2.7 million increase in interest expense related to borrowings under the Credit Agreement, partially offset by a 0.5 million decrease in non-cash interest expense related to our interest rate hedges. 
 T riple-Net Portfolio Operating Expenses 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 13.0 million of triple-net portfolio operating expenses compared to 13.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 0.3 million net decrease is primarily 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 due to facilities that have since transitioned to new operators who are now paying the property taxes directly and adjustments to our estimates related to property taxes. 
 Senior Housing - Managed Portfolio Operating Expenses 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 154.3 million of Senior Housing - Managed portfolio operating expenses compared to 132.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 22.1 million net increase is due to (i) a 14.2 million increase related to seven facilities that were transitioned to Senior Housing - Managed communities after January 1, 2023, (ii) a 3.3 million increase related to three Senior Housing - Managed communities acquired after January 1, 2023, (iii) a 2.0 million increase in employee compensation primarily due to increased labor rates and staffing, (iv) a 1.4 million increase in management fees, dining expenses and housekeeping costs due to increased occupancy and (v) a 1.2 million increase in marketing, administrative and corporate overhead expenses. These increases are partially offset by a 0.4 million decrease related to one Senior Housing - Managed community disposed of after January 1, 2023. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses include compensation-related expenses as well as professional services, office costs, other costs associated with asset management, and acquisition costs. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, general and administrative expenses were 37.0 million compared to 30.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 6.2 million net increase is related to a 6.4 million increase in compensation, including a 0.9 million increase in stock-based compensation, for our teammates as a result of changes in performance-based payout assumptions on compensation and annual salary adjustments and a 0.3 million increase in office expense primarily related to the new corporate office lease, partially offset by a 0.3 million decrease in insurance expense. 
 (Recovery of) Provision for Loan Losses 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized a 0.4 million recovery of and a 0.5 million provision for loan losses, respectively, primarily associated with our loans receivable investments. 
 Impairment of Real Estate 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized an 18.5 million impairment of real estate primarily related to six facilities that were sold or are expected to be sold. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a 7.1 million impairment of real estate related to one skilled nursing/transitional care facility that was sold. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt 
 No loss on extinguishment of debt was recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a 1.5 million loss on extinguishment of debt related to write-offs of deferred financing costs in connection with amending and restating the fifth amended and restated unsecured credit agreement entered into by the Operating Partnership and Sabra Canadian Holdings, LLC and the other parties thereto on September 9, 2019. 
 Other Income 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 0.8 million of other income primarily related to bu siness interruption insurance income related to one Senior Housing - Managed community that was closed due to a fire. During t he nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized 2.6 million of other income primarily related to (i) a 3.7 million gain on insurance proceeds received related to property damage incurred at a vacant facility, (ii) 0.5 million of business interruption insurance income related to one Senior Housing - Managed community that was closed due to a fire and (iii) 0.3 million of income related to the sale of licensed beds. This income is partially offset by 1.5 million of transition-related expenses related to the transition of 14 Senior Housing - Managed communities to new operators in 2023. 
 Net Loss on Sales of Real Estate 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized an aggregate net loss of 4.0 million related to the disposition of eight skilled nursing/transitional care facilities. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized an aggregate net loss of 75.9 million related to the disposition of 23 skilled nursing/transitional care facilities, three Senior Housing - Leased communities and one Senior Housing - Managed community. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Loss from Unconsolidated Joint Ventures 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 0.3 million of loss from our unconsolidated joint ventures compared to 2.1 million of loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 1.8 million net improvement is primarily related to a 2.0 million increase in revenues net of operating expenses primarily due to increased occupancy, which includes 0.2 million related to one senior housing community acquired by one of our joint ventures after January 1, 2023. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized 0.6 million of income tax expense compared to 1.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The 0.9 million decrease is due to lower taxable income during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Funds from Operations and Adjusted Funds from Operations 
 We believe that net income as defined by GAAP is the most appropriate earnings measure. We also believe that funds from operations FFO ), as defined in accordance with the definition used by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Nareit ), and adjusted funds from operations AFFO (and related per share amounts) are important non-GAAP supplemental measures of our operating performance. Because the historical cost accounting convention used for real estate assets requires straight-line depreciation (except on land), such accounting presentation implies that the value of real estate assets diminishes predictably over time. However, since real estate values have historically risen or fallen with market and other conditions, presentations of operating results for a REIT that use historical cost accounting for depreciation could be less informative. Thus, Nareit created FFO as a supplemental measure of operating performance for REITs that excludes historical cost depreciation and amortization, among other items, from net income, as defined by GAAP. FFO is defined as net income, computed in accordance with GAAP, excluding gains or losses from real estate dispositions and our share of gains or losses from real estate dispositions related to our unconsolidated joint ventures, plus real estate depreciation and amortization, net of amounts related to noncontrolling interests, plus our share of depreciation and amortization related to our unconsolidated joint ventures, and real estate impairment charges of both consolidated and unconsolidated entities when the impairment is directly attributable to decreases in the value of the depreciable real estate held by the entity. AFFO is defined as FFO excluding stock-based compensation expense, non-cash rental and related revenues, non-cash interest income, non-cash interest expense, non-cash portion of loss on extinguishment of debt, provision for (recovery of) loan losses and other reserves, non-cash lease termination income and deferred income taxes, as well as other non-cash revenue and expense items (including noncapitalizable acquisition costs, transaction costs related to operator transitions and organizational or other restructuring activities, ineffectiveness gain/loss on derivative instruments, and non-cash revenue and expense amounts related to noncontrolling interests) and our share of non-cash adjustments related to our unconsolidated joint ventures. We believe that the use of FFO and AFFO (and the related per share amounts), combined with the required GAAP presentations, improves the understanding of our operating results among investors and makes comparisons of operating results among REITs more meaningful. We consider FFO and AFFO to be useful measures for reviewing comparative operating and financial performance because, by excluding the applicable items listed above, FFO and AFFO can help investors compare our operating performance between periods or as compared to other companies. While FFO and AFFO are relevant and widely used measures of operating performance of REITs, they do not represent cash flows from operations or net income as defined by GAAP and should not be considered an alternative to those measures in evaluating our liquidity or operating performance. FFO and AFFO also do not consider the costs associated with capital expenditures related to our real estate assets nor do they purport to be indicative of cash available to fund our future cash requirements. Further, our computation of FFO and AFFO may not be comparable to FFO and AFFO reported by other REITs that do not define FFO in accordance with the current Nareit definition or that interpret the current Nareit definition or define AFFO differently than we do. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 The following table reconciles our calculations of FFO and AFFO for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, to net income, the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, for the same periods (in thousands, except share and per share amounts): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) 29,788 (15,101) 80,017 (3,400) Depreciation and amortization of real estate assets 42,720 43,242 127,315 140,211 Depreciation, amortization and impairment of real estate assets related to unconsolidated joint ventures 2,243 2,255 6,680 6,505 Net loss on sales of real estate 5,745 46,545 3,969 75,893 Impairment of real estate 18,472 7,064 FFO 80,496 76,941 236,453 226,273 Stock-based compensation expense 2,586 2,235 6,448 5,468 Non-cash rental and related revenues (433) (1,312) (2,229) (6,781) Non-cash interest income 12 8 24 (380) Non-cash interest expense 2,611 3,088 8,750 9,179 Non-cash portion of loss on extinguishment of debt 1,541 (Recovery of) provision for loan losses (148) 328 (446) 549 Other adjustments related to unconsolidated joint ventures 113 133 401 371 Other adjustments 353 256 1,192 950 AFFO 85,590 81,677 250,593 237,170 FFO per diluted common share 
 0.34 0.33 1.01 0.97 AFFO per diluted common share 0.36 0.35 1.06 1.01 Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, diluted: FFO 237,043,400 232,835,849 234,777,101 232,566,392 AFFO 237,940,868 233,988,463 235,890,966 233,878,874 
 The following table sets forth additional information related to certain other items included in net income above, and the portions of each that are included in FFO and AFFO, which may be helpful in assessing our operating results. Please refer to Results of Operations above for additional information regarding these items (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net Income FFO AFFO Net Income FFO AFFO Rental and related revenues: Rental and related revenue write-offs 3.1 0.9 3.1 0.9 1.2 5.5 1.4 5.5 1.4 0.8 Interest and other income: Lease termination income 0.2 0.2 0.2 0.2 0.2 0.2 (Recovery of) provision for loan losses (0.1) 0.3 (0.1) 0.3 (0.4) 0.5 (0.4) 0.5 Loss on extinguishment of debt 1.5 1.5 Other income: Insurance income 4.2 4.2 4.2 0.9 4.2 0.9 4.2 0.9 4.2 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 947.8 million in liquidity, consisting of unrestricted cash and cash equivalents of 63.0 million, available borrowings under our Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) of 847.4 million and 37.4 million related to shares outstanding under forward sale agreements under our ATM Program (as defined below). The 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Credit Agreement also contains an accordion feature that can increase the total available borrowings to 2.75 billion (from U.S. 1.4 billion plus CAD 150.0 million), subject to terms and conditions. 
 We have filed a shelf registration statement with the SEC that expires in November 2025, which allows us to offer and sell shares of common stock, preferred stock, warrants, rights, units, and certain of our subsidiaries to offer and sell debt securities, through underwriters, dealers or agents or directly to purchasers, on a continuous or delayed basis, in amounts, at prices and on terms we determine at the time of the offering, subject to market conditions. 
 On February 23, 2023, we established an at-the-market equity offering program (the ATM Program pursuant to which shares of our common stock having an aggregate gross sales price of up to 500.0 million may be sold from time to time (i) by us through a consortium of banks acting as sales agents or directly to the banks acting as principals or (ii) by a consortium of banks acting as forward sellers on behalf of any forward purchasers pursuant to a forward sale agreement. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we utilized the forward feature of the ATM Program to allow for the sale of up to 4.2 million shares of our common stock at an initial weighted average price of 16.10 per share, net of commissions, and we settled 2.3 million shares at a weighted average net price of 15.13 per share, after commissions and fees, resulting in net proceeds of 35.1 million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we utilized the forward feature of the ATM Program to allow for the sale of up to 7.3 million shares of our common stock at an initial weighted average price of 15.41 per share, net of commissions, and we settled 5.0 million shares at a weighted average net price of 14.70 per share, after commissions and fees, resulting in net proceeds of 74.2 million. 
 As of September 30, 2024, 2.2 million shares remained outstanding under the forward sale agreements, with an initial weighted average price of 16.77 per share, net of commissions. 
 No other shares were sold under the ATM Program during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 386.7 million available under the ATM Program. Subject to market conditions, we expect to use proceeds from our ATM Program to finance future investments in properties. 
 Our short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of operating expenses, including our planned capital expenditures and funding commitments, interest expense, scheduled debt service payments under our loan agreements, dividend requirements, general and administrative expenses and other requirements described under Material Cash Requirements below. Based on our current assessment, we believe that our available cash, operating cash flows and borrowings available to us under our Revolving Credit Facility provide sufficient funds for such requirements for the next twelve months. In addition, we do not believe that the restrictions under our Senior Notes Indentures (as defined below) or Credit Agreement significantly limit our ability to use our available liquidity for these purposes. 
 Our long-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of future investments in properties, including any improvements or renovations of current or newly-acquired properties, as well as scheduled debt maturities. We expect to meet these liquidity needs using the sources above as well as the proceeds from issuances of common stock, preferred stock, debt or other securities, additional borrowings, including mortgage debt or a new or refinanced credit facility, and proceeds from the sale of properties. In addition, we may seek financing from U.S. government agencies, including through Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac and the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development, in appropriate circumstances in connection with acquisitions. 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 230.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. Operating cash inflows were derived primarily from the rental payments received under our lease agreements, resident fees and services net of the corresponding operating expenses, and interest payments from borrowers under our loan and preferred equity investments. Operating cash outflows consisted primarily of interest payments on borrowings and payment of general and administrative expenses, including corporate overhead. Increases to operating cash flows primarily relate to completed investment activity, and decreases to operating cash flows primarily relate to disposition activity and interest expense from increased borrowing activity and higher interest rates. In addition, the change in operating cash flows was impacted by the timing of collections from our tenants and borrowers and fluctuations in the operating results of our Senior Housing - Managed communities. We expect our annualized cash flows provided by operating activities to fluctuate as a result of such activity. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in investing activities was 127.6 million and included 112.2 million used for the acquisition of three facilities, 39.2 million used for additions to real estate, 21.5 million used to 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 provide funding for loans receivable, 2.5 million used to provide funding for a preferred equity investment and 0.7 million used for the investment in an unconsolidated joint venture, partially offset by 40.5 million in net proceeds from the sales of real estate, 5.3 million in repayments of preferred equity investments and 2.8 million in repayments of loans receivable. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash used in financing activities was 80.6 million and included 209.2 million of dividends paid to stockholders, 1.5 million of principal repayments on secured debt and 0.1 million of payments of deferred financing costs related to the Credit Agreement, partially offset by 71.4 million of proceeds from shares sold through our ATM Program, net of related costs and payroll costs related to the issuance of common stock pursuant to equity compensation arrangements, and 58.8 million of net proceeds from our Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Please see the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows for details of our operating, investing and financing cash activities. 
 Material Cash Requirements 
 Our material cash requirements include the following contractual and other obligations. 
 Senior Unsecured Notes. Our senior unsecured notes consisted of the following (collectively, the Senior Notes as of September 30, 2024 (dollars in thousands): 
 Title Maturity Date Principal Balance (1) 
 5.125 senior unsecured notes due 2026 (the 2026 Notes 
 August 15, 2026 500,000 5.88 senior unsecured notes due 2027 (the 2027 Notes 
 May 17, 2027 100,000 3.90 senior unsecured notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes 
 October 15, 2029 350,000 3.20 senior unsecured notes due 2031 (the 2031 Notes 
 December 1, 2031 800,000 1,750,000 
 (1) Principal balance does not include discount, net of 4.8 million and deferred financing costs, net of 9.3 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 See Note 8, Debt, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements and Subsidiary Issuer and Guarantor Financial Information below for additional information concerning the Senior Notes, including information regarding the indentures and agreements governing the Senior Notes (the Senior Notes Indentures ). As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants under the Senior Notes Indentures. 
 Credit Agreement . Effective January 4, 2023, the Operating Partnership and Sabra Canadian Holdings, LLC (together, the Borrowers ), and the other parties thereto entered into a sixth amended and restated unsecured credit agreement (the Credit Agreement ). The Credit Agreement includes a 1.0 billion revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ), a 430.0 million U.S. dollar term loan and a CAD 150.0 million Canadian dollar term loan (collectively, the Term Loans ). Further, up to 350.0 million of the Revolving Credit Facility may be used for borrowings in certain foreign currencies. The Credit Agreement also contains an accordion feature that can increase the total available borrowings to 2.75 billion, subject to terms and conditions. 
 The Revolving Credit Facility has a maturity date of January 4, 2027, and includes two six-month extension options. The Term Loans have a maturity date of January 4, 2028. 
 The obligations of the Borrowers under the Credit Agreement are guaranteed by us and certain of our subsidiaries. 
 See Note 8, Debt, in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information concerning the Credit Agreement, including information regarding covenants contained in the Credit Agreement. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all applicable covenants under the Credit Agreement. 
 Secured Indebtedness. As of September 30, 2024, eight of our properties held for investment were subject to secured indebtedness to third parties, and our secured debt consisted of the following (dollars in thousands): 
 Interest Rate Type Principal Balance (1) 
 Weighted Average Interest Rate Maturity Date Fixed Rate 46,623 2.85 May 2031 - August 2051 
 (1) Principal balance does not include deferred financing costs, net of 0.8 million as of September 30, 2024. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Interest. Our estimated interest and facility fee payments based on principal amounts of debt outstanding as of September 30, 2024, applicable interest rates in effect as of September 30, 2024, and including the impact of interest rate swaps and collars are 31.6 million for the remainder of 2024, 106.5 million in 2025, 106.5 million in 2026, 66.1 million in 2027, 40.6 million in 2028 and 100.9 million thereafter. 
 Capital and Other Expenditures and Funding Commitments. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our aggregate capital expenditures were 39.2 million and 63.8 million, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, our aggregate commitment for future capital and other expenditures related to facilities leased under triple-net operating leases was approximately 15 million, of which 12 million will directly result in incremental rental income, and approximately 5 million will be spent over the next 12 months. We also expect to fund capital expenditures related to our Senior Housing - Managed communities. 
 In addition, as of September 30, 2024, we have committed to provide up to 1.5 million of future funding related to two loan receivable investments. 
 Dividends. To maintain REIT status, we are required each year to distribute to stockholders at least 90 of our annual REIT taxable income after certain adjustments. All distributions will be made by us at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend on our financial position, results of operations, cash flows, capital requirements, debt covenants (which include limits on distributions by us), applicable law, and other factors as our board of directors deems relevant. 
 We paid dividends of 209.2 million on our common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. On October 31, 2024, our board of directors declared a quarterly cash dividend of 0.30 per share of common stock. The dividend will be paid on November 29, 2024 to common stockholders of record as of November 15, 2024. 
 Subsidiary Issuer and Guarantor Financial Information. In connection with the Operating Partnership s assumption of the 2026 Notes, we have fully and unconditionally guaranteed the 2026 Notes. The 2029 Notes and 2031 Notes are issued by the Operating Partnership and guaranteed, fully and unconditionally, by us. 
 These guarantees are subordinated to all existing and future senior debt and senior guarantees of us, as guarantor, and are unsecured. We conduct all of our business through and derive virtually all of our income from our subsidiaries. Therefore, our ability to make required payments with respect to our indebtedness (including the Senior Notes) and other obligations depends on the financial results and condition of our subsidiaries and our ability to receive funds from our subsidiaries. 
 In accordance with Regulation S-X, the following aggregate summarized financial information is provided for Sabra and the Operating Partnership. This aggregate summarized financial information has been prepared from the books and records maintained by us and the Operating Partnership. The aggregate summarized financial information does not include the investments in, nor the earnings from, subsidiaries other than the Operating Partnership and therefore is not necessarily indicative of the results of operations or financial position had the Operating Partnership operated as an independent entity. Intercompany transactions have been eliminated. The aggregate summarized balance sheet information as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and aggregate summarized statement of loss information for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is as follows (in thousands): 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Total assets 86,948 72,730 Total liabilities 2,336,978 2,272,119 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Total revenues 851 Total expenses 113,086 Net loss (112,403) 
 Concentration of Credit Risk 
 Concentrations of credit risk arise when a number of tenants or obligors related to our investments are engaged in similar business activities, or activities in the same geographic region, or have similar economic features that would cause their ability to meet contractual obligations, including those to us, to be similarly affected by changes in economic conditions. We regularly monitor our portfolio to assess potential concentrations of risks. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Management believes our current portfolio is reasonably diversified across healthcare related real estate and geographical location and does not contain any other significant concentration of credit risks. Our portfolio of 373 real estate properties held for investment as of September 30, 2024 is diversified by location across the U.S. and Canada. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, no tenant relationship represented 10 or more of our total revenues. 
 Skilled Nursing Facility Reimbursement Rates 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 39.6 of our revenues was derived directly or indirectly from skilled nursing/transitional care facilities. Medicare reimburses skilled nursing facilities for Medicare Part A services under the Prospective Payment System PPS ), as implemented pursuant to the Balanced Budget Act of 1997 and modified pursuant to subsequent laws, most recently the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010. PPS regulations predetermine a payment amount per patient, per day, based on a market basket index calculated for all covered costs. 
 On October 1, 2019, a case-mix classification system called the skilled nursing facility Patient-Driven Payment Model PDPM became effective pursuant to a Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS final rule. PDPM focuses on clinically relevant factors, rather than volume-based service, for determining Medicare payment. PDPM adjusts Medicare payments based on each aspect of a resident s care, most notably for non-therapy ancillaries, which are items and services not related to the provision of therapy such as drugs and medical supplies, thereby more accurately addressing costs associated with medically complex patients. It further adjusts the skilled nursing facility per diem payments to reflect varying costs throughout the stay and incorporates safeguards against potential financial incentives to ensure that beneficiaries receive care consistent with their unique needs and goals. 
 On July 31, 2023, CMS issued a final rule regarding fiscal year 2024 Medicare rates for skilled nursing facilities providing an estimated net increase of 4.0 compared to fiscal year 2023 comprised of an increase as a result of an update to the payment rates of 6.4 (which is based on (i) a market basket increase of 3.0 plus (ii) a market basket forecast error adjustment of 3.6 and less (iii) a productivity adjustment of 0.2 ), partially offset by the second phase of the recalibrated PDPM parity adjustment of 2.3 . These figures do not incorporate any of the estimated value-based purchasing reductions for skilled nursing facilities. The new payment rates became effective on October 1, 2023. 
 On April 22, 2024, CMS issued a final rule that establishes minimum nurse staffing requirements for long-term care facilities (the Minimum Staffing Standards ). The Minimum Staffing Standards will require a total nurse staffing standard of 3.48 hours per resident day HPRD ), which must include at least 0.55 HPRD of direct registered nurse care and 2.45 HPRD of direct nurse aide care. Facilities may use any combination of nurse staff (registered nurse, licensed practical nurse and licensed vocational nurse, or nurse aide) to account for the additional 0.48 HPRD needed to comply with the total nurse staffing standard. Additionally, the Minimum Staffing Standards will require facilities to meet new facility assessment requirements and have a registered nurse onsite 24 hours a day, seven days a week, to provide skilled nursing care. The Minimum Staffing Standards became effective on June 21, 2024, with a compliance deadline for the new facility assessment requirements of August 8, 2024 and a phase-in period consisting of three phases over three years for non-rural facilities and over five years for rural facilities for the staffing requirements. We believe the Minimum Staffing Standards, as implemented in its current form, will exacerbate the staffing challenges already faced by our tenants. The Minimum Staffing Standards are currently being challenged in federal court, however there can be no assurance that the outcome of such challenges will be favorable to us. 
 On July 31, 2024, CMS issued a final rule regarding fiscal year 2025 Medicare rates for skilled nursing facilities providing an estimated net increase of 4.2 compared to fiscal year 2024 (comprised of (i) a market basket increase of 3.0 plus (ii) a market basket forecast error adjustment of 1.7 and less (iii) a productivity adjustment of 0.5 ). These figures do not incorporate any of the estimated value-based purchasing reductions for skilled nursing facilities. The new payment rates became effective on October 1, 2024. Additionally, the proposed rule expands the civil monetary penalties CMP that can be imposed for noncompliance to allow for more CMPs per instance and per day. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 There have been no material changes to the quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk set forth in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon, and as of the date of, the evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024 to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 None of the Company or any of its subsidiaries is a party to, and none of their respective property is the subject of, any material legal proceeding, although we are from time to time party to legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes in our assessment of our risk factors from those set forth in Part I, Item 1A of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Ex. Description 3.1 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., dated October 20, 2010, filed with the State Department of Assessments and Taxation of the State of Maryland on October 21, 2010 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on October 26, 2010). 
 3.1.1 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., dated as of July 31, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on July 31, 2017). 
 3.1.2 Articles of Amendment to the Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., dated as of June 9, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on June 12, 2020). 
 3.1.3 Articles Supplementary of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc., dated as of December 15, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on December 16, 2022). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on December 16, 2022). 
 22.1 List of Subsidiary Issuers and Guarantors of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 22.1 of the Annual Report on 10-K filed by Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. on February 22, 2022). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Ex. Description 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - the cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 
 Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 SABRA HEALTH CARE REIT, INC. Date: October 31, 2024 By: /S/ RICHARD K. MATROS Richard K. Matros Chief Executive Officer, President and Chair (Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 31, 2024 By: /S/ MICHAEL COSTA Michael Costa Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Executive Vice President (Principal Financial Officer) 
 43 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 sbraex3112024q3.htm
 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Richard K. Matros, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 
 S RICHARD K. MATROS Richard K. Matros Chief Executive Officer, President and Chair 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 sbraex3122024q3.htm
 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 
 Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Michael Costa, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 
 S MICHAEL COSTA Michael Costa Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Executive Vice President 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 sbraex3212024q3.htm
 SECTION 906 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. (the Registrant for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Richard K. Matros, as Chief Executive Officer, President and Chair of the Registrant, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 
 S RICHARD K. MATROS Richard K. Matros Chief Executive Officer, President and Chair 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 sbraex3222024q3.htm
 SECTION 906 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Sabra Health Care REIT, Inc. (the Registrant for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), Michael Costa, as Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Executive Vice President of the Registrant, hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of his knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 

Date October 31, 2024 
 
 S MICHAEL COSTA Michael Costa Chief Financial Officer, Secretary and Executive Vice President 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sbra-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 sbra-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sbra-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sbra-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sbra-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

