<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241202_10-Q_edgar_data_1848861_0001477932-24-007776.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4063732</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>112040</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>687242</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>876921</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>977599</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1316325</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001477932-24-007776.hdr.sgml : 20241202
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241202161537
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001477932-24-007776
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		49
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241202
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241202

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Healthcare AI Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001848861
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				981585450
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41145
		FILM NUMBER:		241519221

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		418 BROADWAY #6434
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12207
		BUSINESS PHONE:		917-446-0469

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		418 BROADWAY #6434
		CITY:			ALBANY
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12207

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001477932-24-007776.txt : 20241202

10-Q
 1
 haia_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

haia_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark One) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission File Number: (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 19901 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) ) (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b 2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of November 28, 2024 there were Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1 Class B ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, issued and outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. Table of Contents Page Part I. Financial Information Item 1. Financial Statements Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 3 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 4 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Three and Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 5 Unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months ended September 30, 2024 6 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 7 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 23 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk Item 4. Controls and Procedures Part II. Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 31 Item 1A. Risk Factors 31 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 33 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 33 Item 4. Mine Safely Disclosures 33 Item 5. Other Information 33 Item 6. Exhibits 34 Part III. Signatures 35 2 Table of Contents HEALTHCARE AI ACQUISITION CORP. UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Assets Cash on hand Prepaid expenses Total current assets Prepaid expenses, non-current Cash and investments held in trust account Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Accrued offering costs and expenses Promissory Note - related Party Due to related party Total current liabilities Warrant liability Deferred liabilities Deferred underwriting commissions Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Shareholders Equity: Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption, respectively) Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Total Shareholders Deficit Total Liabilities, Redeemable Ordinary Shares and Shareholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 3 Table of Contents HEALTHCARE AI ACQUISITION CORP. UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATION For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Formation and operating costs Loss from operations Other income: Interest income on investments held in Trust Account Change in fair value of warrant liability Change in fair value of over-allotment liability Total other income Net income (loss) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share, Class A ordinary shares Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share, Class B ordinary shares The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 4 Table of Contents HEALTHCARE AI ACQUISITION CORP. UNAUDITED INTERIM UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 Class A Class B Additional Total Ordinary Share Ordinary Share Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of December 31, 2023 - Re-measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - - - Net income - - - - Balance as of March 31, 2024(Unaudited) - Re-measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - - - - Net income - - - - - Balance as of June 30, 2024(Unaudited) - Re-measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - - - Net income - - - - Balance as of September 30, 2024(Unaudited) - FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 Class A Class B Additional Total Ordinary Share Ordinary Share Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of December 31, 2022 - Re-measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - Net income - - Balance as of March 31, 2023(Unaudited) - Conversion of class B shares to class A shares. Re-measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - Capital contribution - - Forgive of deferred underwriter discount - - Net income - - Balance as of June 30, 2023(Unaudited) Re-measurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption - - Net income - - Balance as of September 30, 2023(Unaudited) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 5 Table of Contents HEALTHCARE AI ACQUISITION CORP. UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Interest earned on investments held in trust Change in warrant liability Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid assets Accrued offering costs and expenses Due to related party Deferred liabilities Net cash (used in) operating activities Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds of promissory note - related party Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash Cash, beginning of the period Cash, end of the period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Deferred underwriting payable forgave Administrative service fee forgave by related party charge to additional paid in capital Deferred offering costs assumed by related party charge to additional paid in capital Redemption of shares from marketable securities held in trust account Promissory loan from sponsor for extension The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 6 Table of Contents HEALTHCARE AI ACQUISITION CORP. NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 units, including the issuance of units as a result of the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option (the Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares and warrants included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares and Public Warrants, respectively), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants ), (including Private Placement Warrants in connection with the partial exercise of the underwriters overallotment option), at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting discount and of other offering costs. In addition, of cash was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for working capital purposes. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the Company s signing a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete an initial Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete an initial Business Combination successfully. Following the closing of the IPO on December 14, 2021, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a Trust Account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and may only be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, . Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay the income taxes, if any, the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as discussed below and subject to the requirements of law and regulation, provide that the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account (1) to the Company, until the completion of the initial Business Combination, or (2) to the public shareholders, until the earliest of (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholders properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the obligation to provide holders of the Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within months from the closing of the IPO or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares, and (c) the redemption of the public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within months from the closing of the IPO , subject to applicable law. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (b) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within months from the closing of the IPO, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the public shareholders. 7 Table of Contents prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any, divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account is initially set to be 10.20 per public share. The per share amount the Company will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters. The Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption are recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). The Company originally had 18 months from the closing of the IPO to consummate the initial Business Combination (the Combination Period ). If the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period. On June 8, 2023, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement in connection with the transfer from the Sponsor to Atticus Ale, LLC (the New Sponsor of Founder Shares (the Transfer which Transfer closed on June 12, 2023 (the Sponsor Handover ), on which date an amendment to the Letter Agreement was approved to allow the transfer of Class B ordinary shares of the Company, par value per share Founder Shares to Class A ordinary shares, on a one-for-one basis, by its initial shareholders, including the Sponsor, at any time prior to closing of business combination. On June 12, 2023, the Company approved a special resolution to the Articles of Association to extend the time to consummate a business combination until June 14, 2024, on a month-to-month basis by depositing into the Company s trust account for each one-month extension, up to twelve (12) times (the New Extensions ). On the same date, the Articles of Association was also amended to remove the limitation that the Company may not redeem Public Shares to the extent that such redemption would result in the Company having net tangible assets of less than (the Redemption Limitation in order to allow the Company to redeem Public Shares irrespective of whether such redemption would exceed the Redemption Limitation. 8 Table of Contents Class A Shares. Following the Sponsor Handover, shares were redeemed by public shareholders for per share. As a result, was removed from the Company s trust account to pay such shareholders. In connection with the shareholders vote at the Special Meeting of Shareholders held by the Company on August 11, 2023, shares were further tendered for redemption. As a result, approximately (approximately per share) was removed from the Company s Trust Account to pay such holders, without taking into account additional allocation of payments to cover any tax obligation of the Company since that date. Immediate following redemptions, the Company had Class A Shares outstanding, and one Class B Share outstanding, and approximately remain in the Company s Trust Account. On August 15, 2024, the Company entered into a Business Combination Agreement with Leading Partners Limited (the Holdco or Combined Company and Leading Group Limited LEADING ), which is a provider of insurance products in the People s Republic of China. The agreement provides that the Company s ordinary shares will be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive Holdco Class A shares on a one-on-one basis at closing. The private placement warrants purchased by the initial sponsor at the time of the Company s initial public offering, will be cancelled in exchange for Holdco Class A Ordinary Shares. In addition, LEADING equity holders will receive an aggregate of Holdco Class A Ordinary Shares in exchange for of the issued and outstanding shares of LEADING. Closing of the agreement is subject to satisfaction of certain conditions precedent to closing. Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and , respectively, in its operating bank account, and working capital (deficit) of and , respectively. Prior to the completion of the IPO, the Company lacked the liquidity it needed to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statement. The Company has since completed its IPO at which time capital in excess of the funds deposited in the Trust Account and/or used to fund offering expenses was released to the Company for general working capital purposes. The Company anticipates that the cash held outside of the Trust Account as of September 30, 2024, might not be sufficient to allow the Company to operate for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements, assuming that a business combination is not consummated during that time. Until consummation of its business combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account, any additional Working Capital Loans and promissory notes (as defined in Note 5) from the New Sponsor, certain of the Company s new officers and directors (see Note 5), for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. 9 Table of Contents for each one-month extension. In connection with the shareholders vote at the Special Meeting of Shareholders held by the Company on August 11, 2023, a special resolution was approved to further extend the date by which it has to complete a business combination to December 14, 2024 with no additional payment to the trust account. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a business combination by either the date of consummation of a business combination or December 14, 2024. If a business combination is not consummated by the required date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in FASB ASU2014-15, management has determined that mandatory liquidation, and subsequent dissolution, should the Company be unable to complete a business combination, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. The Company can raise additional capital through Working Capital Loans and Promissory Notes from the New Sponsor, certain of the Company s new officers, and directors (see Note 5), or through loans from third parties. None of the New Sponsor, officers or directors are under any obligation to advance funds to, or to invest in, the Company. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of its business plan, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. Risks and Uncertainties Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on the industry and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of these financial statements. In February 2022, the Russian Federation and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. As a result of the action, various nations, including the United States, have instituted economic sanctions against the Russian Federation and Belarus. As of the date of these financial statements, the impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy is not determinable. While it is reasonably possible that the action could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations, and cash flows, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of the financial statements. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 10 Table of Contents Use of Estimates Concentration of Credit Risk . The Company has not experienced losses on this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. Cash and Cash Equivalents and in cash held in its operating account as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. Cash and Investments Held in Trust Account and in the Trust Account assets which consisted entirely of investments in money market funds and cash, respectively. Following the Sponsor Handover, and shares were redeemed by public shareholders for and per share, respectively. As a result, and was removed from the Company s trust account to pay such shareholders on June 13, 2023 and August 11, 2023, respectively. Investments in money market funds are recognized at fair value and are presented on the condensed balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of these securities is included in income from investments held in the Trust Account in the accompanying statement of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. 11 Table of Contents Fair Value of Financial Instruments Derivative Financial Instruments 12 Table of Contents warrants Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants) issued in connection with the IPO are recognized as derivative liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40. Accordingly, the Company recognized the warrant instruments as liabilities at fair value and adjust the instruments to fair value at each reporting period. The liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value will be recognized in the Company s statement of operations. Derivative warrant liabilities will be classified as non-current liabilities as their liquidation will not be reasonably expected to require the use of current assets or require the creation of current liabilities. On June 12, 2023, the Company entered into a Warrant Exchange Agreement with Healthcare AI Acquisition LLC (the Former Sponsor whereby at the time of the initial business combination, the Former Sponsor will surrender for cancelation private placement warrants purchased at the time of the IPO in exchange for the Company issuing to the Former Sponsor Class A Shares. Net (Loss) Income Per Ordinary Share Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding including ordinary shares subject to redemption Basic and diluted net (loss) income per ordinary share Denominator: Weighted-average shares outstanding including ordinary shares subject to redemption Basic and diluted net (loss) income per ordinary share 13 Table of Contents is not included in the redemption value of the shares subject to redemption since it is only taken into account in the event of the Company s liquidation. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the amount of Class A ordinary shares reflected on the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table: Plus: Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Contingently redeemable ordinary shares as of December 31, 2022 Less: Redemption of Class A ordinary shares Plus: Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Contingently redeemable ordinary shares as of December 31, 2023 Plus: Accretion of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Contingently redeemable ordinary shares as of September 30, 2024 Offering Costs associated with the Initial Public Offering as a result of the IPO (consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees and of other offering costs). The Company recorded of offering costs as a reduction of temporary equity in connection with the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units. The Company immediately expensed of offering costs in connection with the Public Warrants, Private Placement Warrants and over-allotment options that were classified as liabilities. 14 Table of Contents Recently Issued Accounting Standards Units, including Units as a result of the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, at a price of per Unit. (See Note 7). warrants at a price of per warrant (the Private Placement Warrants ), for an aggregate purchase price of A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will be worthless (See Note 7). On June 12, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement whereby at the time of the initial business combination, the Former Sponsor will surrender for cancelation private placement warrants in exchange for the Company issuing to the Former Sponsor Class A Shares. 15 Table of Contents , or approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for Class B ordinary shares, par value (the Founder Shares ). On October 27, 2021, the Former Sponsor surrendered Class B ordinary shares for no consideration. On December 8, 2021, the Former Sponsor sold an aggregate of Founder Shares to the Company s independent directors for an aggregate purchase price of . In connection with the expiration of the overallotment option on January 24, 2022, the Former Sponsor surrendered an additional Class B ordinary shares for no consideration. As a result, the Sponsor held Class B ordinary shares. On June 8, 2023, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement in connection with the transfer from the Former Sponsor to Atticus Ale, LLC (the New Sponsor of Founder Shares which Transfer closed on June 12, 2023. On June 29, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its Class A ordinary shares, par value per share to the holders of the Company s Class B ordinary shares upon the conversion of an equal number of Class B Shares. The Class B Shareholders include Former Sponsor, New Sponsor, and four initial shareholders. The Class A Shares issued in connection with the Conversion are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B Shares before the Conversion, including, among other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination as described in the prospectus for our initial public offering. Following the Conversion, there were one (1) Class B Share issued and outstanding. As a result of the conversion, the Former Sponsor and the New Sponsor each hold and respectively, of the Company s outstanding Class A Shares. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and our directors and executive officers with respect to any Founder Shares or its converted Class A shares. Promissory Note Related Party On February 23, 2021, the Former Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of December 31, 2022 or the closing of the IPO. On April 20, 2022, the Company paid to the Former Sponsor in full repayment of the promissory note. On June 15, 2023 and July 14, 2023, the New Sponsor loaned the Company a total of pursuant to a non-interest bearing and unsecured promissory note amounted to that is due upon closing of an initial Business Combination. As a result, the Company extended the time available to the Company to consummate its initial business combination from June 14, 2023 until August 14, 2023. From July 2023 to December 2023, the New Sponsor and New Sponsor s shareholder loaned a total of and to the Company pursuant to a non-interest bearing and unsecured promissory note that is due upon closing of an initial Business Combination. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had borrowings under promissory note. On August 23, 2024, the Company issued one unsecured promissory note in an amount of to LEADING for Company s working capital purposes. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had borrowings under promissory note. 16 Table of Contents of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and borrowings under the New Sponsor s Working Capital Loans. Administrative Service Fee Commencing on December 9, 2021, the effective date of the Company s registration statement for IPO, the Company will pay the Former Sponsor 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative services provided to the members of the Company s management team. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. As of the date of Sponsor Handover and December 31, 2022, and has been accrued, respectively. Upon Sponsor Handover, the Former Sponsor waived its entitlement to the payment of administrative service fee in the amount of , which was treated as a capital contribution from former Sponsor. The New Sponsor won t charge administrative service fee to the Company. Deferred liabilities Deferred liabilities as of the date of Sponsor Handover in the amount of , which was a deferred legal expense in relation to the proposed business combination, was transferred from the Company to the Former Sponsor upon Sponsor Handover. The transfer was treated as a capital contribution from the Former Sponsor. . 17 Table of Contents per Unit, or . Additionally, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. On June 6, 2023, the underwriters waived their respective entitlement to the payment of deferred underwriting discount in the amount of . Consulting Services Agreement On September 26, 2022, the Company entered into an agreement with a vendor for investment banking services related to the initial Business Combination. Should the vendor advise on an investment that is successfully completed by the Company, the Company will facilitate for the vendor, or an affiliate, to have an option to acquire up to Class B shares at a share price equal to per share provided that (x) such shares shall be subject to the same vesting schedules (if any) as the other Class B shares issued by the Company and (y) the number of Class B shares to be offered to the vendor shall be reduced pro rata to any reduction in the number of Class B shares outstanding at the time of the closing of the Business Combination. Following the Sponsor Handover, the Consulting Service Agreement was terminated at the time of the Sponsor Handover. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, no fees has been accrued in the accompanying balance sheets. warrants to be issued in connection with the IPO Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant much be recorded as a liability. Accordingly, the Company has classified each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statement of operations. Public Warrants As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had Public Warrants outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Company s initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares during the 20-trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 18 Table of Contents per warrant; Upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20-trading days within a 30-trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sent the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. Redemption of Warrants When the Price per Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds 10.00 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): in whole and not in part; at per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares determined by reference to the table below, based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined below) except as otherwise described below; and if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per public share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20-trading days within the 30-trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sent the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. The fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares for the above purpose shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares during the 10-trading days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. Private Placement Warrants The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of our initial Business Combination and they will not be redeemable by the Company so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 19 Table of Contents private placement warrants purchased at the time of the IPO in exchange for the Company issuing to the Former Sponsor Class A Shares. preference shares with a par value of . As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. On September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption. Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. On October 27, 2021, the Former Sponsor surrendered Class B ordinary shares for no consideration. On December 10, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option. In connection with the expiration of the overallotment option on January 24, 2022, the Former Sponsor surrendered Class B ordinary shares for no consideration. On June 12, 2023, the Former Sponsor transferred Class B ordinary shares to the New Sponsor. On June 29, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of shares of its Class A ordinary shares to the holders of the Company s Class B ordinary shares upon the conversion of an equal number of Class B Shares. The Class B Shareholders include the Former Sponsor, the New Sponsor, and four initial shareholders. The Class A Shares issued in connection with the Conversion are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B Shares before the Conversion, including, among other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination as described in the prospectus for our initial public offering. Accordingly, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was one ) Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders except as required by law; provided that only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination. Unless specified in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by the Company s shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, and pursuant to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. 20 Table of Contents of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. . Total Assets Liabilities: Warrant liabilities Public Warrants Warrant liabilities Private Placement Warrants Total Liabilities Total Assets Liabilities: Warrant liabilities Public Warrants Warrant liabilities Private Placement Warrants Total Liabilities The Overallotment Option, Public Warrants and the Private Placement Warrants were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within liabilities on the balance sheet. The warrant liabilities are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in fair value presented within change in fair value of warrant liabilities in the statement of operations. 21 Table of Contents , to LEADING, for a loan to the Company from LEADING for working capital purposes. The Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of the Business Combination by the Company. On November 26, 2024, the Company held an general annual meeting. As approved by its shareholders at the General Annual Meeting, the following proposal was approved as a special resolution, giving the Company the right to extend the date by which it has to complete a business combination from December 14, 2024 on a month-to-month basis until May 14, 2025, by depositing into the trust account the lesser of or per non-redeemed public share for each monthly extension deposited into the Company s trust account. In connection with the shareholders vote at the General Annual Meeting of Shareholders held by the Company on November 26, 2024, shares were tendered for redemption. As a result, approximately .75 (approximately per share) will be removed from the Company s Trust Account to pay such holders, without taking into account additional allocation of payments to cover any tax obligation of the Company since that date. Following redemptions, the Company will have Class A Shares outstanding, and one Class B Share outstanding, and approximately .81 will remain in the Company s Trust Account. 22 Table of Contents ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. References in this Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Healthcare AI Acquisition Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, references to the Former Sponsor refer to Healthcare AI Acquisition, LLC, and references to the New Sponsor refer to Atticus Ale, LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other SEC filings. Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on February 12, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We have not selected any business combination target, and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, initiated any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of our initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. Our registration statement for the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on December 9, 2021. On December 14, 2021, we consummated an initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering of 20,000,000 units (each, a Unit and collectively, the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units, the Public Shares ), at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000. On December 10, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase an additional 1,562,401 Units (the Over-Allotment Units ). On December 14, 2021, the Company completed the sale of the Over-Allotment Units to the underwriters (the Over-Allotment ), generating gross proceeds of 15,624,010 and incurring additional offering costs of approximately 859,320 in underwriting fees (inclusive of approximately 546,840 in deferred underwriting commissions). Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering on December 14, 2021, the Company completed the private placement (the Private Placement of an aggregate of 11,124,960 private placement warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant (including the 624,960 Private Placement Warrants sold in connection with the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option) to the former Sponsor, generating proceeds of 11,124,960. Transaction costs amounted to 12,926,100 consisting of 4,312,480 of underwriting discount, 7,546,840 of deferred underwriting discount and 1,066,780 of other offering costs. In addition, 2,500,000 of cash was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for working capital purposes. 23 Table of Contents Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on December 14, 2021, an amount of 219,936,490 10.20 per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account Trust Account ), located in the United States at J.P. Morgan Chase Bank, N.A., with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and is invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market fund meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. On June 8, 2023, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement in connection with the transfer from the former Sponsor to Atticus Ale, LLC (the New Sponsor or Sponsor of 3,184,830 Founder Shares (the Transfer which Transfer closed on June 12, 2023 (the Sponsor Handover ), on which date an amendment to the Letter Agreement was approved to allow the transfer of Class B ordinary shares of the Company, 0.0001 par value per share Founder Shares or Class B Shares to Class A Shares, on a one-for-one basis, by its initial shareholders, including the Sponsor, at any time prior to closing of business combination. On June 12, 2023, the Company approved a special resolution to the Articles of Association to extend the time to consummate a business combination until June 14, 2024, on a month-to-month basis by depositing 50,000 into the Company s trust account for each one-month extension, up to twelve (12) times (the New Extensions ). On the same date, the Articles of Association was also amended to remove the limitation that the Company may not redeem Public Shares to the extent that such redemption would result in the Company having net tangible assets of less than 5,000,001 (the Redemption Limitation in order to allow the Company to redeem Public Shares irrespective of whether such redemption would exceed the Redemption Limitation. In connection with the Sponsor Handover, the following agreements were executed: (i) a Joinder Agreement, dated June 12, 2023, between the Company and the New Sponsor, whereby the New Sponsor agreed to become a party to the Letter Agreement and the Registration Rights Agreement and transferring to the New Sponsor, following consummation of the Company s initial business combination, the right to appoint three members to the board of directors; and (ii) a Warrant Exchange Agreement, dated June 12, 2023, between the former Sponsor and the Company whereby upon the consummation of the initial business combination, the Placement Warrants will be exchanged for 500,000 Class A Shares. Following the Sponsor Handover, 19,824,274 shares were redeemed by public shareholders for 10.54 per share. As a result, 208,992,255 was removed from the Company s trust account to pay such shareholders. In connection with the Sponsor Handover, Citigroup Global Markets Inc. and Jefferies LLC, waived their respective entitlement to the payment of any Deferred Discount (as such term is defined therein) to be paid under the terms of Section 2(c) and Section 5(bb) of the Underwriting Agreement dated December 9, 2021. Following the Sponsor Handover, 19,824,274 and 1,146,276 shares were redeemed by public shareholders for 10.54 and 10.73 per share, respectively. As a result, 208,992,255 and 12,302,385 was removed from the Company s trust account to pay such shareholders, respectively. In addition, the officers and directors that worked with the Former Sponsor were replaced by a new management team. On June 29, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate of 5,390,599 shares of its Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share to the holders of the Company s Class B ordinary shares upon the conversion of an equal number of Class B Shares. The Class B Shareholders include Former Sponsor, New Sponsor, and four initial shareholders. The 5,390,599 Class A Shares issued in connection with the Conversion are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the Class B Shares before the Conversion, including, among other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business combination as described in the prospectus for our initial public offering. Following the Conversion, there were one (1) Class B Share issued and outstanding. As a result of the conversion, the Former Sponsor and the New Sponsor each hold 30 and 45 respectively, of the Company s outstanding Class A Shares. In connection with the shareholders vote at the Special Meeting of Shareholders held by the Company on August 11, 2023, 1,146,276 shares were tendered for redemption. As a result, approximately 12,302,385 (approximately 10.73 per share) was removed from the Company s Trust Account to pay such holders, without taking into account additional allocation of payments to cover any tax obligation of the Company since that date. Following redemptions, the Company has 591,851 Class A Shares outstanding, and one Class B Share outstanding, and approximately 6,352,029 will remain in the Company s Trust Account. 24 Table of Contents Our current management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, over-allotment, and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating an initial business combination. There is no assurance that we will be able to complete an initial business combination successfully. We must complete one or more initial business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the signing of the agreement to enter into an initial business combination. However, we will only complete an initial business combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). We will provide the holders (the Public Shareholders of Public Shares, with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of an initial business combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of an initial business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely at our discretion. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be 10.20 per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay income taxes). The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. We will proceed with a Business Combination only if a majority of the ordinary shares, represented in person or by proxy and entitled to vote thereon, voted at a shareholder meeting are voted in favor of an initial business combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which we adopted upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering (the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing an initial business combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transactions is required by law, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. If we seek shareholder approval in connection with an initial business combination, the initial shareholders (as defined below) have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of an initial business combination. In addition, the initial shareholders and the New Sponsor have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and Public Shares in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek shareholder approval of an initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with an initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provide that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without our prior consent. Our New Sponsor, officers and directors (the initial shareholders have agreed not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (a) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Public Shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our Public Shares if we do not complete our Business Combination by December 14, 2024 (the Combination Period or with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of Public Shareholders, unless we provide the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 25 Table of Contents If we have not completed an initial business combination within the Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us to pay for its income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and its board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. The initial shareholders have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants held by them if we fail to complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period. However, if the initial shareholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if we fail to complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period. The underwriter has agreed to waive its rights to its deferred underwriting commission held in the Trust Account in the event we do not complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution (including Trust Account assets) will be only 10.20 per share initially held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, our Sponsor has agreed to be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) 10.20 per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than 10.20 per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (excluding our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business, execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. On August 15, 2024, we entered into a Business Combination Agreement with Leading Partners Limited (the Holdco or Combined Company and Leading Group Limited LEADING ), which is a provider of insurance products in the People s Republic of China. The agreement provides that our ordinary shares will be cancelled in exchange for the right to receive Holdco Class A shares on a one-on-one basis at closing. The 11,124,960 private placement warrants purchased by our initial sponsor at the time of our initial public offering, will be cancelled in exchange for 500,000 Holdco Class A Ordinary Shares. In addition, LEADING equity holders will receive an aggregate of 43,000,000 Holdco Class A Ordinary Shares in exchange for 100 of the issued and outstanding shares of LEADING. Closing of the Business Combination Agreement is subject to satisfaction of certain conditions precedent to closing. 26 Table of Contents On November 26, 2024, the Company held an general annual meeting. As approved by its shareholders at the general annual eeting, the following proposal was approved as a special resolution, giving the Company the right to extend the date by which it has to complete a business combination from December 14, 2024 on a month-to-month basis until May 14, 2025, by depositing into the trust account the lesser of 15,000 or 0.033 per non-redeemed public share for each monthly extension deposited into the Company s trust account. In connection with the shareholders vote at the general annual meeting of Shareholders, 192,664 shares were tendered for redemption. As a result, approximately 2,235,721.75 (approximately 11.60 per share) will be removed from the Company s Trust Account to pay such holders, without taking into account additional allocation of payments to cover any tax obligation of the Company since that date. Following redemptions, the Company will have 5,789,786 Class A Shares outstanding, and one Class B Share outstanding, and approximately 4,632,266.81 will remain in the Company s Trust Account. Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had 212 and 212, respectively, in our operating bank account, and working capital (deficit) of approximately 1,164,370 and 593,046, respectively. Prior to the completion of the IPO, we lacked the liquidity needed to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statement. We completed our IPO at which time capital in excess of the funds deposited in the Trust Account and/or used to fund offering expenses was released to us for general working capital purposes. The Company anticipates that the cash held outside of the Trust Account as of September 30, 2024 might not be sufficient to allow the Company to operate for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements, assuming that a business combination is not consummated during that time. Until consummation of its business combination, the Company will be using the funds not held in the Trust Account, and any additional Working Capital Loans and Promissory Note (as defined in Note 5) from the New Sponsor, certain of the Company s officers and directors (see Note 5), for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. As of the date of this filing, the Company has until December 14, 2024 to consummate a business combination (the Termination Date ). It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a business combination by Termination Date. If a business combination is not consummated by the required date, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in FASB ASU 2014-15, management has determined that mandatory liquidation, and subsequent dissolution, should the Company be unable to complete a business combination, raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the issuance of these financial statements. The Company can raise additional capital through Working Capital Loans from the New Sponsor, certain of the Company s officers, and directors (see Note 5), or through loans from third parties. None of the Sponsor, officers or directors are under any obligation to advance funds to, or to invest in, the Company. If the Company is unable to raise additional capital, it may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of its business plan, and reducing overhead expenses. The Company cannot provide any assurance that new financing will be available to it on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering and Business Combination. Following the Initial Public Offering, we will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination. We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents after the Initial Public Offering. There was a significant decrease in Trust account balance, from 225,411,726 as of March 31, 2023 to 6,827,015 as of September 30, 2024, as a result of redemption of 20,970,550 class A ordinary shares in total amount of 221,294,640 from trust account following the Sponsor Handover. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our unaudited condensed financial statements. After the Initial Public Offering, we expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. We expect our expenses to increase substantially after the closing of the Initial Public Offering. 27 Table of Contents For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had net income of 7,658 and net loss of 328,718, respectively, which consisted of interest income on investments held in the Trust Account of 76,792 and 238,225, respectively, offset by formation and operating costs of 413,042 and 571,324, respectively change in fair value of warrant liability of 328,592 and 4,381, respectively For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had net income of 828,847 and 4,024,595, respectively, which consisted of interest income on investments held in the Trust Account of 163,452 and 4,660,324, respectively, offset by formation and operating costs of 287,523 and 986,228, respectively change in fair value of warrant liability of 952,918 and 350,499, respectively. Contractual Obligations Other than the below, we do not have any long-term debt obligations, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations, purchase obligations or long-term liabilities. Administrative Services Agreement Commencing on the date the Company s securities were first listed on the Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination or our liquidation, the Company began to reimburse the Sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to the Company in the amount of 10,000 per month. Upon Sponsor Handover, the Former Sponsor waived the unpaid service fees, which was treated as capital contribution from the former Sponsor. And the New Sponsor has agreed not to charge an administrative service fee from the Company. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized nil and 50,000 for the administrative support services expense, respectively. Registration Rights and Shareholder Rights The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any shares of ordinary share issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of the Founder Shares) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the Proposed Public Offering requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the Founder Shares, only after conversion to shares of Class A ordinary stock). The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of the initial Business Combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that no sales of these securities will be effected until after the expiration of the applicable lock-up period, as described herein. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement We granted the underwriters a 45-day option from December 9, 2021 to purchase up to 3,000,000 additional Public Shares to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On December 10, 2021, the underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option to purchase the 1,562,401 Over-Allotment Units and on December 14, 2021, the Company completed the sale of the Over-Allotment Units to the underwriters. On January 24, 2022, the remaining unexercised portion of the over-allotment option expired. 28 Table of Contents The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per Unit, or 4,312,480 in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and Over-Allotment. In addition, 0.35 per Unit, or 7,546,840 in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. On June 6, 2023, the underwriters waived their respective entitlement to the payment of deferred underwriting discount in the amount of 7,546,840. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of the financial statement in conformity with US GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statement. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the date of the financial statement, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: Offering Costs We comply with the requirements of the Accounting Standards Codification ASC 340-10-S99-1 and SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin SAB Topic 5A Expenses of Offering . Offering costs consist of legal, accounting, underwriting fees and other costs incurred through the Initial Public Offering date that are directly related to the Initial Public Offering. Offering costs were charged to temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering. Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). Class A ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as liability instruments and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified in temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A ordinary shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 591,851 Class A ordinary shares are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders deficit section of our balance sheet. The dissolution expense of 100,000 is not included in the redemption value of the shares subject to redemption since it is only taken into account in the event of the Company s liquidation. Warrant Liabilities We account for the warrants issued in connection with our initial public offering in accordance with ASC Topic 815, Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity ASC 815 ), under which the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity classification and must be recorded as liabilities. The warrants meet the definition of a derivative as contemplated in ASC 815, and therefore the warrants are measured at fair value at inception and at each reporting date in accordance with ASC 820, Fair Value Measurement, with changes in fair value recognized in the statements of operations in the period of change. Net (Loss) Income Per Ordinary Share We comply with the accounting and disclosure requirements of ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net (loss) income per ordinary share is computed by dividing net (loss) income by the weighted average number of shares of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in our earnings. As a result, diluted (loss) income per ordinary share is the same as basic (loss) income per ordinary share for the period presented. 29 Table of Contents Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. As a smaller reporting company, ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The adoption of ASU 2020-06 did not have a material impact on its financial statements. In June 2016, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2016-13 Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ). This update requires financial assets measured at amortized cost basis to be presented at the net amount expected to be collected. The measurement of expected credit losses is based on relevant information about past events, including historical experience, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts that affect the collectability of the reported amount. Since June 2016, the FASB issued clarifying updates to the new standard including changing the effective date for smaller reporting companies. The guidance is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years, with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2023. The adoption of ASU 2016-13 did not have a material impact on its financial statements. Management does not believe that any other recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. Inflation We do not believe that inflation had a material impact on our business, revenues or operating results during the period presented. Emerging Growth Company Status We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart our Business Startups Act of 2012, (the JOBS Act ), and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in its periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 30 Table of Contents PART II-OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. None. Item 1A. Risk Factors. Except as described below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K/A for the period ended December 31, 2023, as amended, and filed with the SEC on October 18, 2024. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued proposed rules relating to, among other items, enhancing disclosures in business combination transactions involving SPACs and private operating companies and increasing the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions. These rules, if adopted, whether in the form proposed or in revised form, may materially increase the costs and time required to negotiate and complete an initial business combination and could potentially impair our ability to complete an initial business combination. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate the Company. There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a special purpose acquisition company SPAC and we may in the future be subject to a claim that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we are deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate. If we are required to liquidate, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants following such a transaction, and our warrants would expire worthless. The longer that the funds in the trust account are held in short-term U.S. government securities or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, the greater the risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate. 31 Table of Contents The Company extended the time to consummate its initial Business Combination beyond December 9, 2024, however it contravenes Nasdaq rules and, as a result, would lead Nasdaq to suspend trading in the Company s securities or lead the Company s securities to be delisted from Nasdaq. If the Company s securities are delisted from Nasdaq, the Company s Class A ordinary shares would be deemed a penny stock and the Company would become subject to the requirements of Rule 419 to which it is not currently subject. This may adversely affect the liquidity and trading of our securities and may impact our ability to complete the Business Combination. The Company s Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq. Nasdaq IM-5101-2 requires that the Company, a special purpose acquisition company, complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its initial public offering registration statement, which, in the case of the Company, would be December 9, 2024. The Company is unable to complete an initial business combination by December 9, 2024 and on November 26, 2024, it extended the time to complete a business combination beyond such 36-month period, on a month-to-month basis until May 14, 2025, and such extension violates Nasdaq IM-5101-2. Effective on October 7, 2024, Nasdaq Rule 5815 was amended to provide for the immediate suspension and delisting upon issuance of a delisting determination letter to an issuer for failure to meet the requirements of Nasdaq IM5101-02. Accordingly, the Company will face immediate suspension and delisting of its securities once the Company receives a delisting determination letter from Nasdaq after the 36-month window ends on December 9, 2024. Pursuant to Nasdaq Rule 5815, as amended, Nasdaq may only reverse its delisting determination if it finds that it made a factual error in applying Nasdaq Rule 5815, as amended. If Nasdaq delists the Company s securities from trading on its exchange and the Company is not able to list its securities on another national securities exchange, we expect the Company s securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities reduced liquidity for our securities a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities a limited amount of news and analyst coverage a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future; and the Company may be deemed a less attractive merger partner for a target company or business. We also note that if Nasdaq delists the Company s securities from trading on its exchange and the Company is not able to list its securities on another national securities exchange, it may affect the Company s ability to consummate its Business Combination with Leading Group. We note that under the Business Combination Agreement, the Company s maintaining its listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market is not a condition precedent to closing of the Business Combination, however, the listing of the post Business Combination combined company s securities on Nasdaq is a condition precedent to closing of the Business Combination. The fact that the Company s securities are not listed on Nasdaq may present certain challenges to listing the post Combination combined company s securities on Nasdaq, such as the post Business Combination combined company s ability to meet the listing requirements for Nasdaq, like the minimum per share bid price and the market value of unrestricted publicly held shares. If the Company s securities are delisted from Nasdaq, the Company s Class A ordinary shares could become subject to the regulations of the SEC relating to the market for penny stocks. Under Rule 419 of the Securities Act, the term blank check company means a company that (i) is a development stage company that has no specific business plan or purpose or has indicated that its business plan is to engage in a merger or acquisition with an unidentified company or companies, or other entity or person and (ii) is issuing penny stock, as defined in Rule 3a51-1 under the Exchange Act. Under Rule 3a51-1, the term penny stock means any equity security, unless it fits within certain enumerated exclusions including being listed on a national securities exchange, such as Nasdaq (Rule 3a51-1(a)(2)) (the Exchange Rule ). The Company currently relies on the Exchange Rule to not be deemed a penny stock issuer (and consequently a blank check company under Rule 419). If the Company is deemed a blank check company as defined under Rule 419, it may become subject to additional restrictions on the trading of its securities. Among those restrictions is that brokers trading in the securities of a blank check company under Rule 419 adhere to more stringent rules, including being subject to the depository requirements of Rule 419. 32 Table of Contents The penny stock rules are burdensome and may reduce the trading activity for shares of the Company s Class A ordinary shares. For example, brokers trading in the Company s Class A ordinary shares would be required to deliver a standardized risk disclosure document, which specifies information about penny stocks and the nature and significance of risks of the penny stock market. The broker dealer also must provide the customer with bid and offer quotations for the penny stock, the compensation of the broker dealer and any salesperson in the transaction, and monthly account statements indicating the market value of each penny stock held in the customer s account. In addition, the penny stock rules require that, prior to effecting a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, the broker dealer must make a special written determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive the purchaser s written agreement to the transaction. If the Company s Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock, these disclosure requirements may have the effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for the Company s Class A ordinary shares. If the Company s Class A ordinary shares are subject to the penny stock rules, the holders of such Class A ordinary shares may find it more difficult to sell their shares. This may also result in us no longer being an attractive merger partner if our securities are no longer listed on an exchange, which may impact our ability to complete the Business Combination. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Since the Company s Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on Nasdaq, such securities qualify as covered securities under such statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if the Class A ordinary shares and warrants were no longer listed on Nasdaq, these securities would not qualify as covered securities under such statute and the Company would be subject to regulation in each state in which it offers its securities. We will not complete the Business Combination with a U.S. target company and such initial business combination may be subject to U.S. foreign investment regulations and review by a U.S. government entity such as the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS), or ultimately prohibited. Certain of our directors are citizens of countries other than the United States. In addition, Leading Partner Limited or Holdco , the company with which we entered into the Business Combination Agreement, is a Cayman Islands exempted company with operations in Singapore and certain of its directors are citizens of countries other than the United States. While we believe that the nature of HAIA s business, and the nature of the businesses of Holdco should not make the transaction subject to U.S. foreign regulations or review by a U.S. government entity, it is possible that the Business Combination may be subject to a CFIUS review, the scope of which was expanded by the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 FIRRMA ), to include certain non-passive, non-controlling investments in sensitive U.S. businesses and certain acquisitions of real estate even with no underlying U.S. business. FIRRMA, and subsequent implementing regulations that are now in force, also subjects certain categories of investments to mandatory filings. If the Business Combination falls within CFIUS s jurisdiction, we may determine that we are required to make a mandatory filing or that we will submit a voluntary notice to CFIUS, or to proceed with the initial business combination without notifying CFIUS and risk CFIUS intervention, before or after closing the initial business combination. CFIUS may decide to block or delay our initial business combination, impose conditions to mitigate national security concerns with respect to such initial business combination or order us to divest all or a portion of a U.S. business of the combined company without first obtaining CFIUS clearance, which may limit the attractiveness of or prevent us from pursuing certain initial business combination opportunities that we believe would otherwise be beneficial to us and our shareholders. As a result, the pool of potential targets with which we could complete an initial business combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected in terms of competing with other special purpose acquisition companies which do not have similar foreign ownership issues. Moreover, the process of government review, whether by the CFIUS or otherwise, could be lengthy and we have limited time to complete our initial business combination. If we cannot complete our initial business combination by May 14, 2025 because the review process drags on beyond such timeframe or because our initial business combination is ultimately prohibited by CFIUS or another U.S. government entity, we may be required to liquidate. This will also cause you to lose the investment opportunity in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any price appreciation in the combined company. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. None. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information. None. 33 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits. The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Item 6. Exhibits. Exhibit Number Description 31.1 Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith. These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 34 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. HEALTHCARE AI ACQUISITION CORP. By: /s/ Jiande Chen Name: Jiande Chen Title: Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors (Principal Executive Officer) 35 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 haia_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 haia_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Jiande Chen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Healthcare AI Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 2, 2024 By: /s/ Jiande Chen Jiande Chen Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 haia_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 haia_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Xiaocheng Peng, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Healthcare AI Acquisition Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 2, 2024 By: /s/ Xiaocheng Peng Xiaocheng Peng Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 haia_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 haia_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of HEALTHCARE AI ACQUISITION CORP. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Jiande Chen , Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Date: December 2, 2024 By: /s/ Jiande Chen Jiande Chen Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 haia_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 haia_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of HEALTHCARE AI ACQUISITION CORP. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Xiaocheng Peng, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. Date: December 2, 2024 By: /s/ Xiaocheng Peng Xiaocheng Peng Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 haia-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 haia-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 haia-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 haia-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

