<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1278027_0001558370-24-014430.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11559392</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>163150</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1616932</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4184327</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2052402</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3237428</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-014430.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105160750
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-014430
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		91
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			B&G Foods, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001278027
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FOOD & KINDRED PRODUCTS [2000]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				133918742
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1230

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32316
		FILM NUMBER:		241427503

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FOUR GATEHALL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			PARSIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07054
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9734016500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		FOUR GATEHALL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			PARSIPPANY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07054

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	B&G FOODS HOLDINGS CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20040129

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-014430.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 bgs-20240928x10q.htm
 10-Q

As filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 5, 2024 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM (Mark one) 

Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the quarterly period ended or 

Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 For the transition period from to . Commission file number (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) incorporation or organization) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of October 31, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Index r 

Page No. PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 1 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 1 Consolidated Balance Sheets 1 Consolidated Statements of Operations 2 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 3 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity 4 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 6 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 7 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 27 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 43 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 44 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 45 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 45 Item 1A. Risk Factors 45 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 45 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 45 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 45 Item 5. Other Information 45 Item 6. Exhibits 46 SIGNATURE 47 

 - i - 

Table of Contents 
 Forward-Looking Statements This report includes forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, the statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. The words believes, belief, expects, projects, intends, anticipates, assumes, could, should, estimates, potential, seek, predict, may, will or plans and similar references to future periods are intended to identify forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, performance and achievements, or industry results, to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed or implied by any forward-looking statements. We believe important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from our expectations include the following: our substantial leverage; the effects of rising costs for and/or decreases in the supply of commodities, ingredients, packaging, other raw materials, distribution and labor; crude oil prices and their impact on distribution, packaging and energy costs; our ability to successfully implement sales price increases and cost saving measures to offset any cost increases; intense competition, changes in consumer preferences, demand for our products and local economic and market conditions; our continued ability to promote brand equity successfully, to anticipate and respond to new consumer trends, to develop new products and markets, to broaden brand portfolios in order to compete effectively with lower priced products and in markets that are consolidating at the retail and manufacturing levels and to improve productivity; the ability of our company and our supply chain partners to continue to operate manufacturing facilities, distribution centers and other work locations without material disruption, and to procure ingredients, packaging and other raw materials when needed despite disruptions in the supply chain or labor shortages; the impact pandemics or disease outbreaks, such as the COVID-19 pandemic, may have on our business, including among other things, our supply chain, our manufacturing operations, our workforce and customer and consumer demand for our products; our ability to recruit and retain senior management and a highly skilled and diverse workforce at our corporate offices, manufacturing facilities and other work locations despite a very tight labor market and changing employee expectations as to fair compensation, an inclusive and diverse workplace, flexible working and other matters; the risks associated with the expansion of our business; our possible inability to identify new acquisitions or to integrate recent or future acquisitions, or our failure to realize anticipated revenue enhancements, cost savings or other synergies from recent or future acquisitions; our ability to successfully complete the integration of recent or future acquisitions into our enterprise resource planning (ERP) system; tax reform and legislation, including the effects of the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, the Inflation Reduction Act, U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and the U.S. CARES Act, and any future tax reform or legislation; our ability to access the credit markets and our borrowing costs and credit ratings, which may be influenced by credit markets generally and the credit ratings of our competitors; unanticipated expenses, including, without limitation, litigation or legal settlement expenses; the effects of currency movements of the Canadian dollar and the Mexican peso as compared to the U.S. dollar; the effects of international trade disputes, tariffs, quotas, and other import or export restrictions on our international procurement, sales and operations; 

 - ii - 

Table of Contents 
 future impairments of our goodwill and intangible assets; our ability to protect information systems against, or effectively respond to, a cybersecurity incident, other disruption or data leak; our ability to successfully implement our sustainability initiatives and achieve our sustainability goals, and changes to environmental laws and regulations; other factors that affect the food industry generally, including: o recalls if products become adulterated or misbranded, liability if product consumption causes injury, ingredient disclosure and labeling laws and regulations and the possibility that consumers could lose confidence in the safety and quality of certain food products;
 o competitors pricing practices and promotional spending levels;
 o fluctuations in the level of our customers inventories and credit and other business risks related to our customers operating in a challenging economic and competitive environment; and
 o the risks associated with third-party suppliers and co-packers, including the risk that any failure by one or more of our third-party suppliers or co-packers to comply with food safety or other laws and regulations may disrupt our supply of raw materials or certain finished goods products or injure our reputation; and
 
 other factors discussed elsewhere in this report and in our other public filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2024, and Part, II, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in this report. 
 Developments in any of these areas could cause our results to differ materially from results that have been or may be projected by us or on our behalf. All forward-looking statements included in this report are based on information available to us on the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in this report. We caution that the foregoing list of important factors is not exclusive. There may be other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from the forward-looking statements in this report, including factors disclosed under the section of this report titled Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. You should evaluate all forward-looking statements made in this report in the context of these risks and uncertainties. We urge you not to unduly rely on forward-looking statements contained in this report. 

 - iii - 

Table of Contents 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Balance Sheet s (In thousands, except share and per share data) (Unaudited) 

September 28, December 30, 2024 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Income tax receivable Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of and as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangible assets, net Other assets Deferred income taxes Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Trade accounts payable Accrued expenses Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of finance lease liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Income tax payable Dividends payable Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of current portion Deferred income taxes Long-term operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Long-term finance lease liabilities, net of current portion Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value per share. Authorized shares; shares issued or outstanding Common stock, par value per share. Authorized shares; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 - 1 - 

Table of Contents 
 B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Operation s (In thousands, except per share data) (Unaudited) 

Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-nine Weeks Ended September 28, September 30, September 28, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales Cost of goods sold Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses Amortization expense Impairment of goodwill Loss on sales of assets Impairment of assets held for sale Operating income (loss) ) Other (income) and expenses: Interest expense, net Other income ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Earnings (loss) per share: Basic ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per share See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 - 2 - 

Table of Contents 
 B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (In thousands) (Unaudited) 

Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-nine Weeks Ended September 28, September 30, September 28, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Pension loss, net of tax ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 - 3 - 

Table of Contents 
 B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity As of September 28, 2024 (In thousands, except share and per share data) (Unaudited) 

Accumulated Additional Other Total Common Stock Paid-in Comprehensive Retained Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Income Earnings Equity Balance at December 30, 2023 Foreign currency translation Change in pension benefit (net of of income taxes) ) ) Net loss ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock for share-based compensation ) Cancellation of restricted stock for tax withholding upon vesting ) ) ) ) Cancellation of restricted stock upon forfeiture ) Dividends declared on common stock, per share ) ) Balance at March 30, 2024 Foreign currency translation ) ) Change in pension benefit (net of of income taxes) ) ) Net income Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock for share-based compensation ) Cancellation of restricted stock for tax withholding upon vesting ) ) ) Cancellation of restricted stock upon forfeiture ) Dividends declared on common stock, per share ) ) Balance at June 29, 2024 ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Change in pension benefit (net of of income taxes) ) ) Net income Share-based compensation Dividends declared on common stock, per share ) ) Balance at September 28, 2024 ) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 - 4 - 

Table of Contents 
 B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity As of September 30, 2023 (In thousands, except share and per share data) (Unaudited) 

Accumulated Additional Other Total Common Stock Paid-in Comprehensive Retained Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Loss Earnings Equity Balance at December 31, 2022 ) Foreign currency translation Net income Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock for share-based compensation ) ) Cancellation of restricted stock for tax withholding upon vesting ) ) ) Cancellation of restricted stock upon forfeiture ) Dividends declared on common stock, per share ) ) Balance at April 1, 2023 ) Foreign currency translation Change in pension benefit (net of of income taxes) ) ) Net income Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock for share-based compensation ) Cancellation of restricted stock for tax withholding upon vesting ) ) ) Cancellation of restricted stock upon forfeiture ) Dividends declared on common stock, per share ) ) ) Balance at July 1, 2023 Foreign currency translation ) ) Change in pension benefit (net of of income taxes) ) ) Net loss ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of common stock in ATM offering Dividends declared on common stock, per share ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 - 5 - 

Table of Contents 
 B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Consolidated Statements of Cash Flow s (In thousands) (Unaudited) 

Thirty-nine Weeks Ended September 28, September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets Amortization of deferred debt financing costs and bond discount/premium Deferred income taxes ) ) Impairment of goodwill Impairment of assets held for sale Loss on sales of assets Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt ) Share-based compensation expense Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of businesses acquired: Trade accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Income tax receivable/payable, net Other assets ) ) Trade accounts payable Accrued expenses ) ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from sales of assets ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repurchases of senior notes ) ) Proceeds from issuance of senior secured notes Repayments of borrowings under term loan facility ) ) Borrowings under term loan facility Repayments of borrowings under revolving credit facility ) ) Borrowings under revolving credit facility Proceeds from issuance of common stock, net Dividends paid ) ) Payments of tax withholding on behalf of employees for net share settlement of share-based compensation ) ) Payments of debt financing costs ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate fluctuations on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Cash interest payments Cash income tax payments Non-cash investing and financing transactions: Dividends declared and not yet paid Accruals related to purchases of property, plant and equipment Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 - 6 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 and weeks, respectively, ending on the Saturday closest to December 31 in the case of our fiscal year and fourth fiscal quarter, and on the Saturday closest to the end of the corresponding calendar quarter in the case of our fiscal quarters. As a result, a 53 rd week is added to our fiscal year every five or . Generally, in a -week fiscal year our fourth fiscal quarter contains weeks. Our fiscal year ending December 28, 2024 (fiscal 2024) and our fiscal year ended December 30, 2023 (fiscal 2023) each contains weeks. Each quarter of fiscal 2024 and 2023 contains weeks. 

 - 7 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 segments: Specialty, Meals, Frozen Vegetables and Spices Flavor Solutions. See Note 16, Business Segment Information, for information about our transition from reporting segment to reporting segments. million of assets related to our Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable product line as assets held for sale because we had decided to divest the product line, which was no longer core to our overall business and long-term strategy. We then measured the assets held for sale at the lower of their carrying value or fair value less anticipated costs to sell and recorded pre-tax, non-cash charges of million during the third quarter of 2023. On November 8, 2023, we completed the sale of the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable product line to Seneca Foods Corporation and we recorded a loss on sale of million during the fourth quarter, resulting in a total loss on sale of million during fiscal 2023. The sale did not include our Green Giant frozen business, Green Giant Canada business, or the Le Sueur brand. Because we retained the Green Giant trademarks, we agreed to license the Green Giant trademarks to Seneca on a perpetual, royalty-free basis for use in connection with the Green Giant U.S. 

 - 8 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 million, as calculated below (in thousands): Less: Assets sold: Trademarks indefinite-lived intangible assets Inventories Customer relationships finite-lived intangible assets Total assets sold Pre-tax loss on sale of assets (2) ) 

 (1) Cash received of million is net of a post-closing inventory adjustment of million. (2) Pre-tax loss on sale of assets of million consists of million recorded during the third quarter of 2023, million recorded during the fourth quarter of 2023, and million recorded during the first quarter of 2024. 
 Back to Nature Divestiture On December 15, 2022, we entered into an agreement to sell the Back to Nature business to a subsidiary of Barilla America, Inc. for a purchase price of million in cash, subject to closing and post-closing adjustments based upon inventory at closing. We refer to this divestiture as the Back to Nature sale. During fiscal 2022, we reclassified million of assets related to our Back to Nature business as assets held for sale. We measured the assets held for sale at the lower of their carrying value or fair value less anticipated costs to sell and recorded pre-tax, non-cash impairment charges of million during the third quarter of 2022. After we entered into the sale agreement, we recorded additional pre-tax, non-cash impairment charges of million related to those assets during the fourth quarter of 2022. As a result, we had assets held for sale related to our Back to Nature business of million at December 31, 2022. Effective January 3, 2023, the first business day of fiscal 2023, we completed the Back to Nature sale. During the first quarter of 2023, we recognized a pre-tax loss on the Back to Nature sale of million, as calculated below (in thousands): Less: Assets sold: Trademarks indefinite-lived intangible assets Goodwill Customer relationships finite-lived intangible assets Inventories Impairment of assets held for sale ) Total assets sold Expenses Pre-tax loss on sale of assets ) As a result of the Back to Nature divestiture, we incurred a capital loss for tax purposes, for which we recorded a deferred tax asset during the first quarter of 2023. A valuation allowance has been recorded against this deferred tax asset, which negatively impacted our income tax expense for the first quarter of 2023 by million. 

 - 9 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 Work-in-process Finished goods Inventories Customer relationships Total finite-lived intangible assets Indefinite-Lived Intangible Assets Goodwill Trademarks Total indefinite-lived intangible assets Total goodwill and other intangible assets The changes in the carrying amount of goodwill by operating segment for the first three quarters of 2024 were as follows (in thousands): Currency translation ) ) Impairment ) ) Balance as of September 28, 2024 Amortization expense associated with finite-lived intangible assets was million and million for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024, respectively, and million and million for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2023, respectively, and is recorded in operating expenses. We expect to recognize an additional million of amortization expense associated with our finite-lived intangible assets during the remainder of fiscal 2024, and thereafter million in fiscal 2025 , million in fiscal 2026, million in fiscal 2027, million in fiscal 2028, and million in fiscal 2029. During the first quarter of 2024, we reorganized our reporting structure from reporting segment to reporting segments: Specialty, Meals, Frozen Vegetables and Spices Flavor Solutions, which are further described in Note 16. The change in structure required us to reassign assets and liabilities, including goodwill, between the 

 - 10 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 and a terminal growth rate that was flat in estimating the fair value of our reporting segments. Estimating the fair value of individual reporting segments requires us to make assumptions and estimates in areas such as future economic conditions, industry-specific conditions, product pricing, and necessary capital expenditures. The use of different assumptions or estimates for future cash flows, discount rates, or terminal growth rates could produce substantially different estimates of the fair value. As a result of our goodwill impairment test during the first quarter of 2024, we recognized pre-tax, non-cash goodwill impairment charges of million within our Frozen Vegetables reporting segment, which is recorded in Impairment of goodwill in our consolidated statements of operations. In connection with the divestiture of our Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable product line during the fourth quarter of 2023, we reclassified million of indefinite-lived trademark intangible assets, million of inventories and million of finite-lived customer relationship intangible assets to assets held for sale as of the end of the third quarter of 2023. We then measured the assets held for sale at the lower of their carrying value or fair value less the estimated costs to sell, and recorded pre-tax, non-cash charges of million during the third quarter of 2023. See Note 3, Acquisitions and Divestitures. We did t recognize any impairment charges for indefinite-lived intangible assets for the first three quarters of 2024 or for goodwill for the first three quarters of 2023. During the third quarter of 2023, we impaired the brand assets relating to our Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable product line. If future revenues and contributions to our operating results for any of our brands or operating segments, including recently impaired brands and any newly acquired brands, deteriorate, at rates in excess of our current projections, we may be required to record additional non-cash impairment charges to certain intangible assets, including trademarks and goodwill. In addition, any significant decline in our market capitalization or changes in discount rates, even if due to macroeconomic factors, could put pressure on the carrying value of our goodwill or the goodwill of any of our operating segments. A determination that all or a portion of our goodwill or indefinite-lived intangible assets are impaired, although a non-cash charge to operations, could have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition and results of operations. For a further discussion of our annual impairment testing of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets (trademarks), see Note 2(g), Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets to our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

 - 11 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 Tranche B term loans due 2029 senior notes due 2025 senior notes due 2027 senior secured notes due 2028 Unamortized deferred debt financing costs ) ) Unamortized discount/premium ) ) Total long-term debt, net of unamortized deferred debt financing costs and discount/premium Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt, net of unamortized deferred debt financing costs and discount/premium, and excluding current portion 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total As described below in this Note 6 and Note 17, Subsequent Events, we redeemed our senior notes due 2025 on October 9, 2024. As of October 9, 2024, immediately after the redemption, the aggregate contractual maturities of long-term debt were as follows (in thousands): 

Aggregate Contractual Maturities Fiscal year: 2024 remaining 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Senior Secured Credit Agreement. Our senior secured credit agreement includes a term loan facility and a revolving credit facility. During the first quarter of 2023, we made a mandatory prepayment of million principal amount of tranche B term loans with proceeds from the Back to Nature sale and optional prepayments of million of tranche B term loans from cash on hand. During the fourth quarter of 2023, we made a mandatory prepayment of million principal amount of tranche B term loans with proceeds from the sale of the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable product line. During the second quarter of 2024, we made an additional prepayment of million principal amount of tranche B term loans with proceeds from the sale of the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable product line. 

 - 12 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 senior secured notes due 2028 described below, we reduced the aggregate principal amount of tranche B term loans outstanding under our credit agreement from million to million by replacing million of outstanding tranche B term loans with million of new tranche B term loans. We also extended the maturity date for the tranche B term loans from October 10, 2026 to October 10, 2029. The new tranche B term loans were issued at a price equal to of their face value. The new tranche B term loans bear interest based on alternative rates that we may choose, including a base rate per annum plus an applicable margin of , and SOFR plus an applicable margin of . The new tranche B term loans are subject to amortization at the rate of per year with the balance due and payable on the maturity date. As of September 28, 2024, million of tranche B term loans remained outstanding. As part of the refinancing, on July 12, 2024, we prepaid million aggregate principal amount of revolving credit loans with a portion of the proceeds of the tack-on offering, decreased the revolver capacity under the credit agreement from million to million aggregate principal amount, and extended the maturity date of our revolving credit facility from December 16, 2025 to December 16, 2028. Following the refinancing, interest under the revolving credit facility, including any outstanding letters of credit, is determined based on alternative rates that we may choose in accordance with the credit agreement, including a base rate per annum plus an applicable margin ranging from to , and SOFR plus an applicable margin ranging from to , in each case depending on our consolidated leverage ratio (as defined in the credit agreement). As of September 28, 2024, the available borrowing capacity under the revolving credit facility, net of outstanding letters of credit of million, was million. Proceeds of the revolving credit facility may be used for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions of targets in the same or a similar line of business as our company, subject to specified criteria. We are required to pay a commitment fee of per annum on the unused portion of the revolving credit facility. The maximum letter of credit capacity under the revolving credit facility is million, with a fronting fee of per annum for all outstanding letters of credit and a letter of credit fee equal to the applicable margin for revolving loans that are SOFR loans. If we prepay all or any portion of the tranche B term loans within six months of the funding of the new tranche B term loans in connection with a financing that has a lower interest rate or weighted average yield than the new tranche B term loans, we will owe a repayment fee equal to of the amount prepaid. Otherwise, we may prepay term loans or revolving loans at any time without premium or penalty (other than customary breakage costs with respect to the early termination of SOFR loans). Subject to certain exceptions, the credit agreement provides for mandatory prepayment upon certain asset dispositions or casualty events and issuances of indebtedness. Our obligations under the credit agreement are jointly and severally and fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior basis by all of our existing and certain future domestic subsidiaries (other than a domestic subsidiary that is a holding company for one or more foreign subsidiaries). The credit agreement is secured by substantially all of our and our domestic subsidiaries assets except our and our domestic subsidiaries real property. The credit agreement contains customary restrictive covenants, subject to certain permitted amounts and exceptions, including covenants limiting our ability to incur additional indebtedness, pay dividends and make other restricted payments, repurchase shares of our outstanding stock and create certain liens. The credit agreement also contains certain financial maintenance covenants, which, among other things, specify a maximum consolidated leverage ratio and a minimum interest coverage ratio, each ratio as defined in the credit agreement. The credit agreement provides that our maximum consolidated leverage ratio (defined as the ratio, determined on a pro forma basis, of our consolidated net debt, as of the last day of any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters to our adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the credit agreement) before share-based compensation for such period), is to 1.00. We are also required to maintain a consolidated interest coverage ratio (defined as the ratio, determined on a pro forma basis, of our adjusted EBITDA (before share-based compensation) for any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters to our consolidated interest expense for such period payable in cash) of at least to 1.00. As of September 28, 2024, we were in compliance with all of the covenants, including the financial covenants, in the credit agreement. 

 - 13 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 to 1.00, and a sufficient number of lenders or new lenders agreeing to participate in the facility. Senior Notes due 2025 . As of September 28, 2024, million aggregate principal amount of the senior notes due 2025 remained outstanding and we were in compliance with all of the covenants in the indenture governing the senior notes due 2025. On October 9, 2024, we redeemed all million of the senior notes due 2025. See Note 17, Subsequent Event. Senior Notes due 2027 . On September 26, 2019, we issued million aggregate principal amount of senior notes due 2027 at a price to the public of of their face value. We used the proceeds of the offering, together with the proceeds of incremental term loans made during the fourth quarter of 2019, to redeem all of our outstanding senior notes due 2021, repay a portion of our borrowings under our revolving credit facility, pay related fees and expenses and for general corporate purposes. Interest on the senior notes due 2027 is payable on March 15 and September 15 of each year, commencing March 15, 2020. The senior notes due 2027 will mature on September 15, 2027, unless earlier retired or redeemed as described below. We may redeem some or all of the senior notes due 2027 at a redemption price of of the principal amount beginning March 1, 2023 and thereafter at prices declining annually to on March 1, 2024 and on or after March 1, 2025, in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of redemption. In addition, if we undergo a change of control or upon certain asset sales, we may be required to offer to repurchase the senior notes due 2027 at the repurchase price set forth in the indenture plus accrued and unpaid interest to the date of repurchase. We may also, from time to time, seek to retire the senior notes due 2027 through cash repurchases of the senior notes due 2027 and/or exchanges of the senior notes due 2027 for equity securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. Our obligations under the senior notes due 2027 are jointly and severally and fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior basis by all of our existing and certain future domestic subsidiaries. The senior notes due 2027 and the subsidiary guarantees are our and the guarantors general unsecured obligations and are effectively junior in right of payment to all of our and the guarantors secured indebtedness and to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of our non-guarantor subsidiaries; are pari passu in right of payment to all of our and the guarantors existing and future unsecured senior debt; and are senior in right of payment to all of our and the guarantors future subordinated debt. Our foreign subsidiaries are not guarantors, and any future foreign or partially owned domestic subsidiaries will not be guarantors, of the senior notes due 2027. The indenture governing the senior notes due 2027 contains covenants with respect to us and the guarantors and restricts the incurrence of additional indebtedness and the issuance of capital stock; the payment of dividends or distributions on, and redemption of, capital stock; a number of other restricted payments, including certain investments; creation of certain liens; certain sale-leaseback transactions; certain asset sales; fundamental changes, including consolidation, mergers and transfers of all or substantially all of our assets; and specified transactions with affiliates. Each of the covenants is subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. As of September 28, 2024, we were in compliance with all of the covenants in the indenture governing the senior notes due 2027. Senior Secured Notes due 2028 . On September 26, 2023, we issued million aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes due 2028 at a price of . On July 12, 2024, we issued an additional 

 - 14 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 senior secured notes due 2028 at a price to the public of their face value plus accrued interest from March 15, 2024 to, but excluding, July 12, 2024. The notes issued in July 2024 were issued as additional notes under the same indenture as our senior secured notes due 2028 that were issued in September 2024, and, as such, form a single series and trade interchangeably with the previously issued senior secured notes due 2028. As of September 28, 2024, approximately million of the senior secured notes due 2028 are outstanding. The net proceeds from the initial offering in September 2023 were million after deducting discounts, fees and expenses related to the offering. We used the net proceeds of the offering, together with cash on hand, to redeem million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes due 2025 on October 12, 2023 and to pay related fees and expenses. We used the proceeds of the offering in July 2024 of additional senior secured notes due 2028 to repay a portion of our tranche B term loans and revolving credit loans under our credit agreement and to pay related fees and expenses. Interest on the senior secured notes due 2028 is payable on March 15 and September 15 of each year. The senior secured notes due 2028 will mature on September 15, 2028, unless earlier retired or redeemed as described below. We may redeem some or all of the senior secured notes due 2028 at a redemption price of of the principal amount beginning September 15, 2025 and thereafter at prices declining annually to on or after September 15, 2026 and on or after September 15, 2027, in each case plus accrued and unpaid interest to (but not including) the date of redemption. We may redeem up to of the aggregate principal amount of the senior secured notes due 2028 prior to September 15, 2025 at a redemption price of plus accrued and unpaid interest to (but not including) the date of redemption with the net proceeds from certain equity offerings. We may also redeem some or all of the senior secured notes due 2028 at any time prior to September 15, 2025 at a redemption price equal to the make-whole amount set forth in the indenture plus accrued and unpaid interest to (but not including) the date of redemption. In addition, if we undergo a change of control, we may be required to offer to repurchase the senior secured notes due 2028 at of the aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to (but not including) the date of repurchase. Upon certain asset dispositions we may be required to offer to purchase a portion of the senior secured notes due 2028 at of the aggregate principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to (but not including) the date of repurchase. See Offer to Partially Repurchase Senior Secured Notes Due 2028 Upon Asset Sale below. We may also, from time to time, seek to retire the senior secured notes due 2028 through cash repurchases of the senior secured notes due 2028 and/or exchanges of the senior secured notes due 2028 for equity securities, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. The senior secured notes due 2028 are our senior secured obligations and are jointly and severally and fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior secured basis by each of our existing and future domestic subsidiaries (other than immaterial subsidiaries). The senior secured notes due 2028 have the same guarantors as our credit agreement. The senior secured notes due 2028 and the related guarantees are secured by, subject to permitted liens, first-priority security interests in certain collateral (which generally includes most of our and our guarantors right or interest in or to property of any kind, except for our and our guarantors real property and certain intangible assets), which assets also secure (and will continue to secure) our credit agreement on a pari passu basis. Pursuant to the terms of the indenture, the related collateral agreement and an intercreditor agreement, the senior secured notes due 2028 and the guarantees rank (1) pari passu (equally and ratably) in right of payment to all of our and the guarantors existing and future senior debt, including existing and future senior debt under our existing or any future senior secured credit agreement (including the term loan borrowings under our existing senior secured credit facility, any obligations under our existing revolving credit facility and all other borrowings and obligations under our credit agreement), (2) effectively senior in right of payment to our and such guarantors existing and future senior unsecured debt, including our senior notes due 2025 and senior notes due 2027 to the extent of the value of the collateral, (3) effectively junior to our and the guarantors future secured debt, secured by assets that do not constitute collateral, to the 

 - 15 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 senior secured notes due 2028. The indenture governing the senior secured notes due 2028 contains covenants with respect to us and the guarantors and restricts the incurrence of additional indebtedness and the issuance of capital stock; the payment of dividends or distributions on, and redemption of, capital stock; a number of other restricted payments, including certain investments; creation of certain liens; certain sale-leaseback transactions; certain asset sales; fundamental changes, including consolidation, mergers and transfers of all or substantially all of our assets; and specified transactions with affiliates. Each of the covenants is subject to a number of important exceptions and qualifications. As of September 28, 2024, we were in compliance with all of the covenants in the indenture governing the senior secured notes due 2028. Offer to Partially Repurchase Senior Secured Notes Due 2028 Upon Asset Sale . During March 2024, B G Foods commenced an offer to purchase for cash up to million principal amount of our senior secured notes due 2028 from holders of the notes at a purchase price equal to of the principal amount of such notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, to, but not including, the date fixed for the purchase of the notes tendered pursuant to the offer. The offer was not conditioned upon a minimum principal amount of the notes being tendered. Pursuant to the indenture governing the senior secured notes due 2028, the offer was required to be made as a result of the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable divestiture. During April 2024, B G Foods received and accepted for purchase approximately million principal amount of the senior secured notes due 2028 validly tendered by the asset sale offer to purchase deadline. During April 2024, B G Foods used the remaining asset sale proceeds to prepay approximately million aggregate principal amount of tranche B term loans. Subsidiary Guarantees. We have no assets or operations independent of our direct and indirect subsidiaries. All of our present domestic subsidiaries jointly and severally and fully and unconditionally guarantee our long-term debt. There are no significant restrictions on our ability and the ability of our subsidiaries to obtain funds from our respective subsidiaries by dividend or loan. See Part I, Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Supplemental Financial Information about B G Foods and Guarantor Subsidiaries. Accrued Interest . At September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, accrued interest of million and million, respectively, is included in accrued expenses in the accompanying unaudited consolidated balance sheets. 

 - 16 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 (1) (1) Tranche B term loans due 2029 (2) (3) (2) (3) senior notes due 2025 (4) (3) (4) (3) senior notes due 2027 (3) (3) senior secured notes due 2028 (5) (3) (3) 

 (1) Fair values are estimated based on Level 2 inputs, which were quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active. (2) The carrying value of the tranche B term loans includes a discount. At September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the face amount of the tranche B term loans was million and million, respectively. (3) Fair values are estimated based on quoted market prices. (4) The carrying value of the senior notes due 2025 includes a premium. At September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the face amount of the senior notes due 2025 was million. During the fourth quarter of 2024, we redeemed all million of the senior notes due 2025. See Note 6, Long-Term Debt and Note 17, Subsequent Event. (5) The carrying value of the senior secured notes due 2028 includes a discount. At September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the face amount of the senior secured notes due 2028 was million and million, respectively. There was Level 3 activity during the third quarter or first three quarters of 2024 or 2023. ) ) ) See (1) below Accumulated other comprehensive gain before tax ) ) ) ) Total before tax Tax expense Income tax expense (benefit) Total reclassification ) ) ) ) Net of tax 

 (1) These items are included in the computation of net periodic pension cost. See Note 10, Pension Benefits, for additional information. 

 - 17 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCLI ) ) Net current period other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Balance at September 28, 2024 ) ) shares of our common stock under our ATM equity offering program. We generated million in gross proceeds, or per share, from the sales and paid commissions to the sales agents of approximately million and incurred other fees and expenses. We used a portion of the proceeds to repurchase million aggregate principal amount of our senior notes due 2025 in open market purchases at a discounted repurchase price of million (or of such principal amount) plus accrued and unpaid interest of million. We used the remaining proceeds to repay or redeem long-term debt and to pay offering fees and expenses. Future sales of shares, if any, under the ATM equity offering program will be made by means of transactions that are deemed to be at-the-market offerings as defined in Rule 415 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, including block trades and sales made in ordinary brokers transactions on the New York Stock Exchange or otherwise at market prices prevailing at the time of the sale, at prices related to prevailing market prices or at negotiated prices. The timing and amount of any sales will be determined by a variety of factors considered by us. We intend to use the net proceeds from any future sales of our common stock under the ATM offering for general corporate purposes, which could include, among other things, repayment, refinancing, redemption or repurchase of long-term debt or possible acquisitions. As of September 28, 2024, shares of our common stock remain authorized and available for issuance under our ATM equity offering program. Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan. At the annual meeting of stockholders of B G Foods held on May 17, 2023, our stockholders approved an amendment to our Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan. Upon the recommendation of our compensation committee, our board of directors had previously adopted the amendment to our Omnibus Plan, subject to stockholder approval. The amendment increased the number of shares of common stock available for grant under the Omnibus Plan by . As of September 28, 2024, shares of common stock remained available for grant under the Omnibus Plan. 

 - 18 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 company-sponsored defined benefit pension plans covering approximately of our employees. of these defined benefit pension plans are for the benefit of certain of our union employees and is for the benefit of salaried and certain hourly employees. The benefits in the salaried and hourly plan are based on each employee s years of service and compensation, as defined. Newly hired employees are no longer eligible to participate in any of our company-sponsored defined benefit pension plans. company-sponsored defined benefit pension plans for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024 and 2023 includes the following components (in thousands): Interest cost on projected benefit obligation Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of unrecognized gain ) ) ) ) Net periodic pension cost During the first three quarters of 2024, we did t make any contributions to our company-sponsored defined benefit pension plans. During the first three quarters of 2023, we made contributions to our company-sponsored defined benefit pension plans of million. During the fourth quarter of fiscal 2024, we made million of contributions. Multi-Employer Defined Benefit Pension Plan . Prior to the closure of our Portland, Maine manufacturing facility during the fourth quarter of 2021, we also contributed to the Bakery and Confectionery Union and Industry International Pension Fund (EIN 52-6118572, Plan No. 001), a multi-employer defined benefit pension plan, sponsored by the Bakery, Confectionery, Tobacco Workers and Grain Millers International Union (BCTGM) on behalf of certain employees at the Portland, Maine facility. In connection with the closure and sale of the Portland, Maine manufacturing facility, we withdrew from participation in the plan during the fourth quarter of 2021. As a result, we are required to make monthly withdrawal liability payments to the plan over . These payments amount to approximately million on an annual basis beginning March 1, 2022. Accordingly, the present value of the remaining payments amounting to million as of September 28, 2024 is reflected as a liability on our unaudited consolidated balance sheet. to , some of which include options to the lease term for up to , and some of which include options to the lease within . We consider these options in determining the lease term used to establish our right-of-use assets and lease liabilities. 

 - 19 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 Finance lease right-of-use assets Total lease right-of-use assets Operating lease liabilities: Current portion of operating lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Total operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities: Current portion of finance lease liabilities Long-term finance lease liabilities, net of current portion Total finance lease liabilities Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of finance lease liabilities The components of operating lease costs were as follows: Cost of goods sold Selling, general and administrative expenses Total operating lease costs The components of finance lease costs were as follows: Depreciation of finance right-of-use assets Interest on finance lease liabilities Total finance lease costs Total net lease costs Total rent expense was million, including the operating lease costs of million stated above, for the third quarter of 2024 and million, including the operating lease costs of million stated above, for the first three quarters of 2024. Total rent expense was million, including the operating lease costs of million stated above, for the third quarter of 2023 and million, including the operating lease costs of million stated above, for the first three quarters of 2023. Because neither our operating leases nor our finance lease provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at commencement date in determining the present value of lease payments. We have lease agreements that contain both lease and non-lease components. With the exception of our real estate leases, we account for our leases as a single lease component. 

 - 20 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 Finance lease Weighted average discount rate Operating leases Finance lease As of September 28, 2024, the maturities of lease liabilities were as follows (in thousands): 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total undiscounted future minimum lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) ) ) Total present value of future lease liabilities of our employees, or approximately , were covered by collective bargaining agreements. As of the date of this report, only one of our collective bargaining agreements is scheduled to expire in the next . The collective bargaining agreement for our Ankeny, Iowa facility, which covers approximately employees, is scheduled to expire on April 6, 2025. While we believe that our relations with our union employees are in general good, we cannot assure you that we will be able to negotiate new collective bargaining agreements for our Ankeny facility on terms satisfactory to us, or at all, and without production interruptions, including labor stoppages. At this time, however, management does not expect 

 - 21 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of stock options excluded from the calculation of diluted weighted average shares outstanding because the effect would have been antidilutive on diluted earnings per share. Net effect of potentially dilutive share-based compensation awards (1) Diluted 

 (1) For the third quarter of 2023 and the first three quarters of 2024 and 2023, there are no potentially dilutive share-based compensation awards included in the calculation of diluted weighted average common shares outstanding, as their effect was antidilutive. customers accounted for approximately and of consolidated net sales for the first three quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively. Other than Walmart, which accounted for approximately and of our consolidated net sales for the first three quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively, no single customer accounted for more than 10.0 of our consolidated net sales for the first three quarters of 2024 or 2023. Walmart is a customer for all of our operating segments. Our top customers accounted for approximately and of our consolidated trade accounts receivables as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. Other than Walmart, which accounted for approximately and of our consolidated trade accounts receivables as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, no single customer accounted for more than 10.0 of our consolidated trade accounts receivables. As of September 28, 2024, we do not believe we have any significant concentration of credit risk with respect to our consolidated trade accounts receivables with any single customer whose failure or nonperformance would materially affect our results other than as described above with respect to Walmart. During the first three quarters of 2024 and 2023, our sales to customers in foreign countries represented approximately and , respectively, of net sales. Our foreign sales are primarily to customers in Canada. 

 - 22 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 Granted Exercised Forfeited Expired Outstanding at September 28, 2024 Exercisable at September 28, 2024 The fair value of the options was estimated on the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model utilizing the following assumptions. Expected volatility was based on both historical and implied volatilities of our common stock over the estimated expected term of the award. The expected term of the options granted represents the period of time that options were expected to be outstanding and is generally based on the simplified method in accordance with accounting guidance. We generally utilize the simplified method to determine the expected term of the options as we do not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. However, a portion of the options granted during the first quarter of 2023 were granted with exercise prices significantly above the closing price on the date of grant. For those options, we modified the method for determining the expected term and adjusted to or towards the full remaining contractual life. The risk-free interest rate for the expected term of options is based on the U.S. Treasury implied yield at the date of grant. The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model for options granted during the first three quarters of 2024 and 2023 were as follows: Expected volatility - Expected term years years - years Risk-free interest rate - Dividend yield - The following table details the activity in our performance share long-term incentive awards (LTIAs) for the first three quarters of 2024: Granted Vested Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 28, 2024 

 (1) Solely for purposes of this table, the number of performance shares is based on the participants earning the maximum number of performance shares (i.e., or , as applicable, of the target number of performance shares). (2) The fair value of the awards was determined based upon the closing price of our common stock on the applicable measurement dates (i.e., the deemed grant dates for accounting purposes), reduced by the present value of expected dividends using the risk-free interest-rate, as the award holders are not entitled to dividends or dividend equivalents during the vesting period. 

- 23 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 The following table details the activity in our restricted stock for the first three quarters of 2024: Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 28, 2024 

 (1) The fair value of the awards was determined based upon the closing price of our common stock on the applicable measurement dates (i.e., the deemed grant dates for accounting purposes). 
 The following table details the number of shares of common stock issued by our company during the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024 and 2023 upon the vesting of performance share LTIAs, the exercise of stock options, the issuance of restricted stock and other share-based compensation net of cancellations: Shares withheld for tax withholding ) Shares of common stock issued for performance share LTIAs Shares of common stock issued to non-employee directors for annual equity grants Shares of restricted common stock issued to employees Shares of restricted stock withheld and cancelled for tax withholding upon vesting ) ) Shares of restricted stock cancelled upon forfeiture ) ) Net shares of common stock issued Compensation expense included in selling, general and administrative expenses Total compensation expense for share-based payments As of September 28, 2024, there was million of unrecognized compensation expense related to performance share LTIAs, which is expected to be recognized over the next years, million of unrecognized compensation expense related to restricted stock, which is expected to be recognized over the next years, and million of unrecognized compensation expense related to stock options, which is expected to be recognized over the next years. 

 - 24 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 business segments. This change stemmed from our recent formation and the evolution of our business units: Specialty, Meals, Frozen Vegetables and Spices Flavor Solutions, which are further described below. Prior period segment results in the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements and related notes in this report have been recast to reflect the change from single operating segment to operating segments. Specialty includes, among others, the Crisco , Clabber Girl , Bear Creek , Polaner , Underwood , B G , Grandma s , New York Style , B M , TrueNorth , Don Pepino , Sclafani , Baker s Joy , Regina , SugarTwin and Brer Rabbit brands. Meals includes, among others, the Ortega , Maple Grove Farms , Cream of Wheat , Victoria , Las Palmas , Mama Mary s , Spring Tree , McCann s , Carey s and Vermont Maid brands. Frozen Vegetables includes the Green Giant and Le Sueur brands. Spices Flavor Solutions includes, among others, the Dash , Weber , Spice Islands , Tone s , Ac cent , Trappey s , Durkee and Wright s brands. Segment net sales and segment adjusted EBITDA are the primary measures used by our chief operating decision maker (CODM) to evaluate segment operating performance and to decide how to allocate resources to segments. Our CODM is our chief executive officer. Segment adjusted EBITDA excludes unallocated corporate items, depreciation and amortization, acquisition/divestiture-related and non-recurring expenses, impairment of intangible assets, gains and losses on sales of assets, interest expense, and income tax expense or benefit. Unallocated corporate items consist of centrally managed corporate functions, including selling, marketing, procurement, centralized administrative functions, insurance, and other similar expenses not directly tied to segment operating performance. Depreciation and amortization expenses are neither maintained nor available by operating segment, as our manufacturing, warehouse, and distribution activities are centrally managed. These items that are centrally managed at the corporate level, and therefore excluded from the measure of segment adjusted EBITDA, are reviewed by our CODM. Expenses that are managed centrally but can be attributed to a segment, such as warehousing and transportation expenses, are generally allocated based on net sales. Information about total assets by operating segment is neither maintained nor disclosed because such information is not provided to, or reviewed by, our CODM for purposes of assessing operating segment performance or allocating resources. 

 - 25 - 

Table of Contents B G Foods, Inc. and Subsidiaries Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Continued) (Unaudited) 
 Meals Frozen Vegetables Spices Flavor Solutions Total net sales Segment adjusted EBITDA: Specialty Meals Frozen Vegetables Spices Flavor Solutions Total segment adjusted EBITDA Unallocated corporate expenses Adjusted EBITDA Depreciation and amortization Acquisition/divestiture-related and non-recurring expenses Impairment of goodwill Loss on sales of assets, net of facility closure costs Impairment of assets held for sale Interest expense, net Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) ) million aggregate principal amount of our then outstanding senior notes due 2025 at a cash redemption price of of the principal amount of the notes redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest on such amount, to, but excluding, the redemption date. We funded the redemption with revolving loans under our existing credit facility together with cash on hand. 

 - 26 - 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operation s The following Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including those set forth under the heading Forward-Looking Statements before Part I of this report and elsewhere in this report. The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated interim financial statements and related notes for the thirteen and thirty-nine weeks ended September 28, 2024 (third quarter and first three quarters of 2024) included elsewhere in this report and the audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for the fiscal year ended December 30, 2023 (fiscal 2023) included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) on February 28, 2024 (which we refer to as our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K). General We manufacture, sell and distribute a diverse portfolio of branded, high quality, shelf-stable and frozen foods and household products, many of which have leading regional or national market shares. In general, we position our branded products to appeal to the consumer desiring a high quality and reasonably priced product. We complement our branded product retail sales with institutional and foodservice sales and private label sales. Our company has been built upon a successful track record of acquisition-driven growth. Our goal is to continue to increase sales, profitability and cash flows through strategic acquisitions, new product development and organic growth. We intend to implement our growth strategy through the following initiatives: expanding our brand portfolio with disciplined acquisitions of complementary branded businesses, continuing to develop new products and delivering them to market quickly, leveraging our multiple channel sales and distribution system and continuing to focus on higher growth customers and distribution channels. Since 1996, we have successfully acquired and integrated more than 50 brands or businesses into our company. More recently, in an attempt to sharpen focus, improve margins and reduce our long-term debt, we have begun reshaping our portfolio through select divestitures. For example, on January 3, 2023, we completed the sale of the Back to Nature business. We refer to this divestiture in this report as the Back to Nature sale or Back to Natur e divestiture. On November 8, 2023, we completed the sale of the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable product line. These divestitures affect comparability between periods. We have also decided to place our frozen and remaining shelf-stable vegetable businesses under strategic review and we are evaluating a possible divestiture of some or all of the assets in our Frozen Vegetables business unit, either in a single transaction or in a series of transactions. We are subject to a number of challenges that may adversely affect our businesses. These challenges, which are discussed below and under the heading Forward-Looking Statements, include: Fluctuations in Commodity Prices and Production and Distribution Costs. We purchase raw materials, including agricultural products, oils, meat, poultry, ingredients and packaging materials from growers, commodity processors, other food companies and packaging suppliers located in U.S. and foreign locations. Raw materials and other input costs, such as fuel and transportation, are subject to fluctuations in price attributable to a number of factors, including climate and weather conditions, supply chain disruptions (including raw material shortages), labor shortages, wars and pandemics. Fluctuations in commodity prices can lead to retail price volatility and intensive price competition, and can influence consumer and trade buying patterns. The cost of raw materials, fuel, labor, distribution and other costs related to our operations can increase from time to time significantly and unexpectedly. We attempt to manage cost inflation risks by locking in prices through short-term supply contracts and advance commodities purchase agreements and by implementing cost saving measures. We also attempt to offset rising input costs by raising sales prices to our customers. However, increases in the prices we charge our customers may lag behind rising input costs. Competitive pressures also may limit our ability to quickly raise prices in response to rising costs. We experienced material net cost increases for raw materials during the last several years due to a number of factors, including the war in Ukraine and the COVID-19 pandemic. Raw material costs remained elevated in fiscal 2023 and the first three quarters of 2024 and we anticipate that certain raw material costs will remain elevated during the remainder of fiscal 2024. We are currently locked into our supply and prices for a majority of our most significant raw material commodities through the remainder of fiscal 2024. 

 - 27 - 

Table of Contents 
 In recent years, we have been negatively impacted by industry-wide increases in the cost of distribution, primarily driven by increased freight rates. Freight rates increased significantly during the fourth quarter of 2020 and throughout fiscal 2021 and fiscal 2022. We attempt to offset all or a portion of these increases through price increases and cost savings initiatives. For example, despite higher rates for freight in 2021 and 2022, we were able to offset a portion of the freight cost increases through pricing, which included both list price increases and trade spend optimization. Although freight rates began to decline in 2023, freight rates remained elevated during the first three quarters of 2024 and we expect freight rates to remain elevated during the remainder of fiscal 2024 and into fiscal 2025. We plan to continue managing inflation risk by entering into short-term supply contracts and advance commodities purchase agreements from time to time, and, when necessary, by raising prices. Beginning in the fourth quarter of 2022 through the fourth quarter of 2023, we saw improvements in our gross profit and gross profit margins as our net pricing has to a large extent caught up with input cost increases. However, to the extent we are unable to avoid or offset any present or future cost increases by locking in our costs, implementing cost saving measures or increasing prices to our customers, our operating results could be materially adversely affected. In addition, if input costs decline, customers may look for price reductions in situations where we have locked into purchases at higher costs. During the past several years, our cost saving measures and sales price increases have not been sufficient to fully offset increases to our raw material, ingredient and packaging and distribution costs. Consolidation in the Retail Trade and Consequent Inventory Reductions . As customers, such as supermarkets, discounters, e-commerce merchants, warehouse clubs and food distributors, continue to consolidate and grow larger and become more sophisticated, our retail customers may demand lower pricing and increased promotional programs. These customers are also reducing their inventories and increasing their emphasis on private label products. Changing Consumer Preferences and Channel Shifts. Consumers in the market categories in which we compete frequently change their taste preferences, dietary habits and product packaging preferences. In addition, the rapid growth of some channels and changing consumer preferences for these channels, in particular in e-commerce, which has expanded significantly following the outbreak of COVID-19, may impact our current operations or strategies more quickly than we planned for, create consumer price deflation, alter the buying behavior of consumers or disrupt our retail customer relationships. As a result of changing consumer preferences for products and channels, we may need to increase or reallocate spending on existing and new distribution channels and technologies, marketing, advertising and new product innovation to protect or increase revenues, market share and brand significance. These expenditures may not be successful, including those related to our e-commerce and other technology-focused efforts, and might not result in trade and consumer acceptance of our efforts. If we are unable to effectively and timely adapt to changes in consumer preferences and channel shifts, our products may lose market share or we may face significant price erosion, and our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations or liquidity could be materially and adversely affected. Consumer Concern Regarding Food Safety, Quality and Health. The food industry is subject to consumer concerns regarding the safety and quality of certain food products. If consumers in our principal markets lose confidence in the safety and quality of our food products, even as a result of a product liability claim or a product recall by a food industry competitor, our business could be adversely affected. Fluctuations in Currency Exchange Rates. Our foreign sales are primarily to customers in Canada. Our sales to Canada are generally denominated in Canadian dollars and our sales for export to other countries are generally denominated in U.S. dollars. During the first three quarters of 2024 and 2023, our net sales to customers in foreign countries represented approximately 9.1 and 8.7 , respectively, of our total net sales. We also purchase a significant majority of our maple syrup requirements from suppliers located in Qu bec, Canada. Any weakening of the U.S. dollar against the Canadian dollar could significantly increase our costs relating to the production of our maple syrup products to the extent we have not purchased Canadian dollars in advance of any such weakening of the U.S. dollar or otherwise entered into a currency hedging arrangement in advance of any such weakening of the U.S. dollar. These increased costs would not be fully offset by the positive impact the change in the relative strength of the Canadian dollar versus the U.S. dollar would have on our net sales in Canada. Our purchases of raw materials from other foreign suppliers are generally denominated in U.S. dollars. We also operate a manufacturing facility in Irapuato, Mexico for the manufacture of Green Giant frozen products and are as a result exposed to fluctuations in the Mexican peso. Our results of operations could be adversely impacted by changes in foreign currency exchange rates. Costs and expenses in Mexico are recognized in local foreign currency, and therefore we are exposed to potential gains or losses from the translation of those amounts into U.S. 

 - 28 - 

Table of Contents 
 dollars for consolidation into our consolidated financial statements. For example, our results of operations from our Green Giant frozen operations in Mexico were negatively impacted during fiscal 2023 as a result of the Mexican peso appreciating by approximately 15 against the U.S. dollar during that period, and have continued to be negatively impacted during fiscal 2024. To confront these challenges, we continue to take steps to build the value of our brands, to improve our existing portfolio of products with new product and marketing initiatives, to reduce costs through improved productivity, to address consumer concerns about food safety, quality and health and to favorably manage currency fluctuations. Critical Accounting Policies; Use of Estimates The preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States (GAAP) requires our management to make a number of estimates and assumptions relating to the reporting of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Some of the more significant estimates and assumptions made by management involve: revenue recognition as it relates to trade and consumer promotion expenses; pension benefits; acquisition accounting fair value allocations; the recoverability of goodwill, other intangible assets, property, plant and equipment, and deferred tax assets; and the determination of the useful life of customer relationship and finite-lived trademark intangible assets. Actual results could differ significantly from these estimates and assumptions. In our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, we identified the critical accounting policies which affect our more significant estimates and assumptions used in preparing our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements. There have been no material changes to these policies from those disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, other than that during the first quarter of 2024, we reorganized our reporting structure, leading to a change of our operating and reportable segments. This change stemmed from our recent formation and the evolution of our four business units, which are: Specialty, Meals, Frozen Vegetables, and Spices Flavor Solutions. Previously, we had operated under a single operating and reportable segment. See Note 16, Business Segment Information, to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item I of this report for more information about our four business segments. U.S. Tax Act On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which we refer to as the U.S. Tax Act, was signed into law. The U.S. Tax Act provides for significant changes in the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. The changes in the U.S. Tax Act are broad and complex and we continue to examine the impact the U.S. Tax Act may have on our business and financial results. The U.S. Tax Act contains provisions with separate effective dates but was generally effective for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. Under FASB Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 740, Income Taxes, we are required to revalue any deferred tax assets or liabilities in the period of enactment of change in tax rates. Beginning on January 1, 2018, the U.S. Tax Act lowered the U.S. federal corporate income tax rate from 35 to 21 on our U.S. earnings from that date and beyond. The reduction in the corporate income tax rate from 35 to 21 was effective for our fiscal 2018 and subsequent years. The reduction in the corporate income tax rate has reduced our cash income tax payments. However, we expect the impact will be partially offset as a result of the phase-out by the end of 2026 of bonus depreciation on certain business additions. The U.S. Tax Act also limits the deduction for net interest expense (including the treatment of depreciation and other deductions in arriving at adjusted taxable income) incurred by a corporate taxpayer to 30 of the taxpayer s adjusted taxable income. If we are unable to fully utilize our interest expense deductions in future periods, our cash taxes will increase. Beginning with fiscal 2022, our adjusted taxable income as computed for purposes of the interest expense deduction limitation is computed after any deduction allowable for depreciation and amortization. As a result, our adjusted taxable income (used to compute the limitation) decreased and we were subject to the interest expense deduction limitation in fiscal 2023, resulting in an increase to taxable income of 107.7 million. We expect to continue to be subject to the interest deduction limitation in fiscal 2024 and future years. We have recorded a deferred tax asset of 46.9 million for fiscal 2023 related to the interest deduction carryover, without a valuation allowance, as the disallowed interest may be carried forward indefinitely. The increase in our cash taxes resulting from the interest expense deduction limitation was 

 - 29 - 

Table of Contents 
 approximately 25.0 million for fiscal 2023. There are various factors that may cause tax assumptions to change in the future, and we may have to record a valuation allowance against these deferred tax assets. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Cash Flows Cash Income Tax Payments. The U.S. Treasury issued several regulations supplementing the U.S. Tax Act in 2018, including detailed guidance clarifying the calculation of the mandatory tax on previously unrepatriated earnings, application of the existing foreign tax credit rules to newly created categories and expanding details for application of the base erosion tax on affiliate payments. These regulations are to be applied retroactively and did not materially impact our tax rates in the first three quarters of 2024 or fiscal 2023. Results of Operations The following table sets forth the percentages of net sales represented by selected items for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024 and 2023 reflected in our consolidated statements of operations. The comparisons of financial results are not necessarily indicative of future results: 

Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-nine Weeks Ended September 28, September 30, September 28, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Statement of Operations Data: Net sales 100.0 100.0 100.0 100.0 Cost of goods sold 77.8 77.4 78.0 77.7 Gross profit 22.2 22.6 22.0 22.3 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses 10.0 9.6 10.0 9.6 Amortization expense 1.1 1.0 1.1 1.1 Impairment of goodwill 5.1 Impairment of assets held for sale 26.4 9.0 Operating income (loss) 11.1 (14.4) 5.8 2.6 Other (income) and expenses: Interest expense, net 9.1 7.1 8.5 7.5 Other income (0.2) (0.1) (0.2) (0.2) Income (loss) before income tax expense (benefit) 2.2 (21.4) (2.5) (4.7) Income tax expense (benefit) 0.6 (4.9) (0.5) (0.1) Net income (loss) 1.6 (16.5) (2.0) (4.6) As used in this section, the terms listed below have the following meanings: Net Sales. Our net sales represents gross sales of products shipped to customers plus amounts charged to customers for shipping and handling, less cash discounts, coupon redemptions, slotting fees and trade promotional spending, including marketing development funds. Gross Profit. Our gross profit is equal to our net sales less cost of goods sold. The primary components of our cost of goods sold are cost of internally manufactured products, purchases of finished goods from co-packers, a portion of our warehousing expenses plus freight costs to our distribution centers and to our customers. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Our selling, general and administrative expenses include costs related to selling our products, as well as all other general and administrative expenses. Some of these costs include administrative, marketing and internal sales force employee compensation and benefits costs, consumer advertising programs, brokerage costs, a portion of our warehousing expenses, information technology and communication costs, office rent, utilities, supplies, professional services, severance, acquisition/divestiture-related and non-recurring expenses and other general corporate expenses. Amortization Expense. Amortization expense includes the amortization expense associated with customer relationships, finite-lived trademarks and other intangible assets. Impairment of Goodwill . Impairment of goodwill includes pre-tax, non-cash impairment charges to goodwill. 

 - 30 - 

Table of Contents 
 Impairment of Assets Held for Sale. Impairment of assets held for sale consists of pre-tax, non-cash charges to assets held for sale. We measure assets held for sale at the lower of their carrying value and fair value less anticipated costs to sell, and record non-cash impairment charges to the extent the fair value less anticipated costs to sell is less than their carrying value. Net Interest Expense. Net interest expense includes interest relating to our outstanding indebtedness, amortization of bond discount/premium and amortization of deferred debt financing costs (net of interest income). Loss (Gain) on Extinguishment of Debt . Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt includes losses relating to the retirement of indebtedness, including the write-off of unamortized deferred debt financing costs and unamortized discount, or gains relating to the retirement of indebtedness, including any repurchase discount net of the accelerated amortization of deferred debt financing costs. Other Income. Other income includes the non-service portion of net periodic pension cost and net periodic post-retirement benefit costs, and income or expense resulting from the remeasurement of monetary assets denominated in a foreign currency into U.S. dollars for financial reporting purposes. Non-GAAP Financial Measures Certain disclosures in this report include non-GAAP financial measures. A non-GAAP financial measure is defined as a numerical measure of our financial performance that excludes or includes amounts so as to be different from the most directly comparable measure calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP in our consolidated balance sheets and related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), changes in stockholders equity and cash flows. Base Business Net Sales. Base business net sales is a non-GAAP financial measure used by management to measure operating performance. We define base business net sales as our net sales excluding (1) the net sales of acquisitions until the net sales from such acquisitions are included in both comparable periods and (2) net sales of discontinued or divested brands. The portion of current period net sales attributable to recent acquisitions for which there is no corresponding period in the comparable period of the prior year is excluded. For each acquisition, the excluded period starts at the beginning of the most recent fiscal period being compared and ends on the first anniversary of the acquisition date. For discontinued or divested brands, the entire amount of net sales is excluded from each fiscal period being compared. We have included this financial measure because our management believes it provides useful and comparable trend information regarding the results of our business without the effect of the timing of acquisitions and the effect of discontinued or divested brands. A reconciliation of net sales to base business net sales for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024 and 2023 follows (in thousands): 

Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-nine Weeks Ended September 28, September 30, September 28, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net sales 461,073 502,734 1,380,886 1,484,185 Net sales from discontinued or divested brands (1) (20,312) 106 (48,520) Base business net sales 461,073 482,422 1,380,992 1,435,665 

 (1) For the third quarter and first three quarters of 2023, reflects net sales of the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable product line, which was divested on November 8, 2023, partially offset by a net credit paid to customers relating to discontinued brands. For the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024, reflects a net credit paid to customers relating to discontinued and divested brands. 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are non-GAAP financial measures used by management to measure operating performance. We define EBITDA as net income (loss) before net interest expense, income taxes and depreciation and amortization. We define adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA adjusted for cash and non-cash acquisition/divestiture-related expenses, gains and losses (which may include third party fees and expenses, integration, restructuring and consolidation expenses, amortization of acquired inventory fair value step-up, and gains and losses on the sale of certain assets); gains and losses on extinguishment of debt; impairment of assets held for sale; impairment of intangible assets; and non-recurring expenses, gains and losses. 

 - 31 - 

Table of Contents 
 Management believes that it is useful to eliminate these items because it allows management to focus on what it deems to be a more reliable indicator of ongoing operating performance and our ability to generate cash flow from operations. We use EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA in our business operations to, among other things, evaluate our operating performance, develop budgets and measure our performance against those budgets, determine employee bonuses and evaluate our cash flows in terms of cash needs. We also present EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA because we believe they are useful indicators of our historical debt capacity and ability to service debt and because covenants in our credit agreement and our senior notes indentures contain ratios based on these measures. As a result, reports used by internal management during monthly operating reviews feature the EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA metrics. However, management uses these metrics in conjunction with traditional GAAP operating performance and liquidity measures as part of its overall assessment of company performance and liquidity, and therefore does not place undue reliance on these measures as its only measures of operating performance and liquidity. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are not recognized terms under GAAP and do not purport to be alternatives to operating income (loss), net income (loss) or any other GAAP measure as an indicator of operating performance. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are not complete net cash flow measures because EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are measures of liquidity that do not include reductions for cash payments for an entity s obligation to service its debt, fund its working capital, capital expenditures and acquisitions and pay its income taxes and dividends. Rather, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are potential indicators of an entity s ability to fund these cash requirements. EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA are not complete measures of an entity s profitability because they do not include certain costs and expenses and gains and losses described above. Because not all companies use identical calculations, this presentation of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. However, EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA can still be useful in evaluating our performance against our peer companies because management believes these measures provide users with valuable insight into key components of GAAP amounts. Reconciliations of net income (loss) and net cash provided by operating activities to EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024 and 2023 along with the components of EBITDA and adjusted EBITDA follows (in thousands): 

Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-nine Weeks Ended September 28, September 30, September 28, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) 7,464 (82,741) (28,837) (68,773) Income tax expense (benefit) 2,663 (24,661) (6,341) (647) Interest expense, net (1) 42,166 35,859 117,799 111,108 Depreciation and amortization 17,157 17,282 51,709 52,586 EBITDA 69,450 (54,261) 134,330 94,274 Acquisition/divestiture-related and non-recurring expenses (2) 919 1,716 4,289 3,912 Impairment of goodwill (3) 70,580 Loss on sales of assets, net of facility closure costs 135 85 Impairment of assets held for sale (4) 132,949 132,949 Adjusted EBITDA 70,369 80,404 209,334 231,220 

 - 32 - 

Table of Contents 

Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-nine Weeks Ended September 28, September 30, September 28, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 4,156 23,304 50,566 155,681 Income tax expense (benefit) 2,663 (24,661) (6,341) (647) Interest expense, net (1) 42,166 35,859 117,799 111,108 Impairment of goodwill (3) (70,580) (Loss) gain on extinguishment of debt (1) (1,938) 582 (1,938) 1,368 Loss on sales of assets (598) (258) (775) Deferred income taxes 1,810 34,037 16,968 18,940 Amortization of deferred debt financing costs and bond discount/premium (1,329) (1,007) (4,537) (5,691) Share-based compensation expense (2,400) (2,151) (6,795) (5,452) Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of business combinations 24,322 13,323 39,446 (47,309) Impairment of assets held for sale (4) (132,949) (132,949) EBITDA 69,450 (54,261) 134,330 94,274 Acquisition/divestiture-related and non-recurring expenses (2) 919 1,716 4,289 3,912 Impairment of goodwill (3) 70,580 Loss on sales of assets, net of facility closure costs 135 85 Impairment of assets held for sale (4) 132,949 132,949 Adjusted EBITDA 70,369 80,404 209,334 231,220 Segment Adjusted EBITDA. For a discussion of segment adjusted EBITDA and a reconciliation of segment adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), see Note 16, Business Segment Information, to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this report. Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted Earnings Per Share. Adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share are non-GAAP financial measures used by management to measure operating performance. We define adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share as net income (loss) and diluted earnings (loss) per share adjusted for certain items that affect comparability. These non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments to net income (loss) and diluted earnings (loss) per share to eliminate the items identified in the reconciliation below. This information is provided in order to allow investors to make meaningful comparisons of our operating performance between periods and to view our business from the same perspective as our management. Because we cannot predict the timing and amount of these items, management does not consider these items when evaluating our company s performance or when making decisions regarding allocation of resources. 

 - 33 - 

Table of Contents 
 A reconciliation of net income (loss) to adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024 and 2023 along with the components of adjusted net income and adjusted diluted earnings per share follows (in thousands): 

Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-nine Weeks Ended September 28, September 30, September 28, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) 7,464 (82,741) (28,837) (68,773) Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt (1) 1,938 (582) 1,938 (1,368) Debt financing costs (5) 1,140 1,140 Acquisition/divestiture-related and non-recurring expenses (2) 919 1,716 4,289 3,912 Impairment of goodwill (3) 70,580 Loss on sales of assets, net of facility closure costs 135 85 Accelerated amortization of deferred debt financing costs (6) 456 Impairment of assets held for sale (4) 132,949 132,949 Tax adjustment related to Back to Nature divestiture (7) 14,736 Tax true-up (8) (351) 646 Tax effects of non-GAAP adjustments (9) (979) (30,846) (19,240) (31,213) Adjusted net income 10,131 20,496 31,107 50,328 Adjusted diluted earnings per share 0.13 0.27 0.39 0.69 

 (1) Net interest expense for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024 includes a loss on extinguishment of debt of 1.9 million, which consists of 1.3 million related to the refinancing of tranche B term loans and 0.6 million related to the refinancing of revolving credit loans. Net interest expense for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2023 was reduced by 0.6 million and 1.4 million, respectively, as a result of gains on extinguishment of debt related to our repurchases of 20.2 million aggregate principal amount and 44.6 million aggregate principal amount, respectively, of our 5.25 senior notes due 2025 in open market purchases during the third quarter and first three quarters of 2023 at discounted repurchase prices, net of the accelerated amortization of deferred debt financing costs of 0.1 million and 0.3 million, respectively, for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2023. (2) Acquisition/divestiture-related and non-recurring expenses for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024 of 0.9 million (or 0.7 million, net of tax) and 4.3 million (or 3.2 million, net of tax), respectively, primarily includes non-recurring expenses related to Crisco , divestiture-related expenses for the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable and Back to Nature divestitures, and other non-recurring expenses. Acquisition/divestiture-related and non-recurring expenses for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2023 of 1.7 million (or 1.3 million, net of tax) and 3.9 million (or 3.0 million, net of tax), respectively, primarily includes acquisition and integration expenses for the Crisco acquisition and divestiture-related expenses for the Back to Nature divestiture. (3) In connection with our transition from one reporting segment to four reporting segments during the first quarter of 2024, we reassigned assets and liabilities, including goodwill, between the reporting segments and completed a goodwill impairment test both prior to and subsequent to the change. The goodwill impairment test resulted in us recognizing pre-tax, non-cash goodwill impairment charges of 70.6 million (or 53.4 million, net of tax) within our Frozen Vegetables reporting segment during the first quarter of 2024. See Note 5, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, and Note 16, Business Segment Information, to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item I of this report. (4) In connection with the divestiture of our Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable product line during the fourth quarter of 2023, we reclassified 115.3 million of indefinite-lived trademark intangible assets, 82.3 million of inventories and 4.1 million of finite-lived customer relationship intangible assets to assets held for sale as of the end of the third quarter of 2023. We then measured the assets held for sale at the lower of their carrying value or fair value less the estimated costs to sell, and recorded pre-tax, non-cash impairment charges of 132.9 million (or 100.4 million, net of tax) during the third quarter of 2023. See Note 3, Acquisitions and Divestitures, to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item I of this report. (5) Debt financing costs for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024 reflects the portion of debt financing costs incurred in connection with the refinancing of our senior secured credit facility that is included in net interest expense for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024. Of the 1.1 million included in net interest expense for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024, 0.4 million relates to the refinancing of tranche B term loans and 0.7 million relates to the refinancing of revolving credit loans. 

 - 34 - 

Table of Contents 
 (6) Net interest expense for the first three quarters of 2024 includes the accelerated amortization of deferred debt financing costs of 0.5 million (or 0.3 million, net of tax), resulting from our prepayment of 21.3 million aggregate principal amount of tranche B term loans and repurchase of 0.7 million aggregate principal amount of 8.00 senior secured notes due 2028 during the second quarter of 2024. (7) As a result of the Back to Nature divestiture, we incurred a capital loss for tax purposes, for which we recorded a deferred tax asset during the first quarter of 2023. A valuation allowance has been recorded against this deferred tax asset, which negatively impacted our first quarter of 2023 income taxes by 14.7 million, or 0.21 per share. (8) Tax true-up for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024 relates to return to provision adjustments in the U.S., Mexico and Canada. (9) Represents the tax effects of the non-GAAP adjustments listed above, assuming a tax rate of 24.5 . 
 Adjusted Gross Profit and Adjusted Gross Profit Percentage . Adjusted gross profit and adjusted gross profit percentage are non-GAAP financial measures used by management to measure operating performance. We define adjusted gross profit as gross profit adjusted for acquisition/divestiture-related expenses and non-recurring expenses included in cost of goods sold and adjusted gross profit percentage as gross profit percentage (i.e., gross profit as a percentage of net sales) adjusted for acquisition/divestiture-related expenses and non-recurring expenses included in cost of goods sold. These non-GAAP financial measures reflect adjustments to gross profit and gross profit percentage to eliminate the items identified in the reconciliation below. This information is provided in order to allow investors to make meaningful comparisons of our operating performance between periods and to view our business from the same perspective as our management. Because we cannot predict the timing and amount of these items, management does not consider these items when evaluating our performance or when making decisions regarding allocation of resources. A reconciliation of gross profit to adjusted gross profit and gross profit percentage to adjusted gross profit percentage for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively, follows (in thousands, except percentages): 

Thirteen Weeks Ended Thirty-nine Weeks Ended September 28, September 30, September 28, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Gross profit 102,345 113,838 303,263 330,350 Acquisition/divestiture-related expenses and non-recurring expenses included in cost of goods sold (1) 130 297 2,321 1,353 Adjusted gross profit 102,475 114,135 305,584 331,703 Gross profit percentage 22.2 22.6 22.0 22.3 Acquisition/divestiture-related expenses and non-recurring expenses included in cost of goods sold as a percentage of net sales 0.0 0.1 0.2 0.1 Adjusted gross profit percentage 22.2 22.7 22.1 22.3 

(1) Acquisition/divestiture-related expenses and non-recurring expenses included in cost of goods sold for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024 of 0.1 million and 2.3 million, respectively, primarily includes non-recurring expenses related to Crisco , divestiture-related expenses for the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable and Back to Nature divestitures, and other non-recurring expenses. Acquisition/divestiture-related expenses and non-recurring expenses included in cost of goods sold for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2023 of 0.3 million and 1.4 million, respectively, primarily includes acquisition and integration expenses for the Crisco acquisition and divestiture-related expenses for the Back to Nature divestiture. 
 Third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 Net Sales. Net sales for the third quarter of 2024 decreased 41.6 million, or 8.3 , to 461.1 million from 502.7 million for the third quarter of 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable divestiture, a decrease in unit volume, and the negative impact of foreign currency, partially offset by an increase in net pricing and the impact of product mix. Net sales of the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable product line, which we divested on November 8, 2023, were 20.3 million in the third quarter of 2023. Base business net sales for the third quarter of 2024 decreased 21.3 million, or 4.4 , to 461.1 million from 482.4 million for the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in base business net sales was driven by a decrease in unit volume of 22.6 million, or 4.7 of base business net sales, and the negative impact of foreign currency of 0.4 million, partially offset by an increase in net pricing and the impact of product mix of 1.7 million, or 0.4 . 

 - 35 - 

Table of Contents 
 Gross Profit. Gross profit was 102.3 million for the third quarter of 2024, or 22.2 of net sales. Adjusted gross profit, which excludes the negative impact of 0.1 million of acquisition/divestiture-related expenses and non-recurring expenses included in cost of goods sold during the third quarter of 2024, was 102.4 million, or 22.2 of net sales. Gross profit was 113.8 million for the third quarter of 2023, or 22.6 of net sales. Adjusted gross profit, which excludes the negative impact of 0.3 million of acquisition/divestiture-related expenses and non-recurring expenses included in cost of goods sold during the third quarter of 2023, was 114.1 million, or 22.7 of net sales. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 2.2 million, or 4.6 , to 46.0 million for the third quarter of 2024 from 48.2 million for the third quarter of 2023. The decrease was composed of decreases in consumer marketing expenses of 1.2 million, warehousing expenses of 0.9 million, selling expenses of 0.8 million, and acquisition/divestiture-related and non-recurring expenses of 0.6 million, partially offset by an increase in general and administrative expenses of 1.3 million. Expressed as a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 0.4 percentage points to 10.0 for the third quarter of 2024, as compared to 9.6 for the third quarter of 2023. Amortization Expense. Amortization expense decreased 0.1 million, or 1.7 , to 5.1 million for the third quarter of 2024 from 5.2 million for the third quarter of 2023. Impairment of Assets Held for Sale. In connection with the divestiture of assets relating to the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable product line during the fourth quarter of 2023, we reclassified 115.3 million of indefinite-lived trademark intangible assets, 82.3 million of inventories and 4.1 million of finite-lived customer relationship intangible assets to assets held for sale as of the end of the third quarter of 2023. We then measured the assets held for sale at the lower of their carrying value or fair value less the estimated costs to sell, and recorded pre-tax, non-cash impairment charges of 132.9 million during the third quarter of 2023. See Note 3, Acquisitions and Divestitures, to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this report. Operating Income (Loss). As a result of the foregoing, operating income increased 123.7 million, or 170.7 , to an operating income of 51.2 million for the third quarter of 2024 from an operating loss of 72.5 million for the third quarter of 2023. Operating income (loss) expressed as a percentage of net sales decreased to 11.1 in the third quarter of 2024 from 14.4 in the third quarter of 2023. Net Interest Expense. Net interest expense increased 6.3 million, or 17.6 , to 42.2 million for the third quarter of 2024 from 35.9 million for the third quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to higher interest rates on our variable rate borrowings during the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, partially offset by a reduction in average long-term debt outstanding during the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the third quarter of 2023. Net interest expense during the third quarter of 2024 was also negatively impacted by a non-cash loss on extinguishment of debt of 1.9 million and debt refinancing costs of 1.1 million related to the refinancing of our senior secured credit facility. In addition, net interest expense for the third quarter of 2023 was reduced by 0.6 million as a result of a non-cash gain on extinguishment of debt, net of the accelerated amortization of deferred debt financing costs, related to the repurchase of a portion of our 5.25 senior notes due 2025. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Debt below. Other Income. Other income for the third quarter of 2024 and 2023 includes the non-service portion of net periodic pension cost and net periodic post-retirement benefit costs of 1.0 million and 1.0 million, respectively. Income Tax Expense (Benefit). Income tax expense increased 27.4 million to an income tax expense of 2.7 million for the third quarter of 2024 from an income tax benefit of 24.7 million for the third quarter of 2023. Our effective tax rate was 26.3 for the third quarter of 2024 and 23.0 for the third quarter of 2023. See U.S. Tax Act above for a discussion of the impact of the tax legislation on income tax expense. First three quarters of 2024 compared to the first three quarters of 2023 Net Sales. Net sales for the first three quarters of 2024 decreased 103.3 million, or 7.0 , to 1,380.9 million from 1,484.2 million for the first three quarters of 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable divestiture, a decrease in unit volume, a decrease in net pricing and the impact of product mix, and the negative impact of foreign currency. Net sales of the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable product line, which we divested on November 8, 2023, were 48.6 million in the first three quarters of 2023. 

 - 36 - 

Table of Contents 
 Base business net sales for the first three quarters of 2024 decreased 54.7 million, or 3.8 , to 1,381.0 million from 1,435.7 million for the first three quarters of 2023. The decrease in base business net sales was driven by a decrease in unit volume of 38.7 million, or 2.7 , a decrease in net pricing and the impact of product mix of 15.5 million, or 1.1 of base business net sales, and the negative impact of foreign currency of 0.5 million. Gross Profit. Gross profit was 303.3 million for the first three quarters of 2024, or 22.0 of net sales. Adjusted gross profit, which excludes the negative impact of 2.3 million of acquisition/divestiture-related expenses and non-recurring expenses included in cost of goods sold during the first three quarters of 2024, was 305.6 million, or 22.1 of net sales. Gross profit was 330.4 million for the first three quarters of 2023, or 22.3 of net sales. Adjusted gross profit, which excludes the negative impact of 1.4 million of acquisition/divestiture-related expenses and non-recurring expenses included in cost of goods sold during the first three quarters of 2023, was 331.8 million, or 22.3 of net sales. Selling, General and Administrative Expenses. Selling, general and administrative expenses decreased 5.1 million, or 3.6 , to 137.7 million for the first three quarters of 2024 from 142.8 million for the first three quarters of 2023. The decrease was composed of decreases in selling expenses of 3.8 million, consumer marketing expenses of 3.0 million, warehousing expenses of 1.6 million, and acquisition/divestiture-related and non-recurring expenses of 0.6 million, partially offset by an increase in general and administrative expenses of 3.9 million. Expressed as a percentage of net sales, selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 0.4 percentage points to 10.0 for the first three quarters of 2024, as compared to 9.6 for the first three quarters of 2023. Amortization Expense. Amortization expense decreased 0.3 million, or 2.0 , to 15.3 million for the first three quarters of 2024 from 15.6 million for the first three quarters of 2023. Impairment of Goodwill . In connection with our transition from one reporting segment to four reporting segments during the first quarter of 2024, we reassigned assets and liabilities, including goodwill, between the reporting segments and completed a goodwill impairment test both prior to and subsequent to the change. The goodwill impairment test resulted in us recognizing pre-tax, non-cash goodwill impairment charges of 70.6 million within our Frozen Vegetables reporting segment during the first quarter of 2024. See Note 5, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, and Note 16, Business Segment Information, to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item I of this report. Loss on Sales of Assets . During the first quarter of 2024, we recorded a post-closing inventory adjustment related to the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable divestiture and recorded an additional loss on sale of assets of 0.1 million. During the first quarter of 2023, we completed the Back to Nature divestiture and we recorded an additional loss on sale of assets of 0.1 million. Impairment of Assets Held for Sale. In connection with the divestiture of assets relating to the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable product line during the fourth quarter of 2023, we reclassified 115.3 million of indefinite-lived trademark intangible assets, 82.3 million of inventories and 4.1 million of finite-lived customer relationship intangible assets to assets held for sale as of the end of the third quarter of 2023. We then measured the assets held for sale at the lower of their carrying value or fair value less the estimated costs to sell, and recorded pre-tax, non-cash impairment charges of 132.9 million during the third quarter of 2023. See Note 3, Acquisitions and Divestitures, to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this report. Operating Income. As a result of the foregoing, operating income increased 40.6 million, or 104.5 , to 79.5 million for the first three quarters of 2024 from 38.9 million for the first three quarters of 2023. Operating income expressed as a percentage of net sales increased to 5.8 in the first three quarters of 2024 from 2.6 in the first three quarters of 2023. 

 - 37 - 

Table of Contents 
 Net Interest Expense. Net interest expense increased 6.7 million, or 6.0 , to 117.8 million for the first three quarters of 2024 from 111.1 million for the first three quarters of 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to higher interest rates on our variable rate borrowings during the first three quarters of 2024 compared to the first three quarters of 2023, partially offset by a reduction in average long-term debt outstanding during the first three quarters of 2024 compared to the first three quarters of 2023. Net interest expense during the first three quarters of 2024 was also negatively impacted by a non-cash loss on extinguishment of debt of 1.9 million and debt refinancing costs of 1.1 million related to the refinancing of our senior secured credit facility, and the accelerated amortization of deferred debt financing costs of 0.5 million resulting from the retirement of long-term debt during the first three quarters of 2024. In addition, net interest expense for the first three quarters of 2023 was reduced by 1.4 million as a result of non-cash gains on extinguishment of debt, net of the accelerated amortization of deferred debt financing costs, related to the repurchase of a portion of our 5.25 senior notes due 2025. See Liquidity and Capital Resources Debt below. Other Income. Other income for the first three quarters of 2024 and 2023 includes the non-service portion of net periodic pension cost and net periodic post-retirement benefit costs of 3.1 million and 2.8 million, respectively. Income Tax Benefit. Income tax benefit increased 5.7 million to 6.3 million for the first three quarters of 2024 from 0.6 million for the first three quarters of 2023. In connection with our transition from one reporting segment to four reporting segments during the first quarter of 2024, we reassigned assets and liabilities, including goodwill, between the reporting segments and completed a goodwill impairment test both prior to and subsequent to the change. The goodwill impairment test resulted in us recognizing pre-tax, non-cash goodwill impairment charges of 70.6 million (or 53.4 million, net of tax) within our Frozen Vegetables reporting segment during the first quarter of 2024. As a result of these goodwill impairment charges, we recorded a deferred tax benefit of 17.2 million during the first quarter of 2024. See Note 5, Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets, and Note 16, Business Segment Information, to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item I of this report. As a result of the Back to Nature divestiture, we incurred a capital loss for tax purposes, for which we recorded a deferred tax asset during the first quarter of 2023. A valuation allowance has been recorded against this deferred tax asset, which negatively impacted our first quarter of 2023 income taxes by 14.7 million, or 0.21 per share. Our effective tax rate was 18.0 for the first three quarters of 2024 and 0.9 for the first three quarters of 2023. See U.S. Tax Act above for a discussion of the impact of the tax legislation on income tax expense (benefit). Business Segment Operating Results. Effective in the first quarter of 2024, we operate in four reportable business segments: Specialty; Meals; Frozen Vegetables; and Spices Flavor Solutions. See Note 16, Business Segment Information, to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this report for a description of our business segments and for a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure segment adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss). Specialty Segment Results. Specialty segment results were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Thirteen Weeks Thirty-nine Weeks Ended Ended September 28, September 30, September 28, September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Specialty segment net sales 160,991 178,706 (17,715) (9.9) 462,344 495,166 (32,822) (6.6) Specialty segment adjusted EBITDA 41,311 44,019 (2,708) (6.2) 110,191 113,209 (3,018) (2.7) For the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024, the decrease in Specialty segment net sales was primarily due to lower Crisco pricing, driven by decreased commodity costs, coupled with modest declines in volumes across the business unit in the aggregate. The decrease in Specialty segment adjusted EBITDA for the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024 was primarily due to lower volumes, partially offset by decreased costs in certain raw materials and improvements in freight costs. Meals Segment Results . Meals segment results were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Thirteen Weeks Thirty-nine Weeks Ended Ended September 28, September 30, September 28, September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Meals segment net sales 111,582 116,148 (4,566) (3.9) 339,502 352,240 (12,738) (3.6) Meals segment adjusted EBITDA 23,253 25,696 (2,443) (9.5) 72,793 74,958 (2,165) (2.9) For the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024, the decrease in Meals segment net sales was primarily due to a decrease in volumes across the Meals portfolio in the aggregate, partially offset by an increase in net pricing and 

 - 38 - 

Table of Contents 
 product mix. The decrease in Meals segment adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to a decrease in net sales and increased costs for certain raw materials, partially offset by improvements in freight costs. Frozen Vegetables Segment Results. Frozen Vegetables segment results were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Thirteen Weeks Thirty-nine Weeks Ended Ended September 28, September 30, September 28, September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Frozen Vegetables segment net sales 89,181 111,056 (21,875) (19.7) 285,648 345,024 (59,376) (17.2) Frozen Vegetables segment adjusted EBITDA 1,159 4,430 (3,271) (73.8) 12,797 25,659 (12,862) (50.1) For the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024, the decrease in Frozen Vegetables segment net sales was primarily due to the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable divestiture (which negatively impacted net sales versus the prior year period by 20.3 million and 48.7 million, respectively) and a decrease in volumes. The decrease in Frozen Vegetables segment adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to the negative impact of foreign currency on Green Giant raw material and manufacturing costs, the Green Giant U.S. shelf-stable divestiture, and a decrease in net sales, partially offset by improvements in freight costs. Spices Flavor Solutions Segment Results . Spices Flavor Solutions segment results were as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Thirteen Weeks Thirty-nine Weeks Ended Ended September 28, September 30, September 28, September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change Spices Flavor Solutions segment net sales 99,319 96,824 2,495 2.6 293,392 291,755 1,637 0.6 Spices Flavor Solutions segment adjusted EBITDA 28,509 30,072 (1,563) (5.2) 84,825 86,865 (2,040) (2.3) For the third quarter and first three quarters of 2024, the increase in Spices Flavor Solutions segment net sales was primarily due to increased volumes across the Spices Flavor Solutions portfolio in the aggregate. The decrease in Spices Flavor Solutions segment adjusted EBITDA was primarily due to increases in trade spending and raw material costs, and product mix, partially offset by an increase in net sales and improvements in freight costs. Unallocated Corporate Items. Unallocated corporate expenses increased 0.1 million, or 0.2 in the third quarter of 2024 to 23.9 million from 23.8 million for the third quarter of 2023. Unallocated corporate expenses increased 1.8 million, or 2.6 in the first three quarters of 2024 to 71.3 million from 69.5 million for the first three quarters of 2023. Liquidity and Capital Resources Our primary liquidity requirements include debt service, capital expenditures and working capital needs. See also, Dividend Policy below. We fund our liquidity requirements, as well as our dividend payments and financing for acquisitions, primarily through cash generated from operations and external sources of financing, including our revolving credit facility. We do not have any off-balance sheet financing arrangements. Cash Flows Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities. Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 105.1 million to 50.6 million for the first three quarters of 2024, as compared to 155.7 million for the first three quarters of 2023. The decrease was due to a reduction in net sales and unfavorable working capital comparisons in the first three quarters of 2024 compared to the first three quarters of 2023, primarily comprised of inventories, accrued expenses and trade accounts receivable; partially offset by favorable working capital comparisons for prepaid expenses and other current assets, and trade accounts payable. Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Investing Activities. Net cash provided by investing activities decreased 53.7 million to 19.0 million of net cash used in investing activities for the first three quarters of 2024, as compared to 34.7 million of net cash provided by investing activities for the first three quarters of 2023. The change from net cash provided by investing activities to net cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable to the Back to Nature sale, which produced gross proceeds from the sale of assets of 51.4 million in the first three quarters of 2023. We also had higher capital expenditures in the first three quarters of 2024 compared to the first three quarters of 2023. 

 - 39 - 

Table of Contents 
 Net Cash (Used in) Provided by Financing Activities . Net cash provided by financing activities decreased 141.8 million to 17.5 million of net cash used in financing activities for the first three quarters of 2024, as compared to 124.3 million of net cash provided by financing activities for the first three quarters of 2023. The change from net cash provided by financing activities to net cash used in financing activities was primarily driven by the sale of 73.8 million of common stock under our ATM equity offering program during the first three quarters of 2023 as compared to no sale of common stock under our ATM equity offering program during the first three quarters of 2024, a decrease of 62.9 million in proceeds from the incurrence of long-term debt, net of cash used to prepay or retire long-term debt, and an increase of 3.9 million in dividends paid during the first three quarters of 2024 as compared to the first three quarters of 2023. Cash Income Tax Payments. We believe that we will realize a benefit to our cash taxes payable from amortization of our trademarks, goodwill and other intangible assets for the taxable years 2024 through 2038. See U.S. Tax Act above for a discussion of the impact and expected impact of the U.S. Tax Act on our cash income tax payments, including the impact the U.S. Tax Act had in fiscal 2023 and is expected to have in fiscal 2024 and beyond on our interest expense deductions and our cash taxes. If there is a change in U.S. federal tax policy or, in the case of the interest deduction, a change in our net interest expense relative to our adjusted taxable income that eliminates, limits or reduces our ability to amortize and deduct goodwill and certain intangible assets or the interest deduction we receive on our substantial indebtedness, or otherwise that reduces any of these available deductions or results in an increase in our corporate tax rate, our cash taxes payable may increase further, which could significantly reduce our future liquidity and impact our ability to make interest and dividend payments and have a material adverse effect on our business, consolidated financial condition, results of operations and liquidity. Dividend Policy Our dividend policy reflects a basic judgment that our stockholders are better served when we distribute a substantial portion of our cash available to pay dividends to them instead of retaining it in our business. Under this policy, a substantial portion of the cash generated by our company in excess of operating needs, interest and principal payments on indebtedness, capital expenditures sufficient to maintain our properties and other assets is distributed as regular quarterly cash dividends to the holders of our common stock and not retained by us. We have paid dividends every quarter since our initial public offering in October 2004. For the first three quarters of 2024 and 2023, we had net cash provided by operating activities of 50.6 million and 155.7 million, respectively, and distributed as dividends 45.0 million and 41.1 million, respectively. Including the dividend payment that we made in the fourth quarter on October 30, 2024, we paid quarterly dividends of 60.0 million in fiscal 2024. Based upon our current intended dividend rate of 0.76 per share per annum and our current number of outstanding shares, we expect our aggregate dividend payments in fiscal 2025 to be approximately 60.2 million. Our dividend policy is based upon our current assessment of our business and the environment in which we operate, and that assessment could change based on competitive or other developments (which could, for example, increase our need for capital expenditures or working capital), new acquisition opportunities or other factors. Our board of directors is free to depart from or change our dividend policy at any time and could do so, for example, if it was to determine that we have insufficient cash to fund capital expenditure or working capital needs, reduce leverage or ensure compliance with our maximum consolidated leverage ratio under our credit agreement, or take advantage of growth opportunities. Acquisitions Our liquidity and capital resources have been significantly impacted by acquisitions and may be impacted in the foreseeable future by additional acquisitions. As discussed elsewhere in this report, as part of our growth strategy we plan to expand our brand portfolio with disciplined acquisitions of complementary brands. We have historically financed acquisitions by incurring additional indebtedness, issuing equity and/or using cash flows from operating activities. Our interest expense has over time increased as a result of additional indebtedness we have incurred in connection with acquisitions and will increase with any additional indebtedness we may incur to finance future acquisitions. Although we may subsequently issue equity and use the proceeds to repay all or a portion of the additional indebtedness incurred to finance an acquisition and reduce our interest expense, the additional shares of common stock would increase the amount of cash flows from operating activities necessary to fund dividend payments. 

 - 40 - 

Table of Contents 
 The impact of future acquisitions, whether financed with additional indebtedness or otherwise, may have a material impact on our liquidity and capital resources. Debt See Note 6, Long-Term Debt, to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this report for a description of our senior secured credit agreement, including our revolving credit facility and tranche B term loans; our 5.25 senior notes due 2025; our 5.25 senior notes due 2027; and our 8.00 senior secured notes due 2028. Equity See Note 9, Stockholder s Equity, to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item I of this report for information about our at-the-market (ATM) equity offering program. Future Capital Needs We are highly leveraged. On September 28, 2024, our total long-term debt of 2,104.7 million, net of our cash and cash equivalents of 54.7 million, was 2,050.0 million. Stockholders equity as of that date was 755.3 million. Our ability to generate sufficient cash to fund our operations depends generally on our results of operations and the availability of financing. Our management believes that our cash and cash equivalents on hand, cash flow from operating activities and available borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility will be sufficient for the foreseeable future to fund operations, meet debt service requirements, fund capital expenditures, make future acquisitions, if any, and pay our anticipated quarterly dividends on our common stock. We expect to make capital expenditures of approximately 30.0 million to 35.0 million in the aggregate during fiscal 2024. During the first three quarters of 2024, we made capital expenditures of 20.1 million, of which 18.6 million were paid in cash. Our projected capital expenditures for fiscal 2024 primarily relate to asset sustainability projects, cost saving initiatives, environmental compliance, and information technology (hardware and software), including cybersecurity. Seasonality Sales of a number of our products tend to be seasonal and may be influenced by holidays, changes in seasons or certain other annual events. In general, our sales are higher during the first and fourth quarters. We purchase most of the produce used to make our frozen and shelf-stable vegetables, shelf-stable pickles, relishes, peppers, tomatoes and other related specialty items during the months of June through October, and we generally purchase the majority of our maple syrup requirements during the months of April through August. Consequently, our liquidity needs are greatest during these periods. Inflation See General Fluctuations in Commodity Prices and Production and Distribution Costs above. Contingencies See Note 12, Commitments and Contingencies, to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this report. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Recently Issued Accounting Standards Pending Adoption , to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this report. Supplemental Financial Information about B G Foods and Guarantor Subsidiaries As further discussed in Note 6, Long-Term Debt, to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this report, our obligations under the 5.25 senior notes due 2025, the 5.25 senior notes due 2027, and the 8.00 senior secured notes due 2028 are jointly and severally and fully and unconditionally guaranteed on a senior basis by all of our existing and certain future domestic subsidiaries, which we refer to in this section as the 

 - 41 - 

Table of Contents 
 guarantor subsidiaries. Our foreign subsidiaries are not guarantors, and any future foreign or partially owned domestic subsidiaries will not be guarantors, of the 5.25 senior notes due 2025, the 5.25 senior notes due 2027, or the 8.00 senior secured notes due 2028. In this section, we refer to these foreign subsidiaries and future foreign or partially owned domestic subsidiaries as the non-guarantor subsidiaries. See Note 6, Long-Term Debt to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this report. The 5.25 senior notes due 2025 and 5.25 senior notes due 2027 and the related subsidiary guarantees are our and the guarantor subsidiaries general unsecured obligations and are effectively junior in right of payment to all of our and the guarantor subsidiaries secured indebtedness and to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of our non-guarantor subsidiaries; are pari passu in right of payment to all of our and the guarantor subsidiaries existing and future unsecured senior debt; and are senior in right of payment to all of our and the guarantor subsidiaries future subordinated debt. The 8.00 senior secured notes due 2028 are our senior secured obligations. The 8.00 senior secured notes due 2028 have the same guarantors as our credit agreement. The 8.00 senior secured notes due 2028 and the related guarantees are secured by, subject to permitted liens, first-priority security interests in certain collateral (which generally includes most of our and our guarantors right or interest in or to property of any kind, except for our and our guarantors real property and certain intangible assets), which assets also secure (and will continue to secure) our credit agreement on a pari passu basis. Pursuant to the terms of the applicable indenture, the related collateral agreement and an intercreditor agreement, the 8.00 senior secured notes due 2028 and the guarantees rank (1) pari passu (equally and ratably) in right of payment to all of our and the guarantors existing and future senior debt, including existing and future senior debt under our existing or any future senior secured credit agreement (including the term loan borrowings under our existing senior secured credit facility, any obligations under our existing revolving credit facility and all other borrowings and obligations under our credit agreement), (2) effectively senior in right of payment to our and such guarantors existing and future senior unsecured debt, including our 5.25 senior notes due 2025 and 5.25 senior notes due 2027 to the extent of the value of the collateral, (3) effectively junior to our and the guarantors future secured debt, secured by assets that do not constitute collateral, to the extent of the value of the collateral securing such debt, (4) senior in right of payment to our and such guarantors other existing and future subordinated debt and (5) structurally subordinated to all existing and future indebtedness and other liabilities of our subsidiaries that do not guarantee the 8.00 senior secured notes due 2028. Each guarantee contains a provision intended to limit the guarantor subsidiary s liability to the maximum amount that it could incur without causing the incurrence of obligations under its guarantee to be a fraudulent transfer. However, we cannot assure you that this provision will be effective to protect the subsidiary guarantees from being voided under fraudulent transfer laws. A guarantor subsidiary s guarantee will be automatically released: (1) in connection with any sale or other disposition of all or substantially all of the assets of that guarantor subsidiary (including by way of merger or consolidation) to a person or entity that is not (either before or after giving effect to such transaction) B G Foods or a restricted subsidiary of B G Foods under the applicable indenture, if the sale or other disposition complies with the asset sale provisions of the applicable indenture; (2) in connection with any sale or other disposition of all of the capital stock of that guarantor subsidiary to a person or entity that is not (either before or after giving effect to such transaction) B G Foods or a restricted subsidiary of B G Foods, if the sale or other disposition complies with the asset sale provisions of the applicable indenture; (3) if B G Foods designates any restricted subsidiary that is a guarantor subsidiary to be an unrestricted subsidiary in accordance with the applicable provisions of the indenture; (4) upon legal defeasance, covenant defeasance or satisfaction and discharge of the applicable indenture; (5) if such guarantor subsidiary no longer constitutes a domestic subsidiary; or (6) if it is determined in good faith by B G Foods that a liquidation, dissolution or merger out of existence of such guarantor subsidiary is in the best interests of B G Foods and is not materially disadvantageous to the holders of the senior notes or the senior secured notes, as applicable. The following tables present summarized unaudited financial information on a combined basis for B G Foods and each of the guarantor subsidiaries described above after elimination of (1) intercompany transactions and balances among B G Foods and the guarantor subsidiaries and (2) investments in any subsidiary that is a non-guarantor (in thousands): 

 - 42 - 

Table of Contents 

September 28, December 30, 2024 2023 Current assets (1) 780,029 711,926 Non-current assets 2,465,341 2,577,910 Current liabilities (2) 517,573 239,904 Non-current liabilities 2,125,370 2,365,338 

 (1) Current assets includes amounts due from non-guarantor subsidiaries of 46.5 million and 53.6 million as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. (2) Current liabilities includes amounts due to non-guarantor subsidiaries of 25.1 million and 6.6 million as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, respectively. 

Thirty-nine Weeks Ended September 28, September 30, 2024 2023 Net sales 1,287,001 1,392,881 Gross profit 282,226 333,064 Operating income 61,458 38,716 Loss before income taxes (53,256) (69,573) Net loss (43,521) (70,611) Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Ris k Our principal market risks are exposure to changes in commodity prices, interest rates on borrowings and foreign currency exchange rates and market fluctuation risks related to our defined benefit pension plans. Commodity Prices and Inflation. The information under the heading General Fluctuations in Commodity Prices and Production and Distribution Costs in Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is incorporated herein by reference. Interest Rate Risk. In the normal course of operations, we are exposed to market risks relating to our long-term debt arising from adverse changes in interest rates. Market risk is defined for these purposes as the potential change in the fair value of a financial asset or liability resulting from an adverse movement in interest rates. Changes in interest rates impact our fixed and variable rate debt differently. For fixed rate debt, a change in interest rates will only impact the fair value of the debt, whereas for variable rate debt, a change in the interest rates will impact interest expense and cash flows. At September 28, 2024, we had 1,614.7 million of fixed rate debt and 490.0 million of variable rate debt. Based upon our principal amount of long-term debt outstanding at September 28, 2024, a hypothetical 1.0 increase or decrease in interest rates would have affected our annual interest expense by approximately 4.9 million. The carrying values and fair values of our revolving credit loans, term loans and senior notes as of September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 

September 28, 2024 December 30, 2023 Carrying Value Fair Value Carrying Value Fair Value Revolving credit loans 40,000 40,000 (1) 170,000 170,000 (1) Tranche B term loans due 2029 445,382 (2) 441,485 (3) 527,443 (2) 522,169 (3) 5.25 senior notes due 2025 265,478 (4) 265,478 (3) 265,592 (4) 261,608 (3) 5.25 senior notes due 2027 550,000 525,250 (3) 550,000 497,750 (3) 8.00 senior secured notes due 2028 798,226 (5) 832,151 (3) 547,372 572,688 (3) 

 (1) Fair values are estimated based on Level 2 inputs, which were quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active. (2) The carrying value of the tranche B term loans includes a discount. At September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the face amount of the tranche B term loans was 450.0 million and 528.6 million, respectively. 

 - 43 - 

Table of Contents 
 (3) Fair values are estimated based on quoted market prices. (4) The carrying value of the 5.25 senior notes due 2025 includes a premium. At September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the face amount of the 5.25 senior notes due 2025 was 265.4 million. During the fourth quarter of 2024, we redeemed all 265.4 million of the 5.25 senior notes due 2025. See Note 6, Long-Term Debt and Note 17, Subsequent Event. (5) The carrying value of the 8.00 senior secured notes due 2028 includes a discount. At September 28, 2024 and December 30, 2023, the face amount of the 8.00 senior secured notes due 2028 was 799.3 million and 550.0 million, respectively. 
 Cash and cash equivalents, trade accounts receivable, income tax receivable/payable, trade accounts payable, accrued expenses and dividends payable are reflected on our consolidated balance sheets at carrying value, which approximates fair value due to the short-term nature of these instruments. For more information, see Note 6, Long-Term Debt, to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this report. Foreign Currency Risk . Our foreign sales are primarily to customers in Canada. Our sales to Canada are generally denominated in Canadian dollars and our sales for export to other countries are generally denominated in U.S. dollars. Our net sales to customers in foreign countries represented approximately 9.1 and 8.7 of our total net sales during the first three quarters of 2024 and 2023, respectively. We also purchase certain raw materials from foreign suppliers. For example, we purchase a significant majority of our maple syrup requirements from suppliers in Qu bec, Canada. These purchases are made in Canadian dollars. A weakening of the U.S. dollar in relation to the Canadian dollar would significantly increase our future costs relating to the production of our maple syrup products to the extent we have not purchased Canadian dollars or otherwise entered into a currency hedging arrangement in advance of any such weakening of the U.S. dollar. Our purchases of raw materials from other foreign suppliers are generally denominated in U.S. dollars, but certain purchases of raw materials in Mexico are denominated in Mexican pesos. In addition, we operate a frozen vegetable manufacturing facility in Irapuato, Mexico. A weakening of the U.S. dollar in relation to the Mexican peso would significantly increase our costs relating to the production of frozen vegetable products to the extent we have not purchased Mexican pesos or otherwise entered into hedging arrangements in advance of the weakening of the U.S. dollar. As a result, certain revenues and expenses have been, and are expected to be, subject to the effect of foreign currency fluctuations, and these fluctuations may have an adverse impact on operating results. For example, our results of operations from our Green Giant frozen operations in Mexico were negatively impacted during fiscal 2023 as a result of the Mexican peso appreciating by approximately 15 against the U.S. dollar during that period, and have continued to be negatively impacted during fiscal 2024. Market Fluctuation Risks Relating to our Defined Benefit Pension Plans . See Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Critical Accounting Policies; Use of Estimates and Note 12, Pension Benefits, to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of the exposure of our defined benefit pension plan assets to risks related to market fluctuations. Item 4. Controls and Procedure s Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. As required by Rule 13a-15(b) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, our management, including our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. As defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that we use that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end of the period covered by this report. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting . As required by Rule 13a-15(d) under the Exchange Act, our management, including our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer, also conducted an evaluation of our internal control over financial reporting to determine whether any change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to 

 - 44 - 

Table of Contents 
 materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Based on that evaluation, our chief executive officer and our chief financial officer concluded that there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the period covered by this report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. We continue to implement additional modules and, from time to time, transition recently acquired businesses into the enterprise resource planning (ERP) system that we use for substantially all of our operations other than our operations in Mexico. In connection with each implementation, integration and transition, and resulting business process changes, we continue to review and enhance the design and documentation of our internal control over financial reporting processes to maintain effective controls over our financial reporting following the completion of each such implementation, integration and transition. To date, the implementations, integrations and transitions have not materially affected our internal control over financial reporting. Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls. Our company s management, including the chief executive officer and chief financial officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. PART II OTHER INFORMATIO N Item 1. Legal Proceeding s The information set forth under the heading Legal Proceedings in Note 12 to our unaudited consolidated interim financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this quarterly report on Form 10-Q is incorporated herein by reference. Item 1A. Risk Factor s We do not believe there have been any material changes in our risk factors as previously disclosed in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceed s Not applicable. Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securitie s Not applicable. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosure s Not applicable. Item 5. Other Informatio n Rule 10b5-1 Trading Arrangements. During the period covered by this report, none of our directors or officers or a trading arrangement or a trading arrangement, as such terms are defined under Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 

 - 45 - 

Table of Contents 
 Item 6. Exhibit s 

EXHIBIT NO. DESCRIPTION 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of B G Foods, Inc. (Filed as Exhibit 3.1 to B G Foods Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 13, 2010, and incorporated by reference herein) 3.2 Bylaws of B G Foods, Inc., as amended and restated through November 8, 2022 (Filed as Exhibit 3.2 to B G Foods Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 9, 2022, and incorporated by reference herein) 10.1 Eighth Amendment to Credit Agreement dated as of July 12, 2024, to the Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of October 2, 2015, as amended, among B G Foods, Inc., as borrower, the subsidiaries of B G Foods, Inc. from time to time party thereto as guarantors, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities from time to time party thereto as lenders and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent for the lenders and as collateral agent for the secured parties (Filed as Exhibit 10.1 to B G Foods Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 15, 2024, and incorporated by reference herein) 22.1 Guarantor Subsidiaries 31.1 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of the Chief Executive Officer 31.2 Certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of the Chief Financial Officer 32.1 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 101 The following unaudited financial information from B G Foods Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024, formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity, (v) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and (vii) document and entity information 104 The cover page from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 28, 2024, formatted in iXBRL and contained in Exhibit 101 

 - 46 - 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATUR E Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: November 5, 2024 B G FOODS, INC. By: /s/ Bruce C. Wacha Bruce C. Wacha Executive Vice President of Finance and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Authorized Officer) 

 - 47 - 

<EX-22.1>
 2
 bgs-20240928xex22d1.htm
 GUARANTOR SUBSIDIARIES

Exhibit 22.1 Guarantor Subsidiaries The following subsidiaries of B G Foods, Inc are guarantors of B G Foods 5.25 senior notes due 2027 and 8.00 senior secured notes due 2028: B G Foods North America, Inc., a Delaware corporation B G Foods Snacks, Inc., a Delaware corporation Bear Creek Country Kitchens, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Clabber Girl Corporation, an Indiana corporation Spartan Foods of America, Inc., a Delaware corporation Victoria Fine Foods, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company William Underwood Company, a Massachusetts business trust 

</EX-22.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 bgs-20240928xex31d1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER I, Kenneth C. Keller, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of B G Foods, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 5, 2024 /s/ Kenneth C. Keller Kenneth C. Keller Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 bgs-20240928xex31d2.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 302

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION BY CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER I, Bruce C. Wacha, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of B G Foods, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 5, 2024 /s/ Bruce C. Wacha Bruce C. Wacha Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 bgs-20240928xex32d1.htm
 CERTIFICATION OF CEO AND CFO PURSUANT TO SECTION 906

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of B G Foods, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 28, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Kenneth C. Keller, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and I, Bruce C. Wacha, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Kenneth C. Keller Kenneth C. Keller Chief Executive Officer November 5, 2024 /s/ Bruce C. Wacha Bruce C. Wacha Chief Financial Officer November 5, 2024 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 bgs-20240928.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 bgs-20240928_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 bgs-20240928_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 bgs-20240928_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

