<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1853047_0001213900-24-097933.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3863599</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>97927</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>899651</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>725208</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>944958</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1134588</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-097933.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114101521
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-097933
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Hudson Acquisition I Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001853047
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				862712843
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41532
		FILM NUMBER:		241458160

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19 WEST 44TH STREET, SUITE 1001
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(347) 410-4710

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		19 WEST 44TH STREET, SUITE 1001
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10036

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-097933.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0221140-10q_hudsonacq1.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period
ended 

TRANSITION
REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from ___________ to _____________ 

Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant
as Specified in Its Charter) 

86- 2712843 (State of Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (ZIP Code) 

(Registrant s Telephone
Number, Including Area Code) 

Indicate
by check whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has
been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Securities registered
pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

As
of November 12, 2024, there were shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share of the registrant issued and outstanding. 

HUDSON ACQUISITION I CORP. 

FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED MARCH 31, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 

ITEM 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 1 

Condensed Statements of Operations (Unaudited) 
 2 

Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholder s Deficit (Unaudited) 
 3 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 5 

ITEM 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 19 

ITEM 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 24 

ITEM 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 24 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 25 

ITEM 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 25 

ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 25 

ITEM 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 25 

ITEM 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 25 

ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 25 

ITEM 5. 
 Other Information 
 25 

ITEM 6. 
 Exhibits 
 26 

SIGNATURES 
 27 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. Financial Statements 

HUDSON ACQUISITION I CORP. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

(UNAUDITED) 

September 30, 
2024 
 December 31, 
2023 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Interest receivable on cash and marketable securities held in the Trust Account 
 
 - 
 
 Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued liabilities 

Advance from target company for de-SPAC transaction 
 
 -

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Excise tax payable 

Notes payable - related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 5) 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, and shares at redemption value of and per share as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Stockholders deficit: 

Common stock, par value , shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 
 -
 
 -

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders deficit 

Total liabilities, redeemable common stock and stockholders deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

1 

HUDSON ACQUISITION I CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended 
September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended 
September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating expenses: 

General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expense 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Interest earned on cash account 
 
 -

-

Loss on overpayment of franchise tax 
 
 -

-

Other income (expense), net 

Income (loss) before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net loss 

Net income attributable to common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted-average shares outstanding, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Net loss attributable to common stockholders 

Weighted-average common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Net loss per share common share, basic and diluted 

(1) The
non-redeemable weighted average common shares outstanding were retroactively adjusted to account for 13,675 founder shares forfeited
in connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

2 

HUDSON ACQUISITION I CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of June 30, 2024 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Net loss 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of June 30, 2023 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Net loss 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2023 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Net loss 

Balance as of September 30, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Net loss 

Balance as of September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

3 

HUDSON ACQUISITION I CORP. 

STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

Nine Months Ended 
September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Amortization on debt discount on note payable to target company 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Excise tax payable 

Related party payables 

Net cash used in operating activities 

INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Redemption of common stock 

Proceeds from advances from target company 

Proceeds of notes payable - related party 

Repayment of borrowing from related parties 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net increase in cash during period 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NON-CASH FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Change in value of common stock subject to possible redemption 

Debt discount on note payable to related party 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these unaudited financial statements. 

4 

HUDSON ACQUISITION I CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

September 30, 2024 

. The Company s
business purpose is to effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business
combination with one or more businesses (our Initial Business Combination ). The Company has selected December 31 as its
fiscal year end. 

Throughout this report, the
terms our, we, us, and the Company refer to Hudson Acquisition I Corp. 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had not commenced core operations. All activity for the period from January 13, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2024
relates to the Company s formation and raising funds through the initial public offering Initial Public Offering ),
which is described below, and efforts in identifying a target to consummate an Initial Business Combination. The Company will not generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of an Initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating
income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. 

The registration statement
pursuant to which the Company registered its securities offered in the Initial Public Offering was declared effective on October 14, 2022.
On October 18, 2022, the Company consummated its Initial Public Offering and sold units (the Units at a price
to the public of per Unit, resulting in total gross proceeds of (before underwriting discounts and commissions and
offering expenses). Each Unit consists of share of common stock of the Company, par value per share Common Stock and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of a share of the Common Stock upon the consummation of an Initial Business Combination Right ). 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Company s sponsor, Hudson SPAC Holding LLC (the Sponsor should have purchased
a total of units (the Initial Private Placement Units at a price of per the Initial Private Placement Unit
(the Private Placement (see Note 3). 

On October 21, 2022, the Company
closed the sale of units (the OA Units at per unit as a result of the underwriters partial exercise
of their over-allotment option (the Overallotment Offering in connection with the previously announced Initial Public Offering
pursuant to the underwriting agreement by and between the Company and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC dated October 14, 2022. Each OA Unit
consists of one share of Common Stock of the Company, par value per share and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one share
of the Common Stock upon the consummation of an Initial Business Combination (the Right ). Such OA Units were registered
pursuant to the Company s registration statement. As a result of the Overallotment Offering, the Company received gross proceeds
of (before deducting certain underwriting discount and fees), part of which was placed in the Trust Account. On October 21,
2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the Overallotment Offering, the Company completed the private placement of additional 
units (the Overallotment Private Placement Units pursuant to the Unit Private Placement Agreement dated October 14, 2022
by and between the Company and the Sponsor, in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option,
at a purchase price of per Overallotment Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of , a portion of which was
placed in the Trust Account. 

Following the closing of the
Initial Public Offering and Overallotment, an amount of was placed in a Trust Account in the United States maintained by Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. The funds held in the Trust Account were invested only in United States government Treasury
bills, bonds or notes having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in money market funds meeting the applicable conditions under Rule 2a-7
promulgated under the Investment Company Act and that invest solely in U.S. treasuries, so that the Company is not deemed to be an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released
to the Company to pay for income or other tax obligations, the remaining proceeds will not be released from the Trust Account until the
earlier of the completion of an Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation. The proceeds held in the Trust Account
may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which the Company will complete the Initial Business Combination
to the extent not used to pay redeeming stockholders. Any amounts not paid as consideration to the sellers of the target business may
be used to finance operations of the target business. 

5 

to be used for working capital purposes
pursuant to a Promissory Note. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had in borrowings under the Promissory Note (see Note 4).
If the Company is unable to obtain the necessary funds, the Company may be forced to cease searching for a target business and liquidate
without completing the Initial Business Combination. 

The Company will likely use
substantially all of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering, including the funds held in the Trust Account, in connection with
the Initial Business Combination and to pay expenses relating thereto, including the deferred underwriting discounts payable to the underwriters.
To the extent that the Company s capital stock is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect the Initial Business Combination,
the proceeds held in the Trust Account which are not used to consummate an Initial Business Combination will be disbursed to the combined
company and will, along with any other net proceeds not expended, be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business.
Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business operations,
for strategic acquisitions. 

To the extent that the Company
is unable to consummate an Initial Business Combination, the Company will pay the costs of liquidation from the remaining assets outside
of the Trust Account. If such funds are insufficient, the Sponsor has agreed to pay the funds necessary to complete such liquidation and
has agreed not to seek repayment of such expenses. 

If no business combination
is completed prior to the mandatory liquidation date, the proceeds then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the
funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay taxes (less of interest to pay dissolution
expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares. The Sponsor, directors, director nominees and officers will enter
into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the
Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if the Company fails to complete the Initial Business Combination within
such time period. 

In
connection with the shares purchased by the founders, the founders waive any and all right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or
to any distributions by the Company from the Trust Account which will be established for the benefit of the Company s public stockholders
and into which substantially all of the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering will be deposited (the Trust Account ), in
the event of a liquidation of the Company upon the Company s failure to timely complete an Initial Business Combination. 

6 

shares of common stock
outstanding, in which were entitled to vote at the Special Meeting, approximately of which were represented
in person or by proxy at the Special Meeting. The stockholders approved the proposal to amend the Company s Certificate of Incorporation
to give the Company the option to extend the date by which the Company must effect a Business Combination beyond July 18, 2023 up to nine
(9) times for an additional (1) month each time to April 18, 2024 upon the deposit into the Trust Account of for each calendar
month. This amendment increased the time the Company has to consummate an Initial Business Combination from the original maximum amount
of 15 months to 18 months from the Initial Public Offering date. In connection with the votes to approve the proposals above, the holders
of shares of common stock of the Company properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for approximately per
share. Following such redemptions, was withdrawn from the trust account on July 25, 2023 and Public Shares remained
outstanding. 

On July 17, 2023, the Company
filed a certificate of amendment (the Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation (the Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Certificate
of Amendment amends the Certificate of Incorporation to (i) give the Company the option to extend the date by which the Company must effect
a Business Combination beyond July 18, 2023 up to nine (9) times for an additional (1) month each time to April 18, 2024 upon the deposit
into the Trust Account of for each calendar month and (ii) eliminate the limitation that the Company may not redeem public
shares to the extent that such redemption would result in the Company having net tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule
3a51-1(g)(1) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of less than . 

On
April 17, 2024, the Company filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware. The Certificate of Amendment amends the Certificate of Incorporation to (i) give the Company the option
to extend the date by which the Company must effect a Business Combination beyond April 18, 2024, up to nine (9) times for an additional
(1) month each time to January 18, 2025, upon the deposit into the Trust Account of for each calendar month and (ii) to remove
the geographic limitations for a Business Combination., which requires the deletion of Section J of the Sixth Article in the Charter:
 J. At no time, the Corporation shall undertake a Business Combination with any entity being based in or having the majority of
its operations in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). In connection with the vote to approve the Extension Amendment,
the holders of shares of Public Shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw
their redemption) for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of .
Following such redemptions, Public Shares remained outstanding. 

On July 5, 2024, the Company
held the Special Meeting. On June 4, 2024, the record date for the Special Meeting, there were shares of common stock outstanding,
and shares of common stock and units entitled to be voted at the Special Meeting, approximately of which were represented
in person or by proxy at the Special Meeting. The stockholders approved the proposal to amend the Company s Second Amended and Restated
Certificate of Incorporation pursuant to an amendment to the Charter in the form set forth in Annex A to the Proxy Statement to extend
the date by which the Company must effect a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar
business combination with one or more businesses from January 18, 2025, up to nine (9) times for an additional one (1) month each time
to October 18, 2025, and will no longer require monthly deposits into the Trust Account as of July 5, 2024. The stockholders also approved
an amendment to the Charter to amend the Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation pursuant to the Charter
in the form set forth in forth in Annex B to the Proxy Statement to amend Article Sixth of the Charter by adding a definition of IPO Rights,
and Sixth (A)(ii) by adding and IPO Rights and and rights to read: or (ii) provide its holders of
IPO Shares and IPO Rights with the opportunity to sell their shares and rights to the Corporation by means of a tender offer Tender
Offer . 

On July 10, 2024, the Company
filed a Certificate of Amendment to the Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation with the Secretary of
State of the State of Delaware. The Certificate of Amendment amends the Certificate of Incorporation to (i) give the Company the option
to extend the date by which the Company must effect a Business Combination beyond January 18, 2025, up to nine (9) times for an additional
(1) month each time to October 18, 2025, and will no longer require monthly deposits into the Trust Account as of July 5, 2024. 

In connection with the vote
to approve the Extension Amendment, the holders of shares of Public Shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares
for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of . Following such redemptions, Public
Shares remained outstanding. 

7 

in its operating bank account and a working capital deficit of , which excludes franchise tax payable,
income tax payable, and excise tax payable. The Company may raise additional capital through loans or additional investments from the
Sponsor or its stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. The Company s officers and directors and the Sponsor may but
are not obligated to (except as described above), loan the Company funds, from time to time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in
their sole discretion, to meet the Company s working capital needs. Based on the foregoing, the Company believes it will have sufficient
working capital and borrowing capacity from the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and
directors to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or at least one year from the date that
the financial statements were issued. 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, the Company has until
October 18, 2025, assuming the monthly extension requirements are satisfied, to consummate a Business Combination (the Combination
Period ). Following the first extension, the Company was able to extend the date by which an Initial Business Combination must be
consummated beyond July 18, 2023 up to nine times for an additional one month each time to April 18, 2024 upon the deposit into the Trust
Account of in each calendar month. Following the second extension, the Company was able to extend the date by which an Initial
Business Combination must be consummated beyond April 18, 2024 up to an additional nine times for an additional one month each time to
January 18, 2025 upon the deposit into the Trust Account of each calendar month. Following the third extension, the Company is
able to extend the date by which an Initial Business Combination must be consummated beyond January 18, 2025, up to an additional nine
times for an additional one month each time to October 18, 2025, with extension payments in connection with the first and second extension
ending on July 5, 2024. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business
Combination is not consummated by October 18, 2025, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution of the Company. Management
has determined that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent
dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management intends to complete
a Business Combination prior to the end of the Combination Period. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or
liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after the end of the Combination Period. 

Nasdaq Compliance 

On July 23, 2024, the Company
received a notice from The NASDAQ Stock Market Nasdaq that its securities will be delisted from The Nasdaq Global Market.
On December 15, 2023, the staff of Nasdaq (the Staff notified the Company that the market value of its listed securities
had been below the minimum required for continued listing as set forth in Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A) (the Rule for the previous 30 consecutive trading days. Therefore, in accordance with Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(C), the Company was provided 180 calendar
days, or until June 12, 2024, to regain compliance with the Rule. However, the Company did not regain compliance with the Rule. 

In addition, based on the Staff s review
of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed June 24, 2024, the Staff determined that the Company does not comply Listing Rule
5450(b)(2)(A), requiring a minimum Publicly Held Shares, and Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(C), requiring a minimum of million
Market Value of Publicly Held Shares requirement. 

Based on the Company s
equity information as of July 22, 2024, the Company does not comply with the requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq Capital Market
under Listing Rule 5550. Additionally, the Staff has concerns that the Company may also no longer comply with the minimum 400 Total Holders
requirement of Listing Rule 5450(a)(2) due to the substantial number of shareholder redemptions and low number of shares remaining outstanding.
Finally, the Company failed to timely file its Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, and its Form 10-Q for the period ended
March 31, 2024, as required by Listing Rule 5250(c)(1). Accordingly, these matters each serve as additional and separate basis for delisting. 

Under Listing Rule 5810, a
company that fails to comply with the continued listing requirements is normally afforded a compliance period or the ability to submit
a plan of compliance in order to be granted time to regain compliance. However, given that the Company fails to comply with multiple continued
listing requirements by such significant margins, and that each of these requirements is related to the security s liquidity necessary
to maintain a fair and orderly market, the Staff has determined to apply more stringent criteria pursuant to its discretionary authority
set forth in Listing Rule 5101. Accordingly, the Staff has concluded that continued listing is inappropriate and to delist the Company s
securities in order to maintain the quality of and public confidence in the Nasdaq market, to prevent fraudulent and manipulative acts
and practices, to promote just and equitable principles of trade, and to protect investors and the public interest. 

8 

fee for the hearing. 

On
July 24, 2024, the Company received hearing instructions from Nasdaq, and has secured the hearing date for August 22, 2024. 

The Company submitted its
written submission to Nasdaq on August 2, 2024. 

The Company has also confirmed
with Nasdaq that, in the event that the Company is delisted, the delisting will not preclude the combined entity (the de-SPAC entity)
from receiving initial listing approval for listing on the Nasdaq Stock Market. In fact, the combined entity will be held to the same
quantitative initial listing standards irrespective of the listing status of the SPAC as a business combination resulting in a change
of control and/or a de-SPAC business combination necessitates initial listing approval. 

The Company filed its Form
10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 on July 23, 2024. The Company filed its Form 10-Q for the three months ended March 31, 2024
on August 2, 2024. 

On August 12, 2024, the Company
received a notification from Nasdaq that it has cured its filing discrepancies under Listing Rule 5250(c)(1). 

The Company has come up with
a series of action plans to regain compliance, and presented its case to Nasdaq Panel on its hearing on August 22, 2024. 

In connection with the foregoing, and the information
presented to the Nasdaq Panel, Nasdaq issued a letter to the Company on September 27, 2024, which stated, in pertinent part, that based
on the information presented to the panel, the Company s request for an exception to complete its plan of compliance has been granted.
Thus, the Panel has granted the Company s request for continued listing on the Exchange, subject to the following: 

1. On or before October 4, 2024, the Company shall provide a
detailed update to the Panel on the status of its merger with Aiways and the status of all completed transfers of Founder Shares and
Private Placement Shares. Additionally, the Company shall provide the Panel and Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Staff with copies of all
agreements related to the share transfers. The Panel requests Nasdaq Staff to review the agreements related to the shares transfer and
to indicate to the Panel whether any additional deficiencies arise from the transactions. The Company must promptly respond to any requests
from Nasdaq Staff for additional information. To date, the Company has completed this first request from Nasdaq. 

2. On or before November 22, 2024, the Company must complete
the transfer of the remainder of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares and shall provide the Panel with a list of all transferees,
a description of how the Company identified the transferee, and a detailed description of any differences in the agreements between each
of these transfers and with the agreements for the initial transfers. The Company is in the process of completing this request, and expects
to complete this request on or before November 22, 2024. 

3. On or before January 20, 2025, the Company must complete the
proposed Business Combination and demonstrate, by means of a listing approval from Nasdaq Staff, compliance with IM-5101-2 and all applicable
initial listing requirements for listing the combined company on the Capital Market. The Company expects to complete the proposed Business
Combination on or before January 20, 2025. 

The Company is advised that
January 20, 2025, represents the full extent of the Panel s discretion to grant continued listing while the Company is non-compliant
with Listing Rule IM-5101-2. 

9 

10 

Less: 

Redemption of common stock in connection with Trust Extension 

Add: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2023 

Less: 

Redemption of common stock 

Add: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Common stock subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

11 

redeemable shares of common stock for which the outstanding Public Rights are exercisable
were excluded from diluted earnings and losses per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively
because they are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net (loss) income per share
of common stock is the same as basic net (loss) income per share of common stock for the period. 

Net income attributable to common stock subject to possible redemption 

Denominator: Weighted average common shares subject to redemption 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, common stock subject to possible redemption 

Non-Redeemable common stock 

Numerator: Net loss minus net earnings - Basic and diluted 

Net loss 

Less: net income attributable to common stock subject to redemption 

Net loss attributable to non-redeemable common stock 

Denominator: Weighted average non-redeemable common shares 

Weighted-average non-redeemable common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net loss per share, non-redeemable common stock 

. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has not experienced losses on
this account and management believes the Company is not exposed to significant risks on such account. 

12 

, an option (the UPO to purchase Units,
including over-allotment. The over-allotment option was not exercised in full on October 21, 2022, therefore, the UPO was reduced pro-rata
to Units, and had a fair value of . The UPO will be exercisable at any time, in whole or in part, between the close of the
business combination and fifth anniversary of the date of the Initial Public Offering at a price per Unit equal to (or of
the public unit offering price). The Company accounts for the Unit Purchase Option, inclusive of
the receipt of cash payment, as an offering cost of the Initial Public Offering resulting in a charge directly to stockholders 
deficit. The Unit Purchase Option and such units purchased pursuant to the Unit Purchase Option, as well as the common stock underlying
such units, the rights included in such units, the shares of common stock that are issuable for the rights included in such units, have
been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). The Unit Purchase
Option grants to holders demand and piggy back rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively, from the effective
date of the registration statement with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the securities directly and
indirectly issuable upon exercise of the Unit Purchase Option. The Company will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the
securities, other than underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price and number of units
issuable upon exercise of the Unit Purchase Option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend,
or the Company s recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will not be adjusted for issuances
of common stock at a price below its exercise price. 

representative shares Representative Shares ),
due to the partial exercise of the over-allotment, which will be issued upon the completion of the Initial Business Combination. The representative
shares had an initial fair value of and is included as deferred underwriting commissions in the accompanying balance sheets. 

13 

Units at a price to the public of per Unit, resulting in total gross
proceeds of (before underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses). Each Unit consists of share of Common
Stock of the Company, par value per share and one Right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of a share of the Common Stock upon the consummation
of an Initial Business Combination. 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor should have purchased a total of Initial Private Placement Units at a price of 
per the Private Placement. However, on October 18, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor
partially consummated the Private Placement by subscribing to Private Placement Units instead of the full Initial Private Placement
Units, generating gross proceeds of approximately instead of the full , part of the proceeds of which were placed
in the Trust Account. The Trust Account was nonetheless fully-funded. On November 30, 2022, the Company received an additional remittance
of underlying the Sponsor s purchase of the Private Placement Units, reducing the balance to . Additionally, on
December 1, 2022, the Sponsor applied the outstanding balance on the Promissory Note of towards the remaining stock subscription
balance, which fully funded the Sponsor s purchase of the Private Placement Units. No underwriting discounts or commissions were
paid with respect to the Private Placement. The Purchased Private Placement Units are identical to the Units, except that (a) the Purchased
Private Placement Units and their component securities will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the consummation
of the Company s Initial Business Combination except to permitted transferees and (b) the shares and rights included as a component
of the Purchased Private Placement Units, so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, will be entitled to registration
rights, respectively. If the Company does not complete the Initial Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date, the proceeds
from the sale of the Private Placement Units held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject
to the requirements of applicable law) and the rights included as part of the Private Placement Units will expire worthless. 

On October 21, 2022, the Company
closed the sale of OA Units at per unit as a result of the underwriters partial exercise of their over-allotment
option in connection with the previously announced Initial Public Offering pursuant to the underwriting agreement by and between the Company
and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC dated October 14, 2022. Each OA Unit consists of one share of Common Stock of the Company, par value
 per share and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one share of the Common Stock upon the consummation of an Initial Business
Combination. Such OA Units were registered pursuant to the Company s registration statement. As a result of the Overallotment Offering,
the Company received gross proceeds of (before deducting certain underwriting discount and fees), part of which was placed
in the Trust Account. On October 21, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the Overallotment Offering, the Company completed the
private placement of additional Private Placement Units pursuant to the Unit Private Placement Agreement dated October 14, 2022
by and between the Company and the Sponsor, in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option,
at a purchase price of per Overallotment Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of , a portion of which was
placed in the Trust Account. 

Following the closing of the
Initial Public Offering and Overallotment, an amount of was placed in a Trust Account in the United States maintained by Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee. 

14 

units (the Initial Private Placement Units at a price of per the Initial Private Placement Unit (the Private Placement (see Note 3). On October 21, 2022, the
Company closed the sale of units (the OA Units at per unit as a result of the underwriters partial
exercise of their over-allotment option (the Overallotment Offering in connection with the previously announced Initial
Public Offering pursuant to the underwriting agreement by and between the Company and Chardan Capital Markets, LLC dated October 14, 2022.
Each OA Unit consists of one share of Common Stock of the Company, par value per share and one right to receive one-fifth (1/5)
of one share of the Common Stock upon the consummation of an Initial Business Combination (the Right ). Such OA Units were
registered pursuant to the Company s registration statement. As a result of the Overallotment Offering, the Company received gross
proceeds of (before deducting certain underwriting discount and fees), part of which was placed in the Trust Account. On October
21, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the Overallotment Offering, the Company completed the private placement of additional
 units (the Overallotment Private Placement Units pursuant to the Unit Private Placement Agreement dated October
14, 2022 by and between the Company and the Sponsor, in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment
option, at a purchase price of per Overallotment Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of , a portion of which
was placed in the Trust Account. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On April 5, 2021, as further
amended on April 28, 2021 and September 8, 2022, the Company entered into a promissory note with the Sponsor for principal amount up to
 . The promissory note is non-interest bearing and matures on the earlier of: (i) the date of the consummation of the Company s
Initial Business Combination or (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company. The principal balance may be prepaid at any time. A maximum
of of such loans may be converted into Units, at the price of per Unit at the option of the Sponsor. 

On May 6, 2021, the Company
made a drawdown of on the promissory note. On April 15 and August 19, 2022, the Company made additional drawdowns of 
and on the promissory note, respectively. 

On December 1, 2022, the Sponsor
applied the outstanding balance on the Promissory Note of towards the payments for Private Placement Units. 

On July 20, 2023, the Company
and the Sponsor amended and restated the promissory note, dated as of April 5, 2021, providing for loans up to in the aggregate.
The promissory note bears no interest and all unpaid principal under the promissory note will be due and payable in full upon the earlier
of (i) the date of the consummation of the Company s Initial Business Combination or (ii) the date of the liquidation of the Company.
At the election of the Sponsor, up to million of the loans under the promissory note may be settled in Units at a conversion rate
of per Unit, with each private unit comprised of one share of common stock of the Company and one right to one-fifth of a share
of the Company s common stock. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and , respectively, was outstanding
under the promissory note. 

In connection with the approval
of the extension amendment proposal, on July 18, 2023, the Sponsor entered into a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note issued
by the Company in favor of the Sponsor (the Extension Note ), providing for loans up to the aggregate principal amount of
 . On July 24, 2023, pursuant to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as amended by the Certificate of
Amendment, was deposited into the Trust Account for a one-month extension. will be deposited into the Trust Account each
month the Company determines to extend the date by which it must consummate an Initial Business Combination. The Company elected to extend
such date until April 18, 2024, therefore, an aggregate deposit of of the proceeds of the Extension Note will be made into the
Trust Account. The Extension Note bears no interest and all unpaid principal under the Extension Note will be due and payable in full
upon the earlier of (i) the date of the consummation of the Company s Initial Business Combination or (ii) the date of the liquidation
of the Company. The Extension Note balance was as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

Commencing on October 14,
2022, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor or its affiliate a total of per month for office space, utilities, and secretarial
and administrative support. Upon completion of our Initial Business Combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly
fees. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred and , respectively, on administrative
support fees. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company incurred and , respectively, on administrative
support fees. 

15 

per Unit, or and were paid offering expenses of upon closing of the Initial
Public Offering including the overallotment. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had recorded deferred underwriting
commissions of payable only upon completion of the Initial Business Combination, which consisted of commissions and representative
shares issuable in connection with the Initial Public Offering. The Company agreed to issue to the underwriter at the closing of the Initial
Public Offering up to representative shares, due to the partial exercise of the over-allotment, which will be issued upon the
completion of the Initial Business Combination. The representative shares had an initial fair value of . 

Excise Tax 

The Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 imposes a Excise Tax on the repurchase of corporate stock by a publicly traded U.S. corporation following December 31,
2022. For purposes of the Excise Tax, a repurchase will generally include redemptions, corporate buybacks and other transactions in which
the corporation acquires its stock from a shareholder in exchange for cash or property, subject to exceptions for de minimis transactions
and certain reorganizations. 

As a result, subject to certain
rules, the Excise Tax will apply to any redemption by a U.S.-domiciled SPAC taking place after December 31, 2022, including redemptions
(i) by shareholders in connection with the SPAC s Initial Business Combination or a proxy vote to extend the lifespan of the SPAC,
(ii) by SPACs if the SPAC does not complete a de-SPAC transaction within the required time set forth in its constituent documents, or
(iii) in connection with the wind-up and liquidation of the SPAC. The financial responsibility for such Excise Tax resides with the Company
and the Sponsor. This amount of has been included in the accompanying financial statements. 

At
this time, it has been determined that the IR Act tax provisions have an impact to the Company s accompanying financial statements
as there were redemptions by the public stockholders in 2023 and 2024; as a result, the Company recorded and excise
tax liability as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company will continue to monitor for updates to the Company s
business along with guidance issued with respect to the IR Act to determine whether any adjustments are needed to the Company s
tax provision in future periods. 

During the second quarter
of 2024, the IRS issued final regulations with respect to the timing and payment of the excise tax. Pursuant to those regulations,
the Company would need to file a return and remit payment for any liability incurred during the period from January 1, 2023 to December
31, 2023 on or before October 31, 2024. 

The Company is currently evaluating
its options with respect to payment of this obligation. If the Company is unable to pay its obligation in full, it will be subject
to additional interest and penalties which are currently estimated at interest per annum and a underpayment penalty per
month or portion of a month up to of the total liability for any amount that is unpaid from November 1, 2024 until paid in full. 

Unit Purchase Option 

At the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company sold to the underwriter, for an aggregate of , an option (the UPO to purchase Units,
including over-allotment. The over-allotment option was not exercised in full on October 21, 2022, therefore, the UPO was reduced pro-rata
to Units, and had a fair value of . The UPO will be exercisable at any time, in whole or in part, between the close of the
business combination and fifth anniversary of the date of the Initial Public Offering at a price per Unit equal to (or of
the public unit offering price). The Company accounts for the Unit Purchase Option, inclusive of
the receipt of cash payment, as an offering cost of the Initial Public Offering resulting in a charge directly to stockholders 
deficit. The Unit Purchase Option and such units purchased pursuant to the Unit Purchase Option, as well as the common stock underlying
such units, the rights included in such units, the shares of common stock that are issuable for the rights included in such units, have
been deemed compensation by FINRA and are therefore subject to a 180-day lock-up pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). The Unit Purchase
Option grants to holders demand and piggy back rights for periods of five and seven years, respectively, from the effective
date of the registration statement with respect to the registration under the Securities Act of the securities directly and
indirectly issuable upon exercise of the Unit Purchase Option. The Company will bear all fees and expenses attendant to registering the
securities, other than underwriting commissions which will be paid for by the holders themselves. The exercise price and number of units
issuable upon exercise of the Unit Purchase Option may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend,
or the Company s recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the option will not be adjusted for issuances
of common stock at a price below its exercise price. 

16 

to the Company. The note should be repaid by the Company on or before the date on which the Company consummates an initial
business combination at its election and without penalty. The Company shall repay Aiways either: (i) in cash payment that equals to the
paid principal outstanding, or (ii) the Company s common stock shares, at a fixed conversion price of per share, at Aiways 
choice. Shares issuable shall be identical to the Company s existing common stock shares. Aiways made a payment of to
the Company on June 30, 2024. The Company recorded the receipt of the payment as a note payable to target company for de-SPAC transaction
in the accompanying balance sheets. 

On
August 31, 2024, the Company executed a non-interest bearing promissory note agreement with Aiways. Pursuance to the agreement, Aiways
agreed to issue a promissory note in the amount of to the Company. The note should be repaid by the Company on or before the
date on which the Company consummates an initial business combination at its election and without penalty. The Company shall repay Aiways
either: (i) in cash payment that equals to the paid principal outstanding, or (ii) the Company s common stock shares, at a fixed
conversion price of per share, at Aiways choice. Shares issuable shall be identical to the Company s existing common
stock shares. On September 25, 2024, the Company received the cash proceeds from Aiways in the amount of which represented a
principal of and an original issuing discount of . The original issuing discount is recorded in balance sheet in a contra
liability account net against the advance from target company for de-SPAC transaction. The original issuing discount will be amortized
over the term of the loan. An amortization expense of was recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The principal
of was recorded in the balance sheet in the advance from target company for de-SPAC transaction account. 

As
of September 30, 2024, the balance in the advance from target company for de-SPAC transaction account was . 

per share, which the Company is authorized to issue is shares of common stock. Except
as otherwise required by law, the holders of the Common Stock shall exclusively possess all voting power with respect to the Company. 

Founder s Shares 

At inception, January 13,
2021, the Company issued Founder Shares of common stock for total receivable of approximately of received on May 11,
2021. These Founder Shares included up to shares of which were subject to forfeiture by the stockholder if the underwriters did
not fully exercise their over-allotment option. On December 10, 2021, pursuant to the Underwriter Addendum, the aggregate number of Founder
Shares were reduced to . All share and per-share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrender. In
connection with the partial exercise of the over-allotment option on October 21, 2022, Founder Shares were forfeited. The remaining
Founder Shares represent of the outstanding shares after the Initial Public Offering. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were shares outstanding. 

Initial Public Offering 

Simultaneously with the closing
of the Initial Public Offering, the Sponsor purchased a total of Initial Private Placement Units at a price of per Unit. 

On October 21, 2022, simultaneously
with the consummation of the Overallotment Offering, the Company completed the private placement of additional units (the Overallotment
Private Placement Units pursuant to the Unit Private Placement Agreement dated October 14, 2022 by and between the Company and
the Sponsor, in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, at a purchase price of per
Overallotment Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of , a portion of which was placed in the Trust Account. 

17 

Transfers to/from Levels 1,
2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period in which a change in valuation technique or methodology occurs. There were no
transfers to or from Level 3 assets or liabilities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

. The balance of notes payable to related party was reduced to 
subsequently. 

On October 29, 2024, the
Company entered into a thirty-six-month operating motor vehicle lease agreement with Manhattan Luxury Automobiles Inc. for a 2024 Lexus
GX 550 vehicle. The lease commenced on October 29, 2024 with a monthly lease payment of . The Company intends to return the leased
vehicle to the lessor upon the completion of business combination. 

18 

ITEM
2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements 

References
in this report (this Quarterly Report to we, us or the Company refer to Hudson
Acquisition I Corp. References to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors,
and references to the Sponsor refer to Hudson SPAC Holding, LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s
financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained
elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding
Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes
 forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that
are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected
and projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation,
statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations , the Company s
financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements.
Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek 
and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available.
A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed
in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings can
be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law,
the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company
formed under the laws of the State of Delaware on January 13, 2021 for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset
acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate
our Initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering, our capital stock, debt or a combination
of cash, stock and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur
significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an Initial Business Combination
will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in
any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from inception through September 30, 2024 were organizational activities
and those necessary to prepare for our initial public offering and identifying a target for an Initial Business Combination. We do not
expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Initial Business Combination. We generate non-operating income
in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company
(for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 853,947, which consisted of interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account
of 569,338 and interest earned on the operating cash account of 1,990, offset by general and administrative expenses of 776,033, franchise
tax expense of 42,600, loss on overpayment of franchise tax of 172,166, and provision for income taxes of 434,476. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, we had net loss of 9,767, which consisted of interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account of
 1,940,473, offset by general and administrative expenses of 1,237,240, franchise tax expense of 150,000, and provision for income taxes
of 563,000. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 488,195, which consisted of interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account
of 19,751 and interest earned on the operating cash account of 699, offset by general and administrative expenses of 306,524, franchise
tax expense of 18,600, loss on overpayment of franchise tax of 172,166, and provision for income taxes of 11,355. 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2023, we had a net loss of 443,146, which consisted of interest earned on marketable securities held in the trust account
of 393,358 , offset by general and administrative expenses of 678,504, franchise tax expense of 50,000, and provision for income taxes
of 108,000. 

19 

Factors That May Adversely
Affect Our Results of Operations 

Our results of operations
and our ability to complete an Initial Business Combination may be adversely affected by various factors that could cause economic uncertainty
and volatility in the financial markets, many of which are beyond our control. Our business could be impacted by, among other things,
downturns in the financial markets or in economic conditions, increases in oil prices, inflation, increases in interest rates, supply
chain disruptions, declines in consumer confidence and spending, the ongoing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including resurgences and
the emergence of new variants, and geopolitical instability, such as the military conflict in the Ukraine. We cannot at this time fully
predict the likelihood of one or more of the above events, their duration or magnitude or the extent to which they may negatively impact
our business and our ability to complete an Initial Business Combination. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

On October 18, 2022, we consummated
our Initial Public Offering of 6,000,000 Units, at a price to the public of 10.00 per Unit, resulting in total gross proceeds of 60,000,000.
On October 18, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor partially consummated the Private
Placement by subscribing to 238,500 units instead of the full Initial Private Placement Units, generating gross proceeds of approximately
 2,385,000 instead of the full 3,400,000, part of the proceeds of which were placed in the Trust Account. The Trust Account was nonetheless
fully funded. 

On October 21, 2022, we closed
the sale of 845,300 Over-allotment Units at 10.00 per unit as a result of the underwriters partial exercise of their Over-allotment
Option in connection with the previously announced Initial Public Offering pursuant to the underwriting agreement by and between us and
Chardan Capital Markets, LLC dated October 14, 2022. Each Over-allotment Unit consists of one share of Common Stock of the Company, par
value 0.0001 per share and one Right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one share of the Common Stock upon the consummation of an Initial
Business Combination. Such Over-allotment Units were registered pursuant to our registration statement. As a result of the Overallotment
Offering, we received gross proceeds of 8,453,000 (before deducting certain underwriting discount and fees), part of which was placed
in the Trust Account. On October 21, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the Overallotment Offering, we completed the Overallotment
Private Placement of additional 31,500 units pursuant to the Unit Private Placement Agreement dated October 14, 2022 by and between us
and our Sponsor, in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, at a purchase price of 10.00
per Overallotment Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of 315,000, a portion of which was placed in the Trust Account. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, cash used in operating activities was 961,938, consisting of a net loss of 853,947, interest received on marketable
securities held in the Trust Account of 569,338, and an increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 43,252, and a decrease
in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 145,526, that were partially offset by the increase in franchise tax payable of 214,766,
income tax payable of 177,000, excise tax payable of 257,476 and amortization on debt discount on notes to target company of 883. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, cash used in operating activities was 610,200, consisting of a net loss of 9,767, interest received on marketable
securities held in the Trust Account of 1,940,473, and an decrease in franchise tax payable of 65,315, that were partially offset by
the decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets of 94,353, plus an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 673,939,
income tax payable of 563,000, and related party payable of 74,063. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2024, cash provided by investing activities was 25,492,597, consisting of cash withdrawn from the Trust Account of 26,045,551,
that was partially offset by an investment of cash in Trust Account of 552,954. 

For the nine months ended
September 30, 2023, cash provided by investing activities was 46,387,597, consisting of cash withdrawn from the Trust Account of 46,467,597,
that was partially offset by an investment of cash in Trust Account of 80,000. 

For the year nine months ended
September 30, 2024, cash used in financing activities was 24,163,604, consisting of cash paid for the redemption of Public Units of 25,747,589
and the repayment of borrowing from related parties of 80,000, that were partially offset by cash proceeds from the target company of
 1,476,882 and cash proceeds from the related party borrowing of 187,103. 

For the year nine months ended
September 30, 2023, cash used in financing activities was 45,887,982, consisting of cash paid for the redemption of Public Units of 46,169,982,
that was partially offset by cash proceeds from the related party borrowing of 282,000. 

20 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had cash held in the trust account of 1,109,108. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account,
including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account to complete our Initial Business Combination. We may withdraw
interest to pay taxes. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Initial
Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the
target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

As of September 30, 2024,
the Company had 378,755 of cash held outside of the trust account. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily
to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices,
plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material
agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure, negotiate and complete an Initial Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital
deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an Initial Business Combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor
or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete an Initial Business
Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that an Initial Business
Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts, but
no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. 

If our estimate of the costs
of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating an Initial Business Combination are less than the
actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Initial Business Combination.
Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Initial Business Combination or because we become obligated
to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our Initial Business Combination, in which case we may issue
additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Initial Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities
laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our Initial Business Combination. If we are unable to
complete our Initial Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations
and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our Initial Business Combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need
to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 

Franchise and Income
Tax Withdrawals from Trust Account 

Since
completion of its IPO on October 14, 2022, and through September 30, 2024, the Company withdrew 595,577 from the Trust Account to pay
its liabilities related to the income and Delaware franchise taxes. Through September 30, 2023, the Company remitted 215,265 to the Delaware
franchise tax authorities, which resulted in remaining excess of funds withdrawn from the Trust Account, but not remitted to the government
authorities of 380,312. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024, the Company had accrued but unpaid income tax liability of 941,000,
unpaid excise tax liability of 719,176 and unpaid liability for the Delaware franchise tax of 283,074. As of September 30, 2024, the
Company had 378,755 in its operating account and inadvertently used all of the funds withdrawn from the Trust Account for payment of
other operating expenses not related to taxes. Management determined that this use of funds was not in accordance with the Trust Agreement. 

The
Company continues to incur further tax liabilities and intends to cover such liabilities from the funds in its operating account and,
if necessary, from the proceeds from the promissory note to Sponsor, without additional withdrawals from the Trust Account, until the
excess of the funds withdrawn from the Trust Account over the amounts remitted to the government authorities is cured. 

Nasdaq Compliance 

On July 23, 2024, the Company
received a notice from The NASDAQ Stock Market Nasdaq that its securities will be delisted from The Nasdaq Global Market.
On December 15, 2023, the staff of Nasdaq (the Staff notified the Company that the market value of its listed securities
had been below the minimum 50,000,000 required for continued listing as set forth in Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A) (the Rule for the previous 30 consecutive trading days. Therefore, in accordance with Listing Rule 5810(c)(3)(C), the Company was provided 180 calendar
days, or until June 12, 2024, to regain compliance with the Rule. However, the Company did not regain compliance with the Rule. 

In addition, based on the
Staff s review of the Company s Definitive Proxy Statement filed June 24, 2024, the Staff determined that the Company does
not comply Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(A), requiring a minimum 1,100,000 Publicly Held Shares, and Listing Rule 5450(b)(2)(C), requiring a
minimum of 15 million Market Value of Publicly Held Shares requirement. 

21 

Accordingly, the Staff has
determined that the Company s securities will be delisted from The Nasdaq Global Market. In that regard, unless the Company requests
an appeal of this determination by July 30, 2024, trading of the Company s ordinary shares, warrants, and units will be suspended
at the opening of business on August 1, 2024, and a Form 25-NSE will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ),
which will remove the Company s securities from listing and registration on The Nasdaq Stock Market. However, the Company has appealed
the Staff s determination to the Hearings Panel. 

In response to the Nasdaq
delisting notice, on July 23, 2024, the Company applied to transfer from Nasdaq Global Market to Nasdaq Capital Market; on July 24, 2024,
the Company requested and paid the 20,000 fee for the hearing; and as of the same date, the Company received hearing instructions from
Nasdaq. The Company submitted its written submission to Nasdaq on August 2, 2024, and on August 12, 2024, the Company received a notification
from Nasdaq that it has cured its filing discrepancies under Listing Rule 5250(c)(1). A Hearing on this matter was held on August 22,
2024, in which the Company presented its case to the Staff. 

In connection with the foregoing,
and the information presented to the Nasdaq Panel, Nasdaq issued a letter to the Company on September 27, 2024, which stated, in pertinent
part, that based on the information presented to the panel, the Company s request for an exception to complete its plan of compliance
has been granted. Thus, the Panel has granted the Company s request for continued listing on the Exchange, subject to the following: 

1. On or before October 4, 2024, the Company shall provide a
detailed update to the Panel on the status of its merger with Aiways and the status of all completed transfers of Founder Shares and
Private Placement Shares. Additionally, the Company shall provide the Panel and Nasdaq Listing Qualifications Staff with copies of all
agreements related to the share transfers. The Panel requests Nasdaq Staff to review the agreements related to the shares transfer and
to indicate to the Panel whether any additional deficiencies arise from the transactions. The Company must promptly respond to any requests
from Nasdaq Staff for additional information. To date, the Company has completed this first request from Nasdaq. 

2. On or before November 22, 2024, the Company must complete
the transfer of the remainder of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Shares and shall provide the Panel with a list of all transferees,
a description of how the Company identified the transferee, and a detailed description of any differences in the agreements between each
of these transfers and with the agreements for the initial transfers. The Company is in the process of completing this request, and expects
to complete this request on or before November 22, 2024. 

3. On or before January 20, 2025, the Company must complete the
proposed Business Combination and demonstrate, by means of a listing approval from Nasdaq Staff, compliance with IM-5101-2 and all applicable
initial listing requirements for listing the combined company on the Capital Market. The Company expects to complete the proposed Business
Combination on or before January 20, 2025. 

The Company is advised that
January 20, 2025, represents the full extent of the Panel s discretion to grant continued listing while the Company is non-compliant
with Listing Rule IM-5101-2. 

Going Concern 

In connection with our assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have until October
18, 2025, assuming the monthly extension requirements are satisfied, to consummate a Business Combination. Following the first extension,
we are able to extend the date by which an Initial Business Combination must be consummated beyond July 18, 2023 up to nine times for
an additional one month each time to April 18, 2024 upon the deposit into the Trust Account of 80,000 each calendar month. Following
the second extension, we are able to extend the date by which an Initial Business Combination must be consummated beyond April 18, 2024
up to an additional nine times for an additional one month each time to January 18, 2025 upon the deposit into the Trust Account of 25,000
each calendar month, with monthly extension payments ceasing on July 5, 2024. Following the third extension, we are able to extend the
date by which an Initial Business Combination must be consummated beyond January 18, 2025 up to nine times for an additional one month
each time to October 18, 2025. It is uncertain that we will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination
is not consummated within the Combination Period, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution. Management has determined
that the liquidity condition and mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution
raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Management intends to complete a Business Combination prior
to the end of the Combination Period. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required
to liquidate after the end of the Combination Period. 

22 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance
sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. 

Contractual
Obligations 

We
do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement
to pay the sponsor a monthly fee of 20,000 for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support provided to the Company.
We began incurring these fees on October 18, 2022 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the consummation
of an Initial Business Combination or our liquidation. 

As of September 30, 2024,
we had recorded deferred underwriting commissions of 2,723,060 payable only upon completion of our Initial Business Combination, which
consisted of deferred underwriting commissions and representative shares (see Note 5). 

Critical Accounting
Estimates 

The
preparation of the financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United
States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual
results could materially differ from those estimates. 

The
Company s significant accounting estimates include, but are not limited to, the valuation allowance for deferred tax assets and
estimates and assumptions that affect the fair value of representative shares and unit purchase option. 

Cybersecurity 

Risk Management and Strategy 

We
recognize the critical importance of developing, implementing, and maintaining robust cybersecurity measures to safeguard our information
systems and protect the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our data. 

Managing Material Risks
 Integrated Overall Risk Management 

We
have strategically integrated cybersecurity risk management into our broader risk management framework to promote a company-wide culture
of cybersecurity risk management. This integration ensures that cybersecurity considerations are an integral part of our decision-making
processes at every level. Our management team continuously evaluates and addresses cybersecurity risks in alignment with our business
objectives and operational needs. 

Oversee Third-party Risk 

Because
we are aware of the risks associated with third-party service providers, we have implemented stringent processes to oversee and manage
these risks. We conduct thorough security assessments of all third-party providers before engagement and maintain ongoing monitoring to
ensure compliance with our cybersecurity standards. The monitoring includes annual assessments of the SOC reports of our providers and
implementing complementary controls. This approach is designed to mitigate risks related to data breaches or other security incidents
originating from third-parties. 

Risks from Cybersecurity
Threats 

We
have not encountered cybersecurity challenges that have materially impaired our operations or financial standing. 

23 

Item 3. Quantitative
and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not required
for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and
Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our
reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in
the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures means controls and procedures of a company that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed,
summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated
and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions
regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide
only reasonable, not absolute, assurance of achieving their desired control objectives. 

As
required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our management carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design
and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures under the supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer
and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of September 30, 2024 because the material weaknesses
in our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 and as described below, continues to exist as of September 30,
2024. 

In
connection with management s report on internal controls over financial reporting included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for
the year ended December 31, 2022, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was
not effective as of December 31, 2022. We identified material weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting, and those material
weaknesses were not fully remediated as of September 30, 2024. The following material weaknesses continue to exist in our internal control
over financial reporting: 

1. 
 delinquent filings with the SEC including Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, Form 10-Q for the period ended March 31, 2023, and Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2023; 

2. 
 complex accounting, specifically the accounting for representative shares and the Unit Purchase Option; and 

3. 
 the timely forfeiture of founder shares upon the over-allotment in connection with the Initial Public Offering. 

A
material weakness, as defined in the SEC regulations, is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial
reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s annual or interim financial
statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. In light of this material weakness, we performed additional analysis as
deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 

Management
plans to remediate the material weakness by enhancing our processes to identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements
and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding accounting applications.
The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately
have the intended effects. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

Other
than the remediation efforts described above, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is
defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected,
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

24 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Factors
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report include the risk factors described in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to the risk
factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

On October 18, 2022, we consummated
our Initial Public Offering of 6,000,000 Units, at a price to the public of 10.00 per Unit, resulting in total gross proceeds of 60,000,000.
On October 18, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our Sponsor partially consummated the Private
Placement by subscribing to 238,500 units instead of the full Initial Private Placement Units, generating gross proceeds of approximately
 2,385,000 instead of the full 3,400,000, part of the proceeds of which were placed in the Trust Account. The Trust Account was nonetheless
fully-funded. 

On October 21, 2022, we closed
the sale of 845,300 Over-allotment Units at 10.00 per unit as a result of the underwriters partial exercise of their Over-allotment
Option in connection with the previously announced Initial Public Offering pursuant to the underwriting agreement by and between us and
Chardan Capital Markets, LLC dated October 14, 2022. Each Over-allotment Unit consists of one share of Common Stock of the Company, par
value 0.0001 per share and one Right to receive one-fifth (1/5) of one share of the Common Stock upon the consummation of an Initial
Business Combination. Such Over-allotment Units were registered pursuant to our registration statement. As a result of the Overallotment
Offering, we received gross proceeds of 8,453,000 (before deducting certain underwriting discount and fees), part of which was placed
in the Trust Account. On October 21, 2022, simultaneously with the consummation of the Overallotment Offering, we completed the Overallotment
Private Placement of additional 31,500 units pursuant to the Unit Private Placement Agreement dated October 14, 2022 by and between us
and our Sponsor, in connection with the underwriters partial exercise of the over-allotment option, at a purchase price of 10.00
per Overallotment Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of 315,000, a portion of which was placed in the Trust Account. 

For
a description of the use of the proceeds generated in our Public Offering, see Part I, Item 2 of this Form 10-Q. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon
Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety
Disclosures 

None. 

Item 5. Other Information 

. 

25 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The
following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rule 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed
herewith. 

26 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto
duly authorized. 

HUDSON ACQUISITION I CORP. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Warren Wang 

Warren Wang 

Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Pengfei Xie 

Pengfei Xie 

Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022114001ex31-1_hudsonacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) OR 15D-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Warren Wang, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period
ended September 30, 2024, of Hudson Acquisition I Corp. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 14, 2024 

/s/ Warren Wang 

Warren Wang 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022114001ex31-2_hudsonacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) OR 15D-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 

 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Pengfei Xie, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period
ended September 30, 2024, of Hudson Acquisition I Corp. 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report
is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

November 14, 2024 

/s/ Pengfei Xie 

Pengfei Xie 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022114001ex32-1_hudsonacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Hudson Acquisition I Corp.
(the Company on Form 10-Q, for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
I, Warren Wang, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

November 14, 2024 

/s/ Warren Wang 

Warren Wang 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022114001ex32-2_hudsonacq1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 

 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Hudson Acquisition I Corp.
(the Company on Form 10-Q, for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission,
I, Pengfei Xie, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The Quarterly Report fully complies with the requirements
of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

November 14, 2024 

/s/ Pengfei Xie 

Pengfei Xie 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 huda-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 huda-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 huda-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 huda-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 huda-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

