<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_59478_0000059478-24-000245.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11215826</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>107288</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1443137</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5007172</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2183805</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2187843</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000059478-24-000245.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030115410
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000059478-24-000245
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		75
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ELI LILLY & Co
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000059478
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				350470950
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06351
		FILM NUMBER:		241408501

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LILLY CORPORATE CTR
		STREET 2:		DROP CODE 1094
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46285
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3172762000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		LILLY CORPORATE CENTER
		STREET 2:		DROP CODE 1094
		CITY:			INDIANAPOLIS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46285

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LILLY ELI & CO
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19941024

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000059478-24-000245.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 lly-20240930.htm
 10-Q

lly-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the 
 Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address and zip code of principal executive offices) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbols Name of Each Exchange On Which Registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of "large accelerated filer," "accelerated filer," "smaller reporting company," and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the Registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding as of October 25, 2024: 
 Class Number of Shares Outstanding Common 

Eli Lilly and Company 
 Form 10-Q 
 For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I. Financial Information 
 5 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 5 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations 
 5 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Incom e (Loss) 
 6 
 Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets 
 7 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 8 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 
 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition 
 35 
 Executive Overview 
 35 
 Results of Operations 
 41 
 Financial Condition and Liquidity 
 45 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 46 
 Available Information on our Website 
 46 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 47 
 PART II. Other Information 
 48 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 48 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 48 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 48 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 48 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 49 
 Signatures 
 49 
 
 2 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our other publicly available documents include forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (Exchange Act), and are subject to the safe harbor created thereby under the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements include all statements that do not relate solely to historical or current facts, and generally can be identified by the use of words such as "may," "could," "aim," "seek," "believe," "will," "expect," "project," "estimate," "intend," "target," "anticipate," "plan," "continue," or similar expressions or future or conditional verbs. 
 Forward-looking statements inherently involve many risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed in forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are based on management's current plans and expectations, expressed in good faith and believed to have a reasonable basis. However, we can give no assurance that any expectation or belief will result or will be achieved or accomplished. Investors therefore should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. The following include some but not all of the factors that could cause actual results or events to differ from those anticipated: 
 the significant costs and uncertainties in the pharmaceutical research and development process, including with respect to the timing and process of obtaining regulatory approvals; 
 the impact and uncertain outcome of acquisitions and business development transactions and related costs; 
 intense competition affecting our products, pipeline, or industry; 
 market uptake of launched products and indications; 
 continued pricing pressures and the impact of actions of governmental and private payers affecting pricing of, reimbursement for, and patient access to pharmaceuticals, or reporting obligations related thereto; 
 safety or efficacy concerns associated with our products; 
 dependence on relatively few products or product classes for a significant percentage of our total revenue and an increasingly consolidated supply chain; 
 the expiration of intellectual property protection for certain of our products and competition from generic and biosimilar products, and risks from the proliferation of counterfeit or illegally compounded products; 
 our ability to protect and enforce patents and other intellectual property and changes in patent law or regulations related to data package exclusivity; 
 information technology system inadequacies, inadequate controls or procedures, security breaches, or operating failures; 
 unauthorized access, disclosure, misappropriation, or compromise of confidential information or other data stored in our information technology systems, networks, and facilities, or those of third parties with whom we share our data and violations of data protection laws or regulations; 
 issues with product supply and regulatory approvals stemming from manufacturing difficulties, disruptions, or shortages, including as a result of unpredictability and variability in demand, labor shortages, third-party performance, quality, cyber-attacks, or regulatory actions related to our and third-party facilities; 
 reliance on third-party relationships and outsourcing arrangements; 
 the use of artificial intelligence or other emerging technologies in various facets of our operations which may exacerbate competitive, regulatory, litigation, cybersecurity, and other risks; 
 the impact of global macroeconomic conditions, including uneven economic growth or downturns or uncertainty, trade disruptions, international tension, conflicts, regional dependencies, or other costs, uncertainties, and risks related to engaging in business globally; 
 fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates or changes in interest rates and inflation; 
 litigation, investigations, or other similar proceedings involving past, current, or future products or activities; 
 changes in tax law and regulation, tax rates, or events that differ from our assumptions related to tax positions; 
 regulatory changes and developments; 
 regulatory actions regarding our operations and products; 
 regulatory compliance problems or government investigations; 
 actual or perceived deviation from environmental-, social-, or governance-related requirements or expectations; 
 asset impairments and restructuring charges; and 
 changes in accounting and reporting standards. 
 3 

More information on factors that could cause our actual results or events to differ from those expressed in forward looking statements is included from time to time in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, particularly under Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors." Investors should understand that it is not possible to predict or identify all such factors and should not consider the risks described above and under Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" of our Annual Report on Form 10-K to be a complete statement of all potential risks and uncertainties. 
 All forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements included in or incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as is required by law, we expressly disclaim any obligation to publicly release any revisions to forward-looking statements to reflect events after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 4 

PART I. Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations 
 (Unaudited) 
 ELI LILLY AND COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars and shares in millions, except per-share data) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue (Note 2) Costs, expenses, and other: Cost of sales Research and development Marketing, selling, and administrative Acquired in-process research and development (Note 3) Asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges (Note 5) Other net, (income) expense (Note 12) ) Income before income taxes Income taxes (Note 8) Net income (loss) ) Earnings (loss) per share: Basic ) Diluted ) Shares used in calculation of earnings (loss) per share: Basic Diluted 
 See notes to consolidated condensed financial statements. 
 5 

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 (Unaudited) 
 ELI LILLY AND COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax (Note 11) 
 Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 See notes to consolidated condensed financial statements. 

6 

Consolidated Condensed Balance Sheets 
 ELI LILLY AND COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets (Unaudited) Current Assets Cash and cash equivalents (Note 7) Short-term investments (Note 7) Accounts receivable, net of allowances of (2024) and (2023) 
 Other receivables Inventories (Note 6) Prepaid expenses Other current assets Total current assets Investments (Note 7) Goodwill Other intangibles, net Deferred tax assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation of (2024) and (2023) 
 Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current Liabilities Short-term borrowings and current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable Employee compensation Sales rebates and discounts Dividends payable Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Noncurrent Liabilities Long-term debt Accrued retirement benefits (Note 9) Long-term income taxes payable Other noncurrent liabilities Total noncurrent liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 10) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Employee benefit trust ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss (Note 11) ) ) Cost of common stock in treasury ) ) Total Eli Lilly and Company shareholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See notes to consolidated condensed financial statements. 
 7 

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 (Unaudited) 
 ELI LILLY AND COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Equity of Eli Lilly and Company Shareholders (Dollars in millions, except per-share data, and shares in thousands) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Employee Benefit Trust Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Common Stock in Treasury (1) 
 Noncontrolling Interests Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at July 1, 2023 
 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Issuance of stock under employee stock plans, net Stock-based compensation Other ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) Balance at July 1, 2024 
 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Retirement of treasury shares ) ) ) ) Purchase of treasury shares ) Issuance of stock under employee stock plans, net ) Stock-based compensation Other ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) billion remaining under our billion share repurchase program authorized in May 2021. 
 See notes to consolidated condensed financial statements. 
 
 8 

Equity of Eli Lilly and Company Shareholders (Dollars in millions, except per-share data, and shares in thousands) Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Employee Benefit Trust Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Common Stock in Treasury (1) 
 Noncontrolling Interests Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at January 1, 2023 
 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Cash dividends declared per share: 
 ) Retirement of treasury shares ) ) ) ) Purchase of treasury shares ) Issuance of stock under employee stock plans, net ) ) Stock-based compensation Other ) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) Balance at January 1, 2024 
 ) ) ) Net income (loss) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Cash dividends declared per share: 
 ) Retirement of treasury shares ) ) ) ) Purchase of treasury shares ) Issuance of stock under employee stock plans, net ) ) Stock-based compensation Other ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) billion remaining under our billion share repurchase program authorized in May 2021. 
 See notes to consolidated condensed financial statements. 
 
 9 

Consolidated Condensed Statements of Cash Flows 
 (Unaudited) 
 ELI LILLY AND COMPANY AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 (Dollars in millions) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Depreciation and amortization Change in deferred income taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Net investment losses 
 Gains on sale of product rights ) ) Acquired in-process research and development Other changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of acquisitions and divestitures ) Other operating activities, net Net Cash Provided by Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of short-term investments Purchases of short-term investments ) ) Proceeds from sales of and distributions from noncurrent investments Purchases of noncurrent investments ) ) Proceeds from sale of product rights Cash paid for acquisitions, net of cash acquired 
 ) Purchases of in-process research and development ) ) Other investing activities, net ) ) Net Cash Used for Investing Activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Dividends paid ) ) Net change in short-term borrowings ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) Purchases of common stock ) ) Other financing activities, net ) ) Net Cash Provided by (Used for) Financing Activities 
 ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 Cash and cash equivalents at January 1 Cash and Cash Equivalents at September 30 
 
 See notes to consolidated condensed financial statements. 

10 

Notes to Consolidated Condensed Financial Statements 
 (Tables present dollars in millions, except per-share data) 
 
 Note 1: 
 11 

Note 2: 
 Collaboration and other revenue 
 Revenue 
 We recognize revenue primarily from two different types of contracts, product sales to customers (net product revenue) and collaborations and other arrangements. Revenue recognized from collaborations and other arrangements includes our share of profits from the collaborations, as well as royalties, upfront and milestone payments we receive under these types of contracts. See Note 4 for additional information related to our collaborations and other arrangements. Collaboration and other revenue disclosed above includes the revenue from the Jardiance and Trajenta families of products resulting from our collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim, as well as from the 2023 sales of rights for the olanzapine portfolio, including Zyprexa , and for Baqsimi , all of which are discussed in Note 4. Substantially all of the remainder of collaboration and other revenue is related to contracts accounted for as contracts with customers. Collaboration and other revenue associated with intellectual property licensed in prior periods was not material during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Adjustments to Revenue 
 Adjustments to revenue recognized as a result of changes in estimates for our most significant United States (U.S.) sales returns, rebates, and discounts liability balances for products shipped in previous periods were percent and percent of U.S. revenue during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and percent and less than percent of U.S. revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Contract Liabilities 
 Our contract liabilities result from arrangements where we have received payment in advance of performance under the contract and do not include sales returns, rebates, and discounts. Changes in contract liabilities are generally due to either receipt of additional advance payments or our performance under the contract. 
 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenue recognized from contract liabilities as of the beginning of the respective year was not material. Revenue expected to be recognized in the future from contract liabilities as the related performance obligations are satisfied is not expected to be material in any one year. 
 
 12 

Trulicity 
 Zepbound 
 Jardiance (1) 
 Humalog (2) 
 Humulin 
 Basaglar (3) 
 Baqsimi Other cardiometabolic health Total cardiometabolic health Oncology: Verzenio 
 Cyramza 
 Erbitux 
 Tyvyt 
 Other oncology Total oncology Immunology: Taltz 
 Olumiant 
 Other immunology Total immunology Neuroscience: Emgality 
 Zyprexa (4) 
 Other neuroscience Total neuroscience Other: Forteo 
 Cialis 
 Other Total other Revenue 
 Numbers may not add due to rounding. 
 (1) Jardiance revenue includes Glyxambi , Synjardy , and Trijardy XR. 
 (2) Humalog revenue includes insulin lispro. 
 (3) Basaglar revenue includes Rezvoglar . 
 (4) Zyprexa revenue includes sale of rights for the olanzapine portfolio in July 2023. 
 
 13 

Trulicity Zepbound Jardiance (1) 
 Humalog (2) 
 Humulin Basaglar (3) 
 Baqsimi Other cardiometabolic health Total cardiometabolic health Oncology: Verzenio Cyramza Erbitux Tyvyt Other oncology Total oncology Immunology: Taltz Olumiant Other immunology Total immunology Neuroscience: Emgality Zyprexa (4) 
 Other neuroscience Total neuroscience Other: Cialis Forteo Other Total other Revenue 
 Numbers may not add due to rounding. 
 (1) Jardiance revenue includes Glyxambi, Synjardy, and Trijardy XR. 
 (2) Humalog revenue includes insulin lispro. 
 (3) Basaglar revenue includes Rezvoglar. 
 (4) Zyprexa revenue includes sale of rights for the olanzapine portfolio in July 2023. 

14 

Europe Japan China Other foreign countries Revenue 
 Numbers may not add due to rounding. 
 (1) Revenue is attributed to the countries based on the location of the customer or other party. 

Note 3: 
 Business Combination 
 When an acquisition met the definition of a business under GAAP, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed were recorded at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date in our consolidated condensed financial statements. The determination of estimated fair value required management to make significant estimates and assumptions. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the acquired net assets was recorded as goodwill. The results of operations of the acquisition are included in our consolidated condensed financial statements from the date of acquisition. 
 Manufacturing Facility Acquisition 
 Overview of Transaction 
 In May 2024, we acquired all outstanding membership interests of NexPharm Parent HoldCo, LLC and Isopro Holdings, LLC, which together own the assets of a manufacturing site in Pleasant Prairie, Wisconsin, for a purchase price of million, net of cash acquired. The facility is intended to further expand our global parenteral (injectable) product manufacturing network. 
 15 

Goodwill (1) 
 Property and equipment Other assets and liabilities, net ) Acquisition date fair value of consideration transferred Less: Cash acquired ) Cash paid, net of cash acquired 
 (1) The goodwill recognized from this acquisition is primarily attributable to the synergies between the manufacturing capabilities of the site and our products as well as the assembled workforce of the site, which is deductible for tax purposes. 
 The results of operations attributable to this acquisition for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were not material. 
 Pro forma information has not been included as this acquisition did not have a material impact on our consolidated condensed statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 POINT Acquisition 
 Overview of Transaction 
 In December 2023, we acquired all shares of POINT Biopharma Global Inc. (POINT) for a purchase price of per share in cash (or an aggregate of billion, net of cash acquired). POINT has capabilities in radiopharmaceutical discovery, development, and manufacturing efforts, as well as clinical and pre-clinical radioligand therapies in development for the treatment of cancer. 
 Acquired and Liabilities Assumed 
 Our access to POINT information was limited prior to the acquisition. As a consequence, we are in the process of determining fair values and tax bases of a significant portion of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed, including the identification and valuation of intangible assets and tax exposures. The final determination of these amounts will be completed as soon as possible but no later than one year from the acquisition date. The final determination may result in asset and liability fair values and tax bases that differ from the preliminary estimates and require changes to the preliminary amounts recognized. 
 
 Acquired in-process research and development (IPR D) 
 Goodwill (1) 
 Other assets and liabilities, net ) Acquisition date fair value of consideration transferred Less: Cash acquired ) Cash paid, net of cash acquired 
 (1) The goodwill recognized from this acquisition is primarily attributable to the radiopharmaceutical discovery, development, and manufacturing capabilities and the assembled workforce for POINT, which is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 16 

billion and billion for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and billion and billion for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 DICE Therapeutics, Inc. DC-806, an oral IL-17 inhibitor for the treatment of chronic diseases in immunology (2) 
 August 2023 Phase 2 Versanis Bio, Inc. Bimagrumab, a monoclonal antibody for the treatment of people living with obesity and obesity-related complications August 2023 Phase 2 Emergence Therapeutics AG ETx-22, a Nectin-4 antibody-drug conjugate for the treatment of urothelial cancer August 2023 Pre-clinical 
 (1) The phase of development presented is as of the date of the arrangement and represents the phase of development of the most advanced asset acquired, where applicable. 
 (2) In 2024, we discontinued development of this molecule in favor of another molecule in development. 

Note 4: 
 17 

Basaglar Trajenta 
 Olumiant 
 We have a worldwide license and collaboration agreement with Incyte Corporation (Incyte), which provides us the development and commercialization rights to baricitinib, which is branded and trademarked as Olumiant, and certain follow-on compounds, for the treatment of inflammatory and autoimmune diseases and COVID-19. Incyte has the right to receive tiered, double digit royalty payments on worldwide net sales with rates ranging up to percent. Incyte has the right to receive an additional royalty ranging up to the low teens on worldwide net sales for the treatment of COVID-19 that exceed a specified aggregate worldwide net sales threshold. The agreement calls for payments by us to Incyte associated with certain development, success-based regulatory, and sales-based milestones. 
 In connection with the regulatory approvals of Olumiant in the U.S., Europe, and Japan, as well as achievement of a sales-based milestone, milestone payments were capitalized as intangible assets and are being amortized to cost of sales through the term of the collaboration. Net milestones capitalized are not material. As of September 30, 2024, Incyte is eligible to receive up to million of additional payments from us in potential sales-based milestones. 
 We record our sales of Olumiant to third parties as net product revenue with the royalty payments made to Incyte recorded as cost of sales. 
 
 Tyvyt 
 We have a collaboration agreement with Innovent Biologics, Inc. (Innovent) to jointly develop and commercialize sintilimab injection in China, where it is branded and trademarked as Tyvyt. We record our sales of Tyvyt to third parties as net product revenue, with payments made to Innovent for its portion of the gross margin reported as cost of sales. We report as collaboration and other revenue our portion of the gross margin for Tyvyt sales made by Innovent to third parties. 
 
 18 

billion in potential sales-based milestones. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, milestone payments to Roche were not material. 
 We have a license agreement with Almirall, S.A. (Almirall), under which Almirall licensed the rights to develop and commercialize Ebglyss, for the treatment or prevention of dermatology indications, including, but not limited to, atopic dermatitis in Europe. We receive tiered royalty payments on net sales in Europe ranging in percentages from low double digits to low twenties, which we recognize as collaboration and other revenue. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, collaboration and other revenue recognized under this license agreement was not material. As of September 30, 2024, we are eligible to receive additional payments up to billion in a series of sales-based milestones. 
 Orforglipron 
 We have a license agreement with Chugai Pharmaceutical Co., Ltd (Chugai), which provides us with the worldwide development and commercialization rights to orforglipron. Chugai has the right to receive tiered royalty payments on future worldwide net sales from mid-single digits to low teens if the product is successfully commercialized. As of September 30, 2024, Chugai is eligible to receive up to million contingent upon the achievement of success-based regulatory milestones and up to million in a series of sales-based milestones, contingent upon the commercial success of orforglipron. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, milestone payments to Chugai were not material. 
 Olanzapine Portfolio (including Zyprexa) 
 In July 2023, we sold the rights for the olanzapine portfolio, including Zyprexa, to Cheplapharm Arzneimittel GmbH (Cheplapharm), a European company. Under the terms of the agreement, we received billion in cash upon closing and an additional million in cash upon the one-year anniversary of closing. We included both in the transaction price as of September 30, 2023. 
 We entered into a supply agreement with Cheplapharm that obligates Cheplapharm to purchase Zyprexa product we are manufacturing at an amount which represents a standalone selling price. As the product we are manufacturing under this supply agreement has no alternative use to us and we have right to payment, we recognize net product revenue over time as we manufacture the product. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized billion in revenue primarily related to the net gain on the sale of rights for the olanzapine portfolio. 
 Baqsimi 
 In June 2023, we sold the rights for Baqsimi to Amphastar Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Amphastar). Under the terms of the agreement, we received million in cash upon closing and an additional million in cash upon the one-year anniversary of closing. We included both in the transaction price as of September 30, 2023. We are eligible to receive payments of up to million in a series of sales-based milestones that have not been included in the transaction price as of September 30, 2024. 
 We entered into a supply agreement with Amphastar that obligates Amphastar to purchase Baqsimi product we are manufacturing at an amount which represents a standalone selling price. As the product we are manufacturing under this supply agreement has no alternative use to us and we have right to payment, we recognize net product revenue over time as we manufacture the product. 
 million in revenue primarily related to the net gain on the sale of rights for Baqsimi. 
 
 19 

Note 5: 
 million, which primarily related to impairment of an intangible asset in development driven by expected commercial projections. Asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were million, which primarily related to litigation charges and the previously mentioned impairment. See Note 10 for additional information related to the litigation charges. 
 There were asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Note 6: 
 Work in process Raw materials and supplies Total (approximates replacement cost) Increase to last-in, first-out (LIFO) cost 
 Inventories 

Note 7: 
 Adjustments recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were not material. 
 The net gains (losses) recognized in our consolidated condensed statements of operations for equity securities were million and ) million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and ) million and ) million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The net gains (losses) recognized for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 on equity securities sold during the respective periods were not material. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately million of unfunded commitments to invest in venture capital funds, which we anticipate will be paid over a period of up to years. 
 20 

Impairment and credit losses related to available-for-sale securities were not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Unrealized gross losses Fair value of securities in an unrealized gain position Fair value of securities in an unrealized loss position 
 As of September 30, 2024, the available-for-sale securities in an unrealized loss position include primarily fixed-rate debt securities of varying maturities, which are sensitive to changes in the yield curve and other market conditions. Substantially all of the fixed-rate debt securities in a loss position are investment-grade debt securities. As of September 30, 2024, we do not intend to sell, and it is not more likely than not that we will be required to sell, the securities in a loss position before the market values recover or the underlying cash flows have been received, and there is no indication of a material default on interest or principal payments for our debt securities. 
 Realized gains and losses on sales of available-for-sale investments are computed based upon specific identification of the initial cost adjusted for any other-than-temporary declines in fair value that were recorded in earnings and were not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Proceeds from sales of available-for-sale investments were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 21 

Short-term investments: U.S. government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Other securities Short-term investments Noncurrent investments: U.S. government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Other securities Marketable equity securities Equity investments without readily determinable fair values (3) 
 Equity method investments (3) 
 Noncurrent investments December 31, 2023 Cash equivalents (2) 
 Short-term investments: U.S. government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Other securities Short-term investments Noncurrent investments: U.S. government and agency securities Corporate debt securities Mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Other securities Marketable equity securities Equity investments without readily determinable fair values (3) 
 Equity method investments (3) 
 Noncurrent investments 
 (1) For available-for-sale debt securities, amounts disclosed represent the securities' amortized cost. 
 (2) We consider all highly liquid investments with a maturity of three months or less from the date of purchase to be cash equivalents. The cost of these investments approximates fair value. 
 (3) Fair value disclosures are not applicable for equity method investments and investments accounted for under the measurement alternative for equity investments. 
 22 

million of percent fixed-rate notes due in 2027, billion of percent fixed-rate notes due in 2029, billion of percent fixed-rate notes due in 2034, billion of percent fixed rate notes due in 2054, and million of percent fixed-rate notes due in 2064, all with interest to be paid semi-annually. We used a portion of the net cash proceeds from the offering of billion to fund the acquisition of Morphic and related fees and expenses, with any remaining funds used for general business purposes, including the repayment of outstanding commercial paper. 
 In February 2024, we issued billion of percent fixed-rate notes due in 2027, billion of percent fixed-rate notes due in 2029, billion of percent fixed-rate notes due in 2034, billion of percent fixed-rate notes due in 2054, and billion of percent fixed-rate notes due in 2064, all with interest to be paid semi-annually. We used, or may be using, the net cash proceeds from the offering of billion for general business purposes, including the repayment of outstanding commercial paper, repayment of current maturities of long-term debt, and repayment of the million of percent fixed-rate notes due in 2026. 
 In February 2023, we issued million of percent fixed-rate notes due in 2026, billion of percent fixed-rate notes due in 2033, billion of percent fixed-rate notes due in 2053, and billion of percent fixed-rate notes due in 2063, all with interest to be paid semi-annually. We used the net cash proceeds from the offering of billion for general business purposes, including the repayment of outstanding commercial paper. 
 In September 2024, we renewed our credit facility and increased capacity to billion, which will expire in September 2025 and is available to support our commercial paper program. We have not drawn against the billion facility as of September 30, 2024. 
 In September 2024, we extended our billion multi-year credit facility, which will now expire in December 2028 and is available to support our commercial paper program. We have not drawn against the billion multi-year facility as of September 30, 2024. 
 Fair Value of Debt) ) ) December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Long-term debt, including current portion September 30, 2024 ) ) ) December 31, 2023 ) ) ) 
 23 

million and million of accounts receivable as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, under these factoring arrangements. The costs of factoring such accounts receivable as well as estimated credit losses were not material for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Our derivative activities are initiated within the guidelines of documented corporate risk-management policies and are intended to offset losses and gains on the assets, liabilities, and transactions being hedged. Management reviews the correlation and effectiveness of our derivatives on a quarterly basis. 
 Forward contracts generally have maturities not exceeding months. days: 
 U.S. dollars U.S. dollars Euro U.S. dollars Japanese yen British pounds U.S. dollars 
 24 

billion and billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, of which billion and billion have been designated as, and are effective as, economic hedges of net investments in certain of our foreign operations as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024, we had outstanding cross-currency swaps with notional amounts of million swapping U.S. dollars to euro and million swapping Swiss francs to U.S. dollars which have settlement dates ranging through 2028. Our cross-currency interest rate swaps, for which a significant amount convert a portion of our U.S. dollar-denominated fixed-rate debt to foreign-denominated fixed-rate debt, have also been designated as, and are effective as, economic hedges of net investments. At September 30, 2024, we had outstanding foreign currency forward contracts to sell billion euro and to sell billion Chinese yuan with settlement dates ranging through 2025, which have been designated as, and are effective as, economic hedges of net investments. 
 At September 30, 2024, all of our total long-term debt is at a fixed rate. We have converted approximately percent of our long-term fixed-rate notes to floating rates through the use of interest rate swaps. 
 The Effect of Risk-Management Instruments on the Consolidated Condensed Statements of Operations 
 ) ) Effect from interest rate contracts ) ) Cash flow hedges: Effective portion of losses on interest rate contracts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Cross-currency interest rate swaps ) ) Net (gains) losses on foreign currency exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments ) Total ) 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amortization of losses related to the portion of our risk management hedging instruments, fair value hedges, and cash flow hedges that was excluded from the assessment of effectiveness was not material. 
 25 

) Cross-currency interest rate swaps ) ) Foreign currency forward contracts ) ) Cash flow hedges: Forward-starting interest rate swaps ) Cross-currency interest rate swaps ) 
 During the next 12 months, we expect to reclassify million of pretax net losses on cash flow hedges from accumulated other comprehensive loss to other net, (income) expense. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness recognized in other comprehensive income (loss) were not material. 
 Fair Value of Risk-Management Instruments) ) ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) Cross-currency interest rate contracts designated as net investment hedges: Other current liabilities ) ) ) Cross-currency interest rate contracts designated as cash flow hedges: Other noncurrent assets Foreign exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges: Other current liabilities ) ) ) Foreign exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments: Other receivables Other current liabilities ) ) ) Contingent consideration liabilities: Other noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) 
 26 

) ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) Interest rate contracts designated as cash flow hedges: Other noncurrent assets Cross-currency interest rate contracts designated as net investment hedges: Other current liabilities ) ) ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) Cross-currency interest rate contracts designated as cash flow hedges: Other receivables Other noncurrent assets Foreign exchange contracts designated as hedging instruments: Other current liabilities ) ) ) Foreign exchange contracts not designated as hedging instruments: Other receivables Other current liabilities ) ) ) Contingent consideration liabilities: Other current liabilities ) ) ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) ) ) 
 
 Risk-management instruments above are disclosed on a gross basis. There are various rights of setoff associated with certain of the risk-management instruments above that are subject to enforceable master netting arrangements or similar agreements. Although various rights of setoff and master netting arrangements or similar agreements may exist with the individual counterparties to the risk-management instruments above, individually, these financial rights are not material. 
 Contingent consideration liabilities relate to our liabilities arising in connection with the contingent value rights (CVRs) issued as a result of acquisitions of businesses. The fair values of the CVR liabilities were estimated using a discounted cash flow analysis and Level 3 inputs, including projections representative of a market participant's view of the expected cash payments associated with the agreed upon regulatory milestones based on probabilities of technical success, timing of the potential milestone events for the compounds, and estimated discount rates. 

Note 8: 
 percent and percent for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and percent and percent for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, primarily driven by unfavorable tax impacts of non-deductible acquired IPR D charges, with a larger impact occurring in 2023. 
 The U.S. examination of tax years 2016-2018 began in 2019 and remains ongoing. The Internal Revenue Service commenced its examination of tax years 2019-2021 during the third quarter of 2023. The resolution of both audit periods will likely extend beyond the next 12 months. 
 
 27 

Note 9: 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service cost Recognized actuarial loss Net periodic cost 
 Retiree Health Benefit Plans Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Components of net periodic benefit: Service cost Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service benefit ) ) ) ) Recognized actuarial gain ) ) ) ) Net periodic benefit ) ) ) ) 

Note 10: 
 
 28 

different Teva patents are infringed by our launch and continued sales of Emgality for the prevention of migraine in adults. 
 Following a trial, in November 2022, a jury returned a verdict in favor of Teva. In September 2023, the court granted our motion to overrule the jury verdict and found all asserted claims of the patents invalid. Teva has appealed the decision. This matter is ongoing. 
 Environmental Proceedings 
 Under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act, commonly known as "Superfund," we have been designated as one of several potentially responsible parties with respect to the cleanup of fewer than 10 sites. Under Superfund, each responsible party may be jointly and severally liable for the entire amount of the cleanup. 
 Other Matters 
 Actos Litigation 
 We, along with Takeda Chemical Industries, Ltd. and Takeda affiliates (collectively, Takeda), are named in a third party payer class action in the U.S. District Court for the Central District of California. Plaintiffs claim that they and similarly situated class members are entitled to recover money paid for or to reimburse Actos prescriptions because of alleged concealment of bladder cancer risk. Our agreement with Takeda calls for Takeda to defend and indemnify us against our losses and expenses with respect to U.S. litigation arising out of the manufacture, use, or sale of Actos and other related expenses in accordance with the terms of the agreement. In August 2023, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit granted our and Takeda's petition for permission to appeal the class certification order, the appeal has been fully briefed, and oral argument is scheduled for November 2024. This matter is ongoing. 
 Mounjaro and Trulicity Product Liability Litigation 
 Since August 2023, we, along with Novo Nordisk A/S (Novo) and other related Novo entities, have been named in numerous lawsuits by plaintiffs alleging injuries following purported use of incretin medicines. Certain complaints name us and allege injuries that plaintiffs claim are associated with the use of Mounjaro and/or Trulicity. Lawsuits in U.S. federal courts have generally been coordinated and/or consolidated for pretrial proceedings in a federal multidistrict litigation pending in the U.S. District Court for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania. There are also cases pending in various U.S. state courts, as well as a class action petition filed in Israel. These matters are ongoing. 
 340B Litigation and Investigations 
 We are the plaintiff in a lawsuit filed in January 2021 in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Indiana against the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), the Secretary of HHS, the Health Resources and Services Administration (HRSA), and the Administrator of HRSA. The lawsuit challenges HHS's December 30, 2020 advisory opinion stating that drug manufacturers are required to deliver discounts under the 340B program to all contract pharmacies and HHS's Administrative Dispute Resolution (ADR) regulations. We seek a declaratory judgment that the defendants violated the Administrative Procedure Act and the U.S. Constitution, a preliminary injunction enjoining implementation of the ADR process created by defendants and, with it, their application of the advisory opinion, and other related relief. In March 2021, the court entered an order preliminarily enjoining the government's enforcement of the ADR process against us. In May 2021, HRSA sent us an enforcement letter notifying us that it determined that our policy was contrary to the 340B statute. In response, in May 2021, we amended our complaint to bring claims related to HRSA's determination. In June 2021, the defendants withdrew the HHS December 30, 2020 advisory opinion. In July 2021, the court held oral argument on the parties' cross motions for summary judgment and the defendants' motion to dismiss. In October 2021, the court denied the defendants' motion to dismiss, and granted in part and denied in part the parties' cross motions for summary judgment. Both parties filed notices of appeal related to the court's summary judgment order. In October 2022, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Seventh Circuit held oral argument. This matter is ongoing. 
 29 

million Brazilian reais, which, when adjusted for inflation, is approximately billion Brazilian reais (approximately million as of September 30, 2024). In August 2019, Lilly Brasil appealed to the superior labor court (TST) and in June 2021, the majority of the elements of Lilly Brasil's appeal were admitted; elements not proceeding are subject to an interlocutory appeal to the TST that was filed in June 2021. Mediation hearings are ongoing. 
 In July 2019, at the LPA's request, the trial Court ordered a freeze of Lilly Brasil s immovable property in the amount of million Brazilian reais, which was reduced on Lilly Brasil's appeal and, when adjusted for inflation, is approximately million Brazilian reais (approximately million as of September 30, 2024). The parties appealed to the TST, which appeal is under review. The trial Court is currently assessing the status of Lilly Brasil s compliance with the obligations as to the land and an inspection in the industrial plant occurred in October 2023. These matters are ongoing. 
 Individual Former Employee Litigation 
 Lilly Brasil is also named in various pending lawsuits filed in the trial Court by individual former employees making related claims. These individual lawsuits are at various stages in the litigation process. 
 Puerto Rico Tax Matter 
 In May 2013, the Municipality of Carolina in Puerto Rico (Municipality) filed a lawsuit against us alleging noncompliance with respect to a contract with the Municipality and seeking a declaratory judgment. In December 2020, the Puerto Rico Appellate Court (AP) reversed the summary judgment previously granted by the Court of First Instance (CFI) in our favor dismissing the Municipality's complaint in its entirety. The AP remanded the case to the CFI for trial on the merits. The trial began in May 2022; however, the Municipality filed a new motion requesting the CFI to execute an alleged judgment. The request was denied by the CFI in our favor and the Municipality filed for revision at the AP, which we opposed, staying the case. The AP denied the Municipality's motion for revision. Trial resumed in October 2024 and this matter is ongoing. 
 30 

31 

Note 11:) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Net amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (Amounts presented net of taxes) Foreign Currency Translation Gains (Losses) Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Available-For-Sale Securities Defined Benefit Pension and Retiree Health Benefit Plans Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Cash Flow Hedges Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Balance at July 1, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Net amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) 
 32 

) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Net amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (Amounts presented net of taxes) Foreign Currency Translation Gains (Losses) Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Available-For-Sale Securities Defined Benefit Pension and Retiree Health Benefit Plans Net Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Cash Flow Hedges Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Balance at January 1, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Net amount reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Net other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) ) 
 The tax effects on the net activity related to each component of other comprehensive income (loss) were as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Tax benefit (expense) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Foreign currency translation gains/losses ) ) Net unrealized gains/losses on available-for-sale securities ) ) Defined benefit pension and retiree health benefit plans ) ) ) ) Net unrealized gains/losses on cash flow hedges ) ) ) Benefit (expense) for income taxes allocated to other comprehensive income (loss) items ) ) 
 Except for the tax effects of foreign currency translation gains and losses related to our foreign currency-denominated notes, cross-currency interest rate swaps, and other foreign currency exchange contracts designated as net investment hedges (see Note 7), income taxes were not provided for foreign currency translation. Generally, the assets and liabilities of foreign operations are translated into U.S. dollars using the current exchange rate. For those operations, changes in exchange rates generally do not affect cash flows; therefore, resulting translation adjustments are made in shareholders' equity rather than in the consolidated condensed statements of operations. 
 33 

) ) ) Other net, (income) expense Actuarial losses, net Other net, (income) expense Total before tax Tax benefit ) ) ) ) Income taxes Net of tax Other, net of tax 
 ) Other net, (income) expense Total reclassifications, net of tax 

Note 12: 
 Interest income ) ) ) ) Net investment (gains) losses on equity securities (Note 7) ) Retirement benefit plans ) ) ) ) Other (income) expense ) Other net, (income) expense ) 
 34 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition 

Tables present dollars in millions, except per-share data) 
 General 
 Management's discussion and analysis of results of operations and financial condition is intended to assist the reader in understanding and assessing significant changes and trends related to our results of operations and financial position. This discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the consolidated condensed financial statements and accompanying footnotes in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Certain statements in this Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q constitute forward-looking statements. Various risks and uncertainties, including those discussed in "Forward-Looking Statements" in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, may cause our actual results, financial position, and cash generated from operations to differ from these forward-looking statements. 
 EXECUTIVE OVERVIEW 
 This section provides an overview of our financial results, late-stage pipeline developments, and other matters affecting our company and industry. 
 Financial Results 
 The following table summarizes certain financial information: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue 11,439.1 9,498.6 20 31,509.9 24,770.7 27 Net income (loss) 970.3 (57.4) NM 6,180.2 3,050.7 NM Earnings (loss) per share - diluted 1.07 (0.06) NM 6.83 3.38 NM 
 NM - not meaningful 
 Revenue increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 driven by increased volume and higher realized prices. The increase in revenue during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily driven by increased sales of Mounjaro , Zepbound , and Verzenio , partially offset by declines in Trulicity and the 2023 sale of rights for the olanzapine portfolio, including Zyprexa . 
 Net income and earnings per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased primarily due to higher gross margin, partially offset by increased research and development expenses, marketing, selling, and administrative expenses, and asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges. 
 See "Results of Operations" for additional information. 
 35 

Late-Stage Pipeline 
 Our long-term success depends on our ability to continually discover or acquire, develop, and commercialize innovative new medicines. We currently have approximately 50 new medicine candidates in clinical development or under regulatory review, and a larger number of projects in the discovery phase. 
 The following select new molecular entities (NMEs) and new indication line extension (NILEX) products are currently in Phase 2 or Phase 3 clinical trials or have been submitted for regulatory review or have recently received regulatory approval in the United States (U.S.), European Union (EU), or Japan. The table reflects the status of these NMEs and NILEX products, including certain other developments since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Compound Indication/Study 
 Status Developments Cardiometabolic Health 
 Tirzepatide (Mounjaro, Zepbound) 
 Obesity Approved Approved in the U.S. and the EU in 2023. Submitted in Japan in 2024. Phase 3 trials are ongoing. 
 Obstructive sleep apnea (OSA) 
 Submitted Submitted in the U.S. and the EU in 2024. Granted U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Fast Track designation (1) . Granted FDA Breakthrough Therapy (2) designation in 2024. 
 Cardiovascular outcomes in type 2 diabetes 
 Phase 3 Phase 3 trial is ongoing. Heart failure with preserved ejection fraction Phase 3 Announced in 2024 that Phase 3 trial met all primary and key secondary endpoints. 
 Morbidity and mortality in obesity 
 Phase 3 Phase 3 trial is ongoing. Higher doses 
 Phase 2 Phase 2 trial is ongoing. Metabolic dysfunction-associated steatohepatitis 
 Phase 2 Announced in 2024 that Phase 2 trial met its primary endpoint. 
 Insulin Efsitora Alfa Type 1 and type 2 diabetes Phase 3 Announced in 2024 that five Phase 3 trials met primary endpoints. 
 Lepodisiran Atherosclerotic cardiovascular disease 
 Phase 3 Phase 3 trial initiated in 2024. 
 Orforglipron Obesity Phase 3 Phase 3 trials are ongoing. Type 2 diabetes Phase 3 Phase 3 trials are ongoing. Retatrutide Cardiovascular / renal outcomes 
 Phase 3 Phase 3 trials initiated in 2024. 
 Obesity, osteoarthritis, OSA 
 Phase 3 Phase 3 trials are ongoing. Type 2 diabetes Phase 3 Phase 3 trials initiated in 2024. 
 Bimagrumab Obesity Phase 2 Phase 2 trial is ongoing. Eloralintide Obesity Phase 2 Phase 2 trial initiated in 2024. Mazdutide Obesity Phase 2 Phase 2 trial is ongoing. Muvalaplin Cardiovascular disease Phase 2 Phase 2 trial is ongoing. Solbinsiran Cardiovascular disease Phase 2 Phase 2 trial is ongoing. Volenrelaxin Heart failure Phase 2 Phase 2 trial is ongoing. 
 36 

Compound Indication/Study 
 Status Developments Immunology Lebrikizumab (3) 
 (Ebglyss TM 
 Atopic dermatitis Approved Approved in the U.S. and Japan in 2024 and in the EU in 2023. Phase 3 trials are ongoing. AR (perennial allergens) 
 Phase 3 Phase 3 trial initiated in 2024. CRSwNP 
 Phase 3 Phase 3 trial initiated in 2024. Mirikizumab Crohn's Disease Submitted Submitted in the U.S., the EU, and Japan in 2024. Phase 3 trials are ongoing. CD19 Antibody 
 Multiple sclerosis 
 Phase 2 Phase 2 trial initiated in 2024. 
 DC-853 
 Psoriasis 
 Phase 2 
 Phase 2 trial initiated in 2024. 
 Eltrekibart Hidradenitis suppurativa Phase 2 Phase 2 trial is ongoing. 
 KV1.3 Antagonist 
 Psoriasis Phase 2 Phase 2 trial initiated in 2024. MORF-057 Crohn's Disease Phase 2 Acquired in the acquisition of Morphic Holding, Inc. (Morphic) in 2024. Phase 2 trials are ongoing. Ulcerative colitis Phase 2 Ocadusertib Rheumatoid arthritis Phase 2 Phase 2 trial is ongoing. Ucenprubart Atopic dermatitis Phase 2 Phase 2 trial is ongoing. DC-806 Psoriasis Discontinued In 2024, discontinued Phase 2 development of this molecule in favor of another molecule in development. Peresolimab Rheumatoid arthritis Discontinued In 2024, Phase 2 trial was discontinued due to overall benefit/risk profile. Neuroscience Donanemab (Kisunla TM 
 Early Alzheimer's disease Approved Approved in the U.S. and Japan in 2024. Submitted in the EU in 2023. Announced in 2024 that a Phase 3 trial met the primary endpoint. Phase 3 trials are ongoing. Preclinical Alzheimer's disease Phase 3 Phase 3 trial is ongoing. Remternetug Early Alzheimer's disease Phase 3 Phase 3 trial is ongoing. Epiregulin Ab Pain Phase 2 Phase 2 trial initiated in 2024. GBA1 Gene Therapy Gaucher disease Type 1 Phase 2 Phase 2 trial is ongoing. Parkinson's disease Phase 2 Granted FDA Fast Track designation (1) . Phase 2 trial is ongoing. 
 GRN Gene Therapy Frontotemporal dementia Phase 2 Granted FDA Fast Track designation (1) . Phase 2 trial is ongoing. 
 Mazisotine Pain Phase 2 Phase 2 trials are ongoing. O-GlcNAcase Inh 
 Alzheimer's disease Phase 2 
 Phase 2 trial was completed in 2024. 
 OTOF Gene Therapy 
 Hearing loss 
 Phase 2 Phase 2 trial initiated in 2024. 
 P2X7 Inhibitor Pain Phase 2 Phase 2 trials were completed in 2023. 
 
 37 

Compound Indication/Study 
 Status Developments Oncology Pirtobrutinib 
 (Jaypirca 
 Chronic lymphocytic leukemia Approved (4) 
 FDA granted accelerated approval (4) in the U.S. in 2023. Phase 3 trials are ongoing. 
 Mantle cell lymphoma Approved (4) 
 FDA granted accelerated approval (4) in the U.S. in 2023. Approved in the EU in 2023 and in Japan in 2024. Phase 3 trial is ongoing. 
 Imlunestrant Adjuvant breast cancer Phase 3 Phase 3 trial is ongoing. ER+HER2- metastatic breast cancer Phase 3 Announced in 2024 that a Phase 3 trial was positive. Olomorasib 1L KRAS G12C+ NSCLC 
 Phase 3 Phase 3 trial initiated in 2024. 
 
 (1) Fast Track designation is designed to facilitate the development and expedite the review of medicines to treat serious conditions and fill an unmet medical need. 
 (2) Breakthrough Therapy designation is designed to expedite the development and review of potential medicines that are intended to treat a serious condition where preliminary clinical evidence indicates that the treatment may demonstrate substantial improvement over available therapy on a clinically significant endpoint. 
 (3) In collaboration with Almirall, S.A. in Europe. 
 (4) Continued approval may be contingent on verification and description of clinical benefit in confirmatory Phase 3 trials. 
 
 Other Matters 
 Patent Matters 
 We depend on patents or other forms of intellectual property protection for most of our revenue, cash flows, and earnings. 
 See Note 10 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for a description of legal proceedings currently pending regarding certain of our patents and "Business Patents, Trademarks, and Other Intellectual Property Rights" in Part I, Item 1 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for a discussion of the impacts of trends involving intellectual property on our business and results. 
 Trends Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access and Certain Other Regulatory Developments 
 Reforms, including those that may stem from political initiatives, periods of uneven economic growth or downturns, or as a result of inflation or deflation, the emergence or escalation of, and responses to, international tension and conflicts, or government budgeting priorities, are expected to continue to result in added pressure on pricing and reimbursement for our products. 
 
 Global concern over access to, and affordability of, pharmaceutical products continues to drive regulatory and legislative debate and action, as well as cost containment efforts by governmental authorities. Such measures include the use of mandated discounts, price reporting requirements, mandated reference prices, restrictive formularies, changes to available intellectual property protections, as well as other efforts. In 2022, the U.S. government enacted the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (IRA). Among other measures, the IRA requires the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) to effectively set prices for certain single-source drugs and biologics reimbursed under Medicare Part B and Part D. Generally, these government prices apply nine years (for medicines approved under a New Drug Application) or thirteen years (for medicines approved under a Biologics License Application) following initial FDA approval and are set at a price that generally represents a significant discount from existing prices to wholesalers and direct purchasers. While the law specifies a ceiling price, it does not set a minimum or floor price. In August 2023, HHS selected Jardiance , which is part of our collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim, as one of the first ten medicines subject to government-set prices effective in 2026. In August 2024, HHS announced the government-set prices for these medicines with Jardiance subject to a 66 discount compared to 2023 U.S. calendar year list pricing for a 30-day supply and discounts for the other nine medicines selected by HHS ranging from approximately 38 to 79 . Given our product portfolio, we expect additional significant products will be selected in future years, which would have the effect of accelerating revenue erosion prior to expiry of exclusivities. The effect of reducing prices and reimbursement for certain of our products could significantly impact our business and consolidated results of operations. 
 
 38 

Other IRA provisions require drug manufacturers to provide rebates for Medicare Part B and Part D medicines under certain circumstances. Also, on January 1, 2025, the Part D benefit redesign will replace the Part D Coverage Gap Discount Program with a new manufacturer discount program. Manufacturers that fail to comply with the IRA may be subject to various penalties, including civil monetary penalties, which could be significant. 
 
 The IRA has, and will continue to, meaningfully influence our business strategies and those of our competitors. In particular, the nine-year timeline to set prices for medicines approved under a New Drug Application reduces the attractiveness of investment in small molecule innovation. The IRA can cause changes to development approach and timing and investments at-risk. The full impact of the IRA on our business and the pharmaceutical industry, including the implications to us of a competitor's product being selected for price setting, remains uncertain. 
 
 Additional policies, regulations, legislation, or enforcement, including those proposed or pursued by the U.S. Congress, the U.S. executive branch, and regulatory authorities worldwide, could adversely impact our business and consolidated results of operations. For example, the U.S. House of Representatives recently passed the BIOSECURE Act, which is under consideration in the U.S. Senate. This legislation, if passed, could affect elements of the pharmaceutical supply chain; although as currently drafted we do not anticipate the bill would have a material impact on our business. 
 
 Consolidation and integration of private payers and pharmacy benefit managers in the U.S. has also significantly impacted the market for pharmaceuticals by increasing payer leverage in negotiating manufacturer price or rebate concessions and pharmacy reimbursement rates. Furthermore, restrictive or unfavorable pricing, coverage, or reimbursement determinations for our medicines or product candidates by governments, regulatory agencies, courts, or private payers may adversely impact our business and consolidated results of operations. We expect that these actions may intensify and could particularly affect certain products, which could adversely affect our business. In addition, we are engaged in litigation and investigations related to the 340B program, access to insulin, pricing, product safety, and other matters that, if resolved adversely to us, could negatively impact our business and consolidated results of operations. It is not currently possible to predict the overall potential adverse impact to us or the general pharmaceutical industry of continued cost containment efforts worldwide. 
 
 In addition, regulatory issues concerning compliance with current Good Manufacturing Practices, quality assurance, safety signals, evolving standards, and increased scrutiny around excipients and potential impurities such as nitrosamines, and similar regulations and standards (and comparable foreign regulations and standards) for our products in some cases lead to regulatory and legal actions, product recalls and seizures, fines and penalties, interruption of production leading to product shortages, import bans or denials of import certifications, inability to realize the benefit of capital expenditures, or delays or denials in new product approvals, line extensions or supplemental approvals of current products pending resolution of the issues, or other negative impacts, any of which result in reputational harm or adversely affect our business. Moreover, increased focus on business combinations across industries and jurisdictions can lead to impediments to the completion of business combinations. 
 See "Business Regulations and Private Payer Actions Affecting Pharmaceutical Pricing, Reimbursement, and Access" in Part I, Item 1 and "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. See also Note 10 to the consolidated condensed financial statements. 
 Incretin Medicines 
 In prior periods, demand for our incretin medicines exceeded production. Supply and channel dynamics have also contributed to variability in quarter-over-quarter revenue growth rates for tirzepatide. Based on our forecast, we project that tirzepatide supply will meet near-term demand in the U.S. Supply considerations will continue to influence the timing of tirzepatide launches in new markets, and in the near-term, we expect overall worldwide sales growth for tirzepatide to generally be a function of the quantity we can produce and ship. Demand remains dynamic, and increases or changes in demand, by dose or overall, as well as the complex supply chain, may result in periodic unavailability of certain presentations and dose levels at certain locations even when total tirzepatide supply can meet demand. We continue to expand manufacturing capacity and progress efforts to bring tirzepatide to patients via different delivery presentations, such as single-use vials and multi-use pens. Production increases will continue, and additional capacity is expected to be operational over the next several years. 
 We have seen an increase in the production, marketing, and sale of counterfeit, fake, and compounded incretins. These practices threaten patient safety and undermine regulatory drug approval processes. Lilly will continue to consider all options, including filing lawsuits where appropriate, to address unlawful practices and the patient safety risks of unapproved, untested, and manipulated drugs. 
 39 

Tax Matters 
 We are subject to income taxes and various other taxes in the U.S. and in many foreign jurisdictions; therefore, changes in both domestic and international tax laws or regulations have affected and may affect our effective tax rate, results of operations, and cash flows. The U.S. and countries around the world are actively proposing and enacting tax law changes. Further, actions taken with respect to tax-related matters by associations such as the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) and the European Commission could influence tax laws in countries in which we operate. Tax authorities in the U.S. and other jurisdictions in which we do business routinely examine our tax returns and are expected to increase their scrutiny of cross-border tax issues. Changes to existing U.S. and foreign tax laws and increased scrutiny by tax authorities in the U.S. and other jurisdictions could adversely impact our future consolidated results of operations and cash flows. 
 In response to the OECD/G20 Inclusive Framework on Base Erosion and Profit Shifting (Framework), which set forth a two-pillar solution to reform the international tax framework, and the EU's adoption of Directive 2022/2523 (known as "Pillar Two") (Directive) within the EU to implement the Framework, multiple countries, both within and outside of the EU, have enacted legislation that provides for a minimum level of taxation of multinational companies. The Directive required EU member states to enact legislation effective for years beginning on or after December 31, 2023. For certain provisions within the Framework, the OECD published guidance during 2023 that extends the effective dates for enactment. While we expect an increase in future years tax expense as a result of the global minimum tax, we do not anticipate a material impact to our 2024 consolidated results of operations. Our assessment of the impact for 2024 and subsequent years could be affected by legislative guidance, future enactment of additional provisions within the Pillar Two framework, and U.S. tax changes scheduled to occur in 2026 as part of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (2017 Tax Act). 
 A bipartisan tax bill, the Tax Relief for American Families and Workers Act, was passed by the U.S. House of Representatives in January 2024. The bill contains certain business tax provisions including the retroactive repeal for 2022 and 2023 and deferral of the requirement to capitalize U.S. research and development expenses for tax purposes that was a provision enacted in the 2017 Tax Act. Uncertainty exists as to whether the bill will be enacted into law as the bill did not receive enough votes to pass the U.S. Senate in August 2024; however, if the bill is enacted as currently drafted, we would expect our effective tax rate for 2024 to be moderately higher, and a net discrete tax detriment in the quarter of enactment related to 2022 and 2023. In addition, we would expect a decrease in cash tax payments. 
 Acquisitions 
 We invest in external research and technologies and manufacturing capabilities that we believe complement and strengthen our own efforts. These investments can take many forms, including acquisitions, collaborations, investments, and licensing arrangements. We view our business development activity as a way to enhance or refine our pipeline and strengthen our business. 
 See Note 3 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for further discussion regarding our recent acquisitions. 
 Foreign Currency Exchange Rates 
 As a global company, we face foreign currency risk exposure from fluctuating currency exchange rates, primarily the U.S. dollar against the euro, Japanese yen, and Chinese yuan. While we seek to manage a portion of these exposures through hedging and other risk management techniques, significant fluctuations in currency rates can have a material impact, either positive or negative, on our consolidated results of operations in any given period. There is uncertainty in the future movements in foreign currency exchange rates, and fluctuations in these rates have and could adversely impact our consolidated results of operations and cash flows. 
 Other Factors 
 Other factors have had, and may continue to have, an impact on our consolidated results of operations. These factors include cost and wage inflation, supply chain and labor market complexities, international tension and conflicts, uneven economic growth or downturns or uncertainty, and an increase in overall demand in our industry for certain products and materials. 
 See "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for additional information on risk factors that could impact our business and operations. 
 40 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Revenue 
 The following table summarizes our revenue activity by region: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 U.S. 7,813.6 5,368.1 46 21,343.2 15,335.6 39 Outside U.S. 3,625.5 4,130.5 (12) 10,166.7 9,435.0 8 Revenue 11,439.1 9,498.6 20 31,509.9 24,770.7 27 
 Numbers may not add due to rounding. 
 
 The following are components of the change in revenue compared with the prior year: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. 2023 2024 vs. 2023 U.S. Outside U.S. Consolidated U.S. Outside U.S. Consolidated Volume 35 (10) 15 26 10 19 Price 11 6 14 8 Foreign exchange rates (1) (1) (1) (1) Percent change 46 (12) 20 39 8 27 
 Numbers may not add due to rounding. 
 In the U.S. for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the increase in volume was primarily driven by Zepbound and Mounjaro, partially offset by declines in Trulicity. Following higher wholesaler inventory levels at the end of the second quarter of 2024, Mounjaro and Zepbound sales in the U.S. for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were negatively impacted by inventory decreases in the wholesaler channel. We estimate this impacted sales of Mounjaro and Zepbound in the U.S. for the third quarter of 2024 by mid-single digits as a percent of aggregate U.S. sales of these products. 
 In the U.S. for the three months ended September 30, 2024, the higher realized prices were primarily driven by Humalog , Verzenio and Trulicity. In the U.S. for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the higher realized prices were also positively impacted by the access and savings card dynamics related to Mounjaro, as the 25 non-covered benefit expired on June 30, 2023. 
 Outside the U.S. for the three months ended September 30, 2024, the decrease in volume was driven by the sale of rights for the olanzapine portfolio, including Zyprexa, in the third quarter of 2023, partially offset by the increase in volume by Mounjaro and Verzenio. Outside the U.S. for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the increase in volume was primarily driven by Mounjaro and Verzenio, partially offset by the 2023 sale of rights for the olanzapine portfolio. 
 41 

The following table summarizes our revenue, including net product revenue and collaboration and other revenue, by product for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 2024 2023 U.S. Outside U.S. Total Total Mounjaro 2,384.7 728.0 3,112.7 1,409.3 NM Verzenio 
 878.8 490.4 1,369.3 1,040.2 32 Trulicity 
 935.3 366.0 1,301.4 1,673.6 (22) Zepbound 1,257.8 1,257.8 NM Taltz 
 600.3 279.3 879.6 744.2 18 Jardiance (1) 
 335.9 350.5 686.4 700.8 (2) Humalog (2) 
 323.9 210.8 534.6 395.4 35 Olumiant 
 68.9 181.8 250.8 231.4 8 Cyramza 
 106.5 129.4 236.0 224.1 5 Humulin 
 149.9 57.1 207.1 206.7 Emgality 
 141.3 61.6 202.9 168.5 20 Basaglar (3) 
 85.5 76.2 161.6 179.6 (10) Erbitux 
 133.2 18.7 152.0 153.9 (1) Tyvyt 
 150.2 150.2 115.1 30 Forteo 
 71.7 46.4 118.1 146.4 (19) Cialis 
 4.2 87.3 91.5 86.8 5 Zyprexa (4) 
 1.9 29.8 31.7 1,481.4 (98) Baqsimi 
 8.2 5.1 13.4 13.1 2 Other products 325.6 356.9 682.0 528.1 29 Revenue 7,813.6 3,625.5 11,439.1 9,498.6 20 
 Numbers may not add due to rounding. 
 NM - not meaningful 
 (1) Jardiance revenue includes Glyxambi , Synjardy , and Trijardy XR. 
 (2) Humalog revenue includes insulin lispro. 
 (3) Basaglar revenue includes Rezvoglar . 
 (4) Zyprexa revenue includes sale of rights for the olanzapine portfolio in July 2023. 
 
 42 

The following table summarizes our revenue, including net product revenue and collaboration and other revenue, by product for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 U.S. Outside U.S. Total Total Percent Change Mounjaro 6,318.7 1,691.3 8,010.0 2,957.5 NM Trulicity 2,894.0 1,109.3 4,003.3 5,463.2 (27) Verzenio 2,378.4 1,373.1 3,751.5 2,717.9 38 Zepbound 3,018.4 3,018.4 NM Taltz 1,486.7 821.7 2,308.4 1,975.0 17 Jardiance (1) 
 1,133.1 1,009.4 2,142.5 1,946.6 10 Humalog (2) 
 1,096.8 608.1 1,704.9 1,296.8 31 Cyramza 329.9 384.8 714.7 721.1 (1) Olumiant 
 159.8 536.0 695.9 679.2 2 Humulin 472.3 164.5 636.8 664.0 (4) Emgality 404.0 216.7 620.6 492.2 26 Basaglar (3) 
 273.9 226.1 500.0 543.1 (8) Erbitux 408.2 44.2 452.4 446.3 1 Tyvyt 389.9 389.9 279.7 39 Cialis 17.6 301.0 318.6 302.7 5 Forteo 124.9 124.4 249.3 416.8 (40) Zyprexa (4) 
 0.5 107.0 107.5 1,651.0 (93) Baqsimi 1.4 23.4 24.8 658.4 (96) Other products 824.6 1,035.8 1,860.4 1,559.2 19 Revenue 21,343.2 10,166.7 31,509.9 24,770.7 27 Numbers may not add due to rounding. 
 NM - not meaningful 
 (1) Jardiance revenue includes Glyxambi, Synjardy, and Trijardy XR. 
 (2) Humalog revenue includes insulin lispro. 
 (3) Basaglar revenue includes Rezvoglar. 
 (4) Zyprexa revenue includes sale of rights for the olanzapine portfolio in July 2023. 
 
 Revenue of Mounjaro in the U.S. during the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 2.38 billion compared to 1.28 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting continued strong demand, increased supply and, to a lesser extent, favorable changes to estimates for rebates and discounts. Following higher wholesaler inventory levels at the end of the second quarter of 2024, sales in the U.S. for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were negatively impacted by inventory decreases in the wholesaler channel. Revenue of Mounjaro in the U.S. during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 6.32 billion compared to 2.73 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, reflecting continued strong demand, increased supply and higher realized prices due to access and savings card dynamics, as the 25 non-covered benefit expired on June 30, 2023. Revenue outside the U.S. during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 728.0 million and 1.69 billion, respectively, compared to 132.4 million and 228.4 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, primarily driven by increased volume associated with the launch of Mounjaro Kwikpen in various markets. 
 Revenue of Trulicity decreased 26 percent and 31 percent in the U.S. during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, driven by decreased volume primarily due to competitive dynamics, partially offset by higher realized prices primarily due to changes to estimates for rebates and discounts. The decrease in volume in the U.S. during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was also driven by supply constrains during the first half of 2024. Revenue outside the U.S. decreased 12 percent and 14 percent during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, primarily driven by decreased volume due to competitive dynamics. The decrease in volume outside the U.S. during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was also driven by actions we have taken to manage demand. 
 43 

Revenue of Verzenio increased 28 percent and 37 percent in the U.S. during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, primarily driven by increased demand and higher realized prices, partially offset by wholesaler buying patterns. Revenue outside of the U.S. increased 38 percent and 40 percent during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, primarily driven by increased demand. 
 Revenue of Zepbound in the U.S. during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.26 billion and 3.02 billion, respectively. Following higher wholesaler inventory levels at the end of the second quarter, sales in the U.S. for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were negatively impacted by inventory decreases in the wholesaler channel. 
 Revenue of Taltz increased 18 percent and 15 percent in the U.S. during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, driven by increased demand and higher realized prices, partially offset by wholesaler buying patterns. Revenue outside the U.S. increased 19 percent and 21 percent during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, driven by increased demand. 
 Revenue of Jardiance decreased 19 percent and was flat in the U.S. during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The decrease in revenue in the U.S. for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by lower realized prices, partially offset by increased demand. Revenue outside the U.S. increased 23 percent and 24 percent during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, driven by increased volume. See Note 4 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for information regarding our collaboration with Boehringer Ingelheim involving Jardiance. 

Gross Margin, Costs, and Expenses 
 The following table summarizes our gross margin, costs, and expenses: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Percent Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Percent Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 Gross margin 9,268.3 7,638.5 21 25,495.4 19,476.5 31 Gross margin as a percent of revenue 81.0 80.4 80.9 78.6 Research and development 2,734.1 2,409.1 13 7,968.1 6,750.7 18 Marketing, selling, and administrative 2,099.8 1,803.9 16 6,169.3 5,478.5 13 Acquired in-process research and development (IPR D) 2,826.4 2,975.1 (5) 3,091.2 3,177.2 (3) Asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges 81.6 NM 516.6 NM Other net, (income) expense (62.0) 23.2 NM 108.5 24.3 NM Income taxes 618.1 484.6 28 1,461.5 995.1 47 Effective tax rate 38.9 113.4 19.1 24.6 
 NM - not meaningful 
 Gross margin as a percent of revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 0.6 percentage points and 2.3 percentage points compared with the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, primarily driven by favorable product mix and higher realized prices, partially offset by the sale of rights for the olanzapine portfolio in the third quarter of 2023 and higher manufacturing costs. 
 Research and development expenses increased 13 percent and 18 percent for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, driven by continued investments in our early and late-stage portfolio. 
 Marketing, selling, and administrative expenses increased 16 percent and 13 percent for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, primarily driven by promotional efforts supporting ongoing and future launches. 
 44 

Acquired IPR D charges for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily related to the acquisition of Morphic. Acquired IPR D charges for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily related to the acquisitions of DICE Therapeutics, Inc., Versanis Bio, Inc., and Emergence Therapeutics AG. See Note 3 to the consolidated condensed financial statements. 
 Asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges for the three months ended September 30, 2024 were primarily related to impairment of an intangible asset associated with a molecule in development. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 asset impairment, restructuring, and other special charges also included charges related to litigation. See Note 5 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for additional information. 
 Other net, (income) expense included net investment (gains) losses on equity securities of (112.4) million and 29.5 million for three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 62.9 million and 141.5 million for three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. See Note 12 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for additional information. 
 The effective tax rates were 38.9 percent and 19.1 percent for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 113.4 percent and 24.6 percent for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, primarily driven by unfavorable tax impacts of non-deductible acquired IPR D charges, with a larger impact occurring in 2023. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION AND LIQUIDITY 
 We believe our available cash and cash equivalents, together with our ability to generate operating cash flow and our access to short-term and long-term borrowings, are sufficient to fund our existing and planned capital requirements. For a discussion of our capital requirements, see "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition" in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 We are making investments in global facilities to manufacture existing and future products. These investments, and other capital investments that support our operations, have increased our capital expenditures and will result in higher capital expenditures over the next several years. 
 As we expand our manufacturing capacity in order to meet existing and expected demand of our medicines, we have entered, and expect to continue to enter, into various agreements for contract manufacturing and for supply of materials. The executed agreements could, under certain circumstances, require us to pay up to approximately 11.5 billion if we do not purchase specified amounts of goods or services primarily related to our incretin medicines over the durations of the agreements, which are generally up to 8 years. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, we acquired Morphic for approximately 2.67 billion, net of cash acquired. We funded this acquisition with proceeds from the issuance of debt. See Note 3 and Note 7 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for additional information. 
 Cash and cash equivalents increased to 3.37 billion as of September 30, 2024, compared with 2.82 billion as of December 31, 2023. Refer to the consolidated condensed statements of cash flows for additional information on the significant sources and uses of cash for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 In addition to our cash and cash equivalents, we held total investments of 3.35 billion and 3.16 billion as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. See Note 7 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for additional information. 
 As of September 30, 2024, total debt was 31.12 billion, an increase of 5.89 billion compared with 25.23 billion as of December 31, 2023. In August 2024, we issued 5.00 billion of fixed-rate notes and used a portion of the net cash proceeds to fund the acquisition of Morphic and related fees and expenses, with any remaining funds used for general business purposes, including the repayment of outstanding commercial paper. In February 2024, we issued 6.50 billion of fixed-rate notes and used, or may be using, the net cash proceeds for general business purposes, including the repayment of outstanding commercial paper, repayment of current maturities of long-term debt, and repayment of the 750.0 million of fixed-rate notes due in 2026. See Note 7 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for additional information. 
 45 

As of September 30, 2024, we had a total of 8.42 billion of unused committed bank credit facilities, 8.00 billion of which is available to support our commercial paper program. See Note 7 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for additional information. We believe that amounts accessible through existing commercial paper markets should be adequate to fund short-term borrowing needs. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 521.1 million of shares under our 5.00 billion share repurchase program authorized in May 2021. As of September 30, 2024, we had 1.98 billion remaining under this program. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we paid dividends of 3.51 billion, or 3.90 per share, to our shareholders. In October 2024, we declared a dividend for the fourth quarter of 2024 of 1.30 per share of outstanding common stock. The dividend of approximately 1.17 billion is payable on December 10, 2024 to shareholders of record at the close of business on November 15, 2024. 
 See "Executive Overview Other Matters Patent Matters" for information regarding losses of patent protection. 
 Both domestically and abroad, we monitor the potential impacts of the economic environment and international tension and conflicts; the creditworthiness of our wholesalers and other customers, including foreign government-backed agencies and suppliers; the uncertain impact of healthcare legislation; various international government funding levels; and fluctuations in interest rates, foreign currency exchange rates (see "Executive Overview Other Matters Foreign Currency Exchange Rates"), and fair values of equity securities. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 For a discussion of our critical accounting estimates, refer to "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Results of Operations and Financial Condition" in Part II, Item 7 and the notes to our consolidated financial statements in Part II, Item 8 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. See also Note 1 to the consolidated condensed financial statements. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting estimates since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

AVAILABLE INFORMATION ON OUR WEBSITE 
 We make available through our company website, free of charge, our company filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file them with, or furnish them to, the SEC. The reports we make available include annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, proxy statements, registration statements, and any amendments to those documents. 
 The website link to our SEC filings is investor.lilly.com/financial-information/sec-filings . 
 We routinely post important information for investors in the Investors section of our website, www.lilly.com. We may use our website as a means of disclosing material, non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. Accordingly, investors should monitor the Investors section of our website, in addition to following our press releases, filings with the SEC, public conference calls, presentations, and webcasts. We and our executive officers may also use social media channels to communicate with investors and the public about our business, products and other matters, and those communications could be deemed to be material information. The information contained on, or that may be accessed through, our website or our or our executive officers' social media channels, is not incorporated by reference into, and is not a part of, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 46 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 For a discussion of our market risk, see Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in Part II, Item 7A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures . Under applicable Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC) regulations, management of a reporting company, with the participation of the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, must periodically evaluate the company's "disclosure controls and procedures," which are defined generally as controls and other procedures of a reporting company designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the reporting company in its periodic reports filed with the SEC (such as this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q) is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported on a timely basis. 
 Our management, with the participation of David Ricks, president and chief executive officer, and Lucas Montarce, executive vice president and chief financial officer, evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as such terms are defined in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023) as of September 30, 2024, and concluded that they were effective. 
 (b) Changes in Internal Controls. During the third quarter of 2024, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 47 

PART II. Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We are a party to various currently pending legal actions, government investigations, and environmental proceedings. See Note 10 to the consolidated condensed financial statements for information on various legal proceedings. 
 This Item should be read in conjunction with "Legal Proceedings" in Part I, Item 3 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Our material risk factors are disclosed in "Risk Factors" in Part I, Item 1A of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The following table summarizes the activity related to repurchases of our equity securities during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased (in thousands) Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (in thousands) Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in millions) July 2024 2,500.0 August 2024 2,500.0 September 2024 582 896.13 582 1,978.9 Total 582 896.13 582 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased 521.1 million of shares under our 5.00 billion share repurchase program authorized in May 2021. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 , , M.D., Ph.D., , Lilly research laboratories and Lilly immunology, a sales plan (Plan). The Plan was entered into during an open trading window and is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of of the Exchange Act of 1934 and our policies regarding trading in our securities. The Plan calls for the sale of up to shares of company common stock between February 10, 2025 and subject to the terms and conditions of the Plan. 
 48 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 The following documents are filed as a part of this Quarterly Report: 
 Exhibit Description 3.1 Amended Articles of Incorporation, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2022 
 3.2 Bylaws, as amended, incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 4, 2022 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of David Ricks, Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Lucas Montarce , Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 32 Section 1350 Certification 
 101 Interactive Data Files (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith. 
 
 Long-term debt instruments under which the total amount of securities authorized does not exceed 10 percent of our consolidated assets are not filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report. We will furnish a copy of these agreements to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 

Signatures 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 ELI LILLY AND COMPANY (Registrant) Date: October 30, 2024 /s/ Lucas Montarce Lucas Montarce Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Date: October 30, 2024 /s/ Donald Zakrowski Donald Zakrowski Senior Vice President, Finance, and Chief Accounting Officer 
 49 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 lly-09302024x10qxex3111.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of David Ricks, Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, David Ricks, Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Eli Lilly and Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 30, 2024 By s David Ricks David Ricks Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 lly-09302024x10qxex3121.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Lucas Montarce, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Lucas Montarce, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Eli Lilly and Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 30, 2024 By s Lucas Montarce Lucas Montarce Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 lly-09302024x10qxexhibit321.htm
 EX-32

Document 

EXHIBIT 32 Section 1350 Certification 
 Pursuant to section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of section 1350, chapter 63 of title 18, United States Code), each of the undersigned officers of Eli Lilly and Company, an Indiana corporation (the Company), does hereby certify that, to the best of their knowledge 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Form 10-Q) of the Company fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date October 30, 2024 s David Ricks David Ricks Chair, President, and Chief Executive Officer Date October 30, 2024 s Lucas Montarce Lucas Montarce Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 lly-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 lly-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 lly-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 lly-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 lly-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

