<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1391426_0001903596-24-000682.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5685999</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105836</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1008794</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1658202</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1260389</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1518379</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001903596-24-000682.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119140502
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001903596-24-000682
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		61
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Clean Vision Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001391426
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52489
		FILM NUMBER:		241475117

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2711 N. SEPULVEDA BLVD
		CITY:			MANHATTAN BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90266
		BUSINESS PHONE:		424-835-1845

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2711 N. SEPULVEDA BLVD
		CITY:			MANHATTAN BEACH
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90266

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Byzen Digital, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210325

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CHINA VITUP HEALTH CARE HOLDINGS, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070227

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001903596-24-000682.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 clnv_10q.htm

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND
EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C.
20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly
period ended 

TRANSITION
REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition
period from _______ to _______ 

Commission File Number:

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction
 of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer 
 Identification No.) 

,

(Address of principal executive
 offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone
 number, including area code) 

(Former name, former address
 and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol(s) 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on 
 which registered 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As
of November 18, 2024, there were shares of the issuer s common stock issued and outstanding. 

CLEAN VISION CORPORATION 

FORM 10-Q 

For the Quarterly
Period Ended September 30, 2024 

INDEX 

PART I 
 Financial Information 

Item 1. 
 Financial
 Statements (unaudited) 
 1 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 29 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls
 and Procedures 
 29 

PART II 
 Other Information 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 31 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered
 Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 31 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults
 Upon Senior Securities 
 31 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety
 Disclosures 
 31 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 31 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 31 
 
 Signatures 
 32 

PART I - FINANCIAL
INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial
Statements 

INDEX TO FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Consolidated Balance
 Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 F-2 

Consolidated Statements of Operations
 and Comprehensive Loss for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 F-3 

Consolidated Statements of Changes
 in Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 (unaudited) 
 F-4 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows
 for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024, and 2023 (unaudited) 
 F-6 

Notes to
 the Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 F-7 

F- 1 

CLEAN VISION CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE
SHEETS 

September
 30, 2024 
 December
 31, 2023 
 
 ASSETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (Audited)

Current
 Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaids
 and other assets 

Accounts
 receivable 

Loan
 receivable 

Trading
 securities 

Total
 Current Assets 

Property
 and equipment 

Goodwill 

Total
 Assets 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Current
 Liabilities: 

Cash
 overdraft 

Accounts
 payable 

Accrued
 compensation 

Accrued
 expenses 

Convertible
 note payable, net of discount of and , respectively 

Derivative
 liability 

Loans
 payable 

Related
 party payables 

Loans
 payables related party 

Liabilities
 of discontinued operations 

Total
 current liabilities 

Economic
 incentive (Note 12) 

Total
 Liabilities 

Commitments
 and contingencies 

Mezzanine
 Equity: 

Series
 B Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Total
 mezzanine equity 

Stockholders'
 Deficit: 

Preferred
 stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Series
 A Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Series
 C Preferred stock, par value, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Common
 stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Common
 stock to be issued 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 other comprehensive loss 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Non-controlling
 interest 

Total
 stockholders' deficit 

Total
 liabilities and stockholders' deficit 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 2 

CLEAN VISION CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue 

Cost of revenue 

Gross margin 

Operating Expenses: 

Consulting 

Advertising and promotion 

Development expense 

Professional fees 

Payroll expense 

Director fees 

General and administration expenses 

Total operating expense 

Loss from Operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest expense 

Change in fair value of derivative 

Loss on debt issuance 

Gain on conversion of debt 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Penalty expense on convertible debt 

Total other income (expense) 

Net loss before provision for income tax 

Provision for income tax expense 

Net loss 

Net income (loss) attributed to non-controlling interest 

Net loss attributed to Clean Vision Corporation 

Other comprehensive income: 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive loss 

Loss per share - basic and diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding - basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

CLEAN VISION CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

 For the Three and
Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

 (Unaudited) 

Series
 A Preferred Stock 
 Series
 C Preferred Stock 
 Common
 Stock 
 Additional
 paid 
 Common
 Stock To be 
 Accumulated
 Other Comprehensive 
 Minority 
 Accumulated 
 Total
 Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 In
 Capital 
 Issued 
 Loss 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance,
 December 31, 2023 (Restated) 

Stock
 issued for services 

Stock
 issued for debt commitments 

Stock
 issued for cash 

Stock
 issued for warrant exercise 

Debt
 issuance cost warrants issued 

Net
 loss 

Balance,
 March 31, 2024 

Stock
 issued for services 

Stock
 issued for debt commitments 

Stock
 issued for conversion of debt 

Cancellation
 of mezzanine equity 

Net
 loss 

Balance,
 June 30, 2024 

Stock
 issued for services 

Stock
 issued for conversion of debt 

Stock
 sold from cash 

Net
 loss 

Balance,
 September 30, 2024 

F- 2 

Series A Preferred Stock 
 Series C Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Additional paid 
 Common Stock to be 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Accumulated 
 Minority 
 Total Stockholders' 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 In Capital 
 Issued 
 Loss 
 Deficit 
 Interest 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

Stock dividend 

Stock issued for services related party 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for cash 

Stock issued for debt conversion 

Debt issuance cost warrants issued 

Shares cancelled 

Net loss 

Balance, March 31, 2023 

Adjust stock dividend shares 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for debt conversion 

Debt issuance cost warrants issued 

Settlement of debt-related party 

Net loss 

Balance, June 30, 2023 

Stock sold for cash 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for debt conversion 

Shares issued for settlement 

Net loss 

Balance, September 30, 2023 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 3 

CLEAN VISION CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 (Unaudited) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used by operating activities: 

Stock issued for services 

Stock issued for services related party 

Debt discount amortization 

Loss on issuance of debt 

Change in fair value of derivative 

Gain on conversion of debt 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 

Penalty expense on convertible debt 

Depreciation expense 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaids and other assets 

Accounts receivable 

Accounts payable 

Accruals 

Related-party payables - short-term 

Accrued compensation 

Net cash used by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Prepaid for acquisition 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Net cash used by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Cash overdraft acquired in acquisition 

Cash Overdraft 

Proceeds from convertible notes payable 

Payments - convertible notes payable 

Proceeds from the sale of common stock 

Proceeds from notes payable - related party 

Repayment of related party loans 

Proceeds from notes payable 

Proceeds from long term note payable 

Payments - notes payable 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Effects of currency translation 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental schedule of cash flow information: 

Interest paid 

Income taxes 

Supplemental non-cash disclosure: 

Common stock issued for conversion of debt 

Warrants issued with notes payable 

Cancellation of Series B preferred stock 

Stock issued for debt commitments 

Note payable issued for acquisition 

The accompanying
notes are an integral part of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

CLEAN VISION CORPORATION
AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 Notes
to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 

 September
30, 2024 

coverage limit. 

cash equivalents
for the periods ended September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

shares of common stock and approximately 
dilutive shares of common stock from convertible notes payable. As of September 30, 2023, there are warrants to purchase up to 
shares of common stock and approximately dilutive shares of common stock from a convertible note payable. As of September
30, 2024 and 2023, there are and potentially dilutive shares of common stock, respectively, if the Series C preferred
stock were to be converted. As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s diluted loss per share is the same as the basic loss
per share, as the inclusion of any potential shares would have had an anti-dilutive effect due to the Company generating a loss. 

Level 1: Quoted market prices available
in active markets for identical assets or liabilities as of the reporting date. 

Level 2: Pricing inputs other than quoted
prices in active markets included in Level 1, which are either directly or indirectly observable as of the reporting date. 

Level 3: Pricing inputs that are generally
unobservable inputs and not corroborated by market data. 

The carrying amount
of the Company s financial assets and liabilities, such as cash, prepaid expenses and accrued expenses approximate their fair value
because of the short maturity of those instruments. The Company s notes payable represents the fair value of such instruments
as the notes bear interest rates that are consistent with current market rates. 

The following
table classifies the Company s liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis into the fair value hierarchy as of: 

 September 30,
2024 

Total 

December 31,
2023 

Description 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 Derivative 

Total 

Our business model
is focused on generating revenue from the following sources: 

(i) Service revenue
from the recycling services we provide . We plan to establish plastic feedstock agreements with a number of feedstock
suppliers for the delivery of plastic to our facilities. Much of this plastic is currently a cost center for such feedstock suppliers,
who pay "tipping fees" to landfills or incinerators. We will accept this plastic feedstock at reduced price or for no
tipping fees. In some cases, feedstock suppliers will also share in revenue on products produced from their feedstock. This revenue
will be realized and recognized upon receipt of feedstock at one of our facilities. 

(ii) Revenue generated
from the sale of commodities . We will produce commodities including, but not limited to, pyrolysis oil, fuel oil, lubricants,
synthetic gas, hydrogen, and carbon char. We are in negotiation with chemical and oil companies for purchasing, or off-taking, fuels
and oils we produce, and exploring applications for carbon char. This revenue will be recognized upon shipment of products from one of
our facilities and in some cases off-takers may pre-pay for a contractual obligation to buy our commodities. 

(iii) Revenue
generated from the sale of environmental credits . Our products are eligible for numerous environmental credits, including but not
limited to carbon credits, plastic credits, and biodiversity credits. These credits may be monetized directly on the relevant markets
or may be realized as value-add to off-takers, who will pay a premium for eligible products. Revenue from these credits will be recognized
upon sale of applicable environmental credits on recognized markets, and/or upon sale of commodities to off-takers when that off-take
includes an environmental credit premium. 

(iv) Revenue generated
from royalties and/or the sale of equipment . We expect to develop or acquire intellectual property which could generate revenue through
royalties and/or sales of manufactured equipment. Revenue may be recognized upon the terms of a contracted sale agreement. 

For the period ended
September 30, 2024, our operations in Morocco had generated approximately 108,000 in revenue. During the period, 93 of revenue was
from one party. As of September 30, 2024, we did not generate revenue from any other sources. 

at September 30, 2024, and had a net loss of for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common
stock and/or debt financing is unknown. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated
plan of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue
operations. These conditions and the ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements of the Company do not include any adjustments that may result from the
outcome of these aforementioned uncertainties. 

Management plans
to continue to implement its business plan and to fund operations by raising additional capital through the issuance of debt and equity
securities. The Company s existence is dependent upon management's ability to implement its business plan and/or obtain additional
funding. There can be no assurance that the Company s financing efforts will result in profitable operations or the resolution
of the Company's liquidity problems. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may include undue restrictions on
our operations in the case of debt or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders in the case of equity financing. 

for the Morocco Acquisition, of which The Clean-Seas Morocco Investment
is currently contemplated to be funded in tranches based on a to be agreed to schedule tied to milestones related to the technology being
deployed by Clean-Seas Morocco. The parties intend to complete the funding schedule applicable to the Clean-Seas Morocco investment in
the first quarter 2025. To date, none of the Clean-Seas Morocco Investment has been funded. 

The excess of the purchase price
over the estimated fair values of the underlying identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and non-controlling interest was
allocated to goodwill. The provisional estimated fair value of the noncontrolling interest was based the minority interest (49 in net
assets as of the acquisition date. The goodwill of 4,854,622 represents expected synergies from the combined operations. 

 The excess of the
purchase price over the estimated fair values of the underlying identifiable assets acquired, liabilities assumed, and non-controlling
interest was allocated to goodwill. The provisional estimated fair value of the noncontrolling interest was based the minority interest
(49 in net assets as of the acquisition date. The goodwill of represents expected synergies from the combined operations. 

. Depreciation is computed using the straight-line
method over the estimated useful lives of the various classes of assets as follows between three and ten years. 

Long lived assets,
including property and equipment, to be held and used by the Company are reviewed for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances
indicate that the carrying value of the assets may not be recoverable. Impairment losses are recognized if expected future cash flows
of the related assets are less than their carrying values. Measurement of an impairment loss is based on the fair value of the asset.
Long-lived assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of carrying amount or fair value less cost to sell. 

Maintenance and repair
expenses, as incurred, are charged to expense. Betterments and renewals are capitalized in plant and equipment accounts. Cost and accumulated
depreciation applicable to items replaced or retired are eliminated from the related accounts with any gain or loss on the disposition
included as income. 

Clean-Seas,
Inc. has purchased a pyrolysis unit for piloting and demonstration purposes which has been commissioned in Hyderabad, India as of
May 2022. The unit will be used to showcase the Company s technology and services, turning waste plastic into environmentally friendly
commodities, to potential customers. 

Property, plant,
and equipment at our Clean-Seas Morocco facility comprise equipment, buildings and fixtures, automobiles, furniture, and land. Upon acquisition,
buildings and land were recorded at their estimated fair value, determined through a valuation conducted in 2018. Subsequently, these
assets have been adjusted annually to reflect an approximate 5 increase in fair value, consistent with local real estate market trends.
Depreciation for equipment, buildings, automobiles, and furniture is computed using the straight-line method over estimated useful lives
of to years. 

Property and equipment
stated at cost, less accumulated depreciation consisted of the following: 

Equipment 

Buildings and fixtures 

Land 

Office furniture 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense 

For
the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, depreciation expense was and , respectively. 

. The loan bears interest at ,
requires monthly payments of .41 and is due within one year. As of September 30, 2024, the balance due is . 

West Virginia
State Incentive Package 

On June 12, 2023,
Clean-Seas announced that it secured million in state incentives, which includes million in cash to establish a PCN facility
outside of Charleston, West Virginia. Clean-Seas West Virginia, Inc., a West Virginia corporation Clean-Seas West Virginia ),
has an existing feedstock supply agreement for 100 TPD of post-industrial plastic waste and is planned to be a PCN hub servicing the
Mid-Atlantic states. The project will commence in phases, Phase 1 being 50 TPD, scaling up to 500 TPD. Additional project finance capital
is in the process of being secured and the Company received the million cash disbursement on September 25, 2023. 

,
which notes shall be convertible into shares of common stock at the lower of (a) 120 of the closing price of the common stock on the
day prior to closing, or (b) a 10 discount to the lowest daily volume weighted average price VWAP reported by Bloomberg
of the common stock during the 10 trading days prior to the conversion date . 

On February 21, 2023,
the initial investor under the February Purchase Agreement purchased a senior convertible promissory note (the February Note in the original principal amount of and a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. The maturity
date of the February Note is (the Maturity Date ). The February Note bears interest at a rate of 5 per
annum. The February Note carries an original issue discount of . The Company may not prepay any portion of the outstanding principal
amount, accrued and unpaid interest or accrued and unpaid late charges on principal and interest, if any, except as specifically permitted
by the terms of the February Note. The Company also issued a warrant to the initial investor that is exercisable for shares of the Company s
common stock at a price of per share and expires five years from the date of issuance. 

The terms of the
February convertible note were amended pursuant to the March 2024 note (discussed below). 

April Convertible
Note - Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd 

Pursuant to the February
Purchase Agreement, on April 10, 2023, an investor purchased a senior convertible promissory note (the April Note in the
original principal amount of and the Company issued warrants for the purchase of up to shares of the Company s
common stock to the investor. The April Note bears interest at a rate of per annum. The April Note carries an original issue discount
of . The Company may not prepay any portion of the outstanding principal amount, accrued and unpaid interest or accrued and unpaid
late charges on principal and interest, if any, except as specifically permitted by the terms of the April Note. The April Note is convertible
into shares of common stock at per share. 

May Convertible
Notes - Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd 

On May 26, 2023,
the Company entered into that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the May Purchase Agreement with certain institutional
investors (the May Investors ), pursuant to which the May Investor purchased a senior convertible promissory note in the
aggregate original principal amount of .71 (the May Note and warrants to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock (the May Warrants ). 

The May Note matures
12 months after issuance and bears interest at a rate of per annum, as may be adjusted from time to time in accordance with Section
2 of the May Note. The May Note has an original issue discount of . The Company may not prepay any portion of the outstanding principal
amount, accrued and unpaid interest or accrued and unpaid late charges on principal and interest, if any, except as specifically permitted
by the terms of the May Note. The May Note is convertible into shares of common stock at per share. 

At any time, the
Company shall have the right to redeem all, but not less than all, of the amount then outstanding under the May Note (the Company
Optional Redemption Amount on the Company Optional Redemption Date (as defined in the Note) (a Company Optional Redemption ).
The portion of the May Note subject to a Company Optional Redemption shall be redeemed by the Company in cash at a price equal to the
greater of (i) 10 premium to the amount then outstanding under the May Note to be redeemed, and (ii) the equity value of our common
stock underlying the May Note. The equity value of our common stock underlying the May Note is calculated using the greatest closing
sale price of our common stock on any trading day immediately preceding such redemption and the date we make the entire payment required.
The Company may exercise its right to require redemption under the May Note by delivering a written notice thereof by electronic mail
and overnight courier to all, but not less than all, of the holders of May Note. 

The May Warrants
are exercisable for shares of the Company s common stock at a price equal to 120 of the closing sale price of the common stock
on the trading day ended immediately prior to the closing date (the May Warrant Exercise Price and expire five years from
the date of issuance. The May Warrant Exercise Price is subject to customary adjustments for stock dividends, stock splits, recapitalizations
and the like. 

August
2023 Note - Coventry Enterprises, LLC 

On
July 31, 2023 (the August Note Original Issue Date ), the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the August
Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor (the August Investor ), pursuant to which the August Investor purchased
a senior convertible promissory note in the original principal amount of (the August Note ). In addition, as an
additional inducement to the August Investor for purchasing the August Note, the Company issued shares of its common stock
to the August Investor at the closing. These shares are being valued at the closing stock price on the date of grant with the relative
fair value accounted for as a debt discount. The transactions contemplated under the August Purchase Agreement closed on August 4, 2023. 

The
August Note matures on and bears interest at a rate of per annum (the Guaranteed Interest ), carries an
original issue discount of and has a default conversion price of per share of the lowest VWAP during the 20 trading day period
before the conversion. The August Note requires monthly payments of .42, beginning December 31, 2023. The Company may prepay any
portion of the outstanding principal amount and the guaranteed interest at any time and from time to time, without penalty or premium,
provided that any such prepayment will be applied first to any unpaid collection costs, then to any unpaid fees, then to any unpaid Default
Rate interest (as defined in the August Note), and any remaining amount shall be applied first to any unpaid guaranteed interest, and
then to any unpaid principal amount. 

The
August Investor was granted a right of first refusal as the exclusive party with respect to any Equity Line of Credit transaction or
financing (an Additional Financing that the Company enters into during the 24-month period after the August Note Original
Issue Date. In the event the Company enters into an Additional Financing, the Company must provide notice to the August Investor not
less than 10 trading days in advance of the proposed entry. If the August Investor accepts all usual and customary terms set forth in
the Additional Financing notice, the August Investor must, within 20 trading days of receipt of the notice, prepare all relevant documents
in respect thereof for execution and delivery by the Company, provided, however, that the Company s outside counsel must prepare
the relevant registration statement to be filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 45 days after
the Company receives the documents. 

The
August Note sets forth certain standard events of default (each such event, an August Note Event of Default ), which, upon
such August Note Event of Default, the principal amount and the guaranteed interest then outstanding under the August Note becomes convertible
into shares of the Company s common stock pursuant to a notice provided by the August Investor to the Company. At any time after
the occurrence of an August Note Event of Default, the outstanding principal amount and the outstanding guaranteed interest then outstanding
on the August Note, plus accrued but unpaid Default Rate (as defined in the August Note) interest, liquidated damages and other amounts
owing in respect thereof through the date of acceleration, shall become immediately due and payable at the August Investor s option,
in cash or in shares of the Company s common stock at 120 of the outstanding principal amount of the August Note and accrued and
unpaid interest, plus other amounts, costs, expenses and liquidated damages due in respect of the August Note. 

October
2023 Note - GS Capital Partners 

On October 26, 2023,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the October Purchase Agreement with an accredited investor (the October Investor related to the Company s
sale of two 12 convertible notes in the aggregate principal amount of (each note being in the amount of and containing
an original issue discount of such that the purchase price of each note is (each Note, and together the
 Notes are convertible into shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, upon the terms and
subject to the limitations set forth in each Note. The Company issued and sold the first Note (the First Note on October
26, 2023 (the First Closing Date or the First Issuance Date ). The second note was not funded. 

On the First Closing
Date, the Company issued restricted shares of Common Stock to the Purchaser as additional consideration for the purchase of the
First Note (the First Note Commitment Shares ). Upon the closing of the Second Note, the Company will issue additional commitment
shares in an amount calculated based on the price per share of the Common Stock at the time of funding of such Second Note (the Second
Note Commitment Shares, and together with the First Note Commitment Shares, the Commitment Shares ). In addition
to the Commitment Shares, the Company agreed to issue shares of Common Stock to the Purchaser (the Returnable Shares for each Note. Each issuance of Returnable Shares is subject to recalculation based on the price per share of Common Stock at the time
of funding for each Note, such that the economic value of each set of Returnable Shares shall be equal to the value of the initial set
of Returnable Shares. For example, if on the Second Closing Date, the closing price of the Common Stock is 50 of the closing price of
the Common Stock on the First Closing Date, the Company will be required to issue Returnable Shares on the Second Note Closing
Date. The Returnable Shares must be returned to the Company unless each Note enters into an uncured default during its term, or the Company
is otherwise unable to repay each Note on or prior to maturity. 

ClearThink
Financing 

On February 12, 2024,
the Company and ClearThink Capital LLC ClearThink entered into a (i) Securities Purchase Agreement (the SPA and (ii) STRATA Purchase Agreement (the STRATA Agreement and together with the SPA, collectively, the ClearThink
Agreements ). 

SPA 

Pursuant to the SPA,
the Company agreed to sell, and ClearThink agreed to purchase, two (2) separate 12 convertible notes of the Company (the first such
note, the First Note Tranche, the second such note, the Second Note Tranche, and collectively, the ClearThink
Notes in the aggregate principal amount of (each such ClearThink Note being in the amount of .00 and containing
an original issue discount of , resulting in the purchase price of each such ClearThink Note being .00), which are convertible
Common Stock. In addition, the Company agreed to issue shares of restricted Common Stock (the Commitment Shares to ClearThink as additional consideration for the First Note Tranche and as an inducement for the Investor to enter into the STRATA Agreement; provided , however ,
that shares of Commitment Shares will be returned to the Company if the Company, at its option, does not consummate the transactions
contemplated by the STRATA Agreement by not filing the Registration Statement on Form S-1 with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission
covering the resale of all securities issuable under each of the ClearThink Agreements (the Resale Registration Statement ). 

The First Note Tranche
was issued on February 12, 2024 and the Second Note Tranche shall be issued within three (3) days after the Company s filing of
the Resale Registration Statement. 

While any of the
securities issued or issuable under the SPA are outstanding, upon any issuance by the Company or any of its subsidiaries of any security,
or amendment to a security that was originally issued before the SPA Closing Date, with any term that the Investor reasonably believes
is more favorable to the Investor of such security or with a term in favor of the Investor of such security that the Investor reasonably
believes was not similarly provided to ClearThink in the ClearThink Note, (i) the Company shall notify the Investor of such additional
or more favorable term within one (1) business day of the issuance and/or amendment (as applicable) of the respective security, and (i)
such term, at Investor's option, shall become a part of the transaction documents with the Investor (regardless of whether the Company
complied with the notification provision herein). The types of terms contained in another security that may be more favorable to the
Investor of such security include, but are not limited to, terms addressing prepayment rate, interest rates, and original issue discounts,
conversion or exercise prices warrant coverage and pricing, commitment shares and similar terms and conditions. 

The ClearThink Note
contains a principal amount of (the Principal with guaranteed interest (the Interest at a rate
of twelve percent per calendar year from the date of issuance. All Principal and Interest, along with any and all other amounts,
shall be due and owing on (the Maturity Date ), with a lump-sum interest payment equal to payable
on the SPA Closing Date, which is added to the principal balance and payable by the Company on the Maturity Date or upon acceleration
or by prepayment or otherwise, notwithstanding the number of days which the Principal is outstanding. Unless the Investor elects to convert
the Note into shares of Common Stock, Principal payments shall be made in four installments, each in the amount of commencing
on the one hundred eightieth (180 th day anniversary following the SPA Closing Date and continuing thereafter each thirty
(30) days for four (4) months thereafter. The ClearThink Note may be prepaid in whole or in part as set forth therein and any amount
of Principal or Interest on the ClearThink Note which is not paid when due shall bear interest at the rate of the lesser of (i) twenty
four percent (24 per annum (which shall be guaranteed and applied to the balance due under the ClearThink Note upon an Event of Default
(as defined in the ClearThink Note)) and (ii) the maximum amount permitted under law from the due date thereof until the same is paid. 

Trillium Financing 

On February 15, 2024,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Trillium Agreement with Trillium Partners L.P. Trillium ),
whereby the Company issued and sold to Trillium (i) a promissory note (the Trillium Note in the aggregate principal amount
of (which includes of Original Issue Discount) (the Trillium Principal ), convertible into Common Stock,
upon default, upon the terms and subject to the limitations and conditions set forth in such Trillium Note, and (ii) restricted
shares of Common Stock (the Commitment Shares ). 

Although
the Trillium Agreement
was dated and signed on February 15, 2024, it did not become effective until the conditions set forth in Section 6 and Section 7 of the
 Trillium Agreement were satisfied, which occurred on February 22, 2024 (the Trillium
 Closing Date ). 

The maturity date
of the Trillium Note is (the Trillium Maturity Date and a one-time interest charge of ten percent (10 or 58,000 (the Trillium Interest Rate shall be applied to the Trillium Principal on the date of issuance. The Company
has the right to prepay the Trillium Note in full at any time with no prepayment penalty. Accrued, unpaid Trillium Interest and outstanding
Trillium Principal, subject to adjustment, shall be paid in seven payments, each in the amount of .86 (a total payback to the
Holder of ). 

At any time following
an Event of Default (as defined in the Trillium Note), Trillium has the right to convert all or any part of the outstanding and unpaid
amount of the Trillium Note into fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock, as such Common Stock exists on the date of issuance,
or any shares of capital stock or other securities of the Company into which such Common Stock shall hereafter be changed or reclassified
at the conversion price determined as provided herein (a Conversion ), provided, that such Conversion or Conversions do
not result in Trillium beneficially owning more than 9.99 of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. 

Pursuant to the Trillium
Note, beginning on the fifth month anniversary of the Issuance Date, and for the next six months after, the Company will make a total
of seven (7) equal monthly payments of 91,142.85. In the event that the Company defaults and misses a payment, then the Investor will
be able to do a default conversion. The conversion price (the Trillium Conversion Price is equal to the lower of:
(i) the Fixed Conversion Price of 0.03; (ii) the Variable Conversion Price (70 of the lowest trade for the twenty days prior to conversion);
and (iii) the Alternative Conversion Price (lowest price os any common stock during the period thirty days prior to a default). The
Company agreed to initially reserve from its authorized and unissued Common Stock, 72,000,000 shares of Common Stock (the Reserve
Amount ), which Reserve Amount shall be increased from time to time in accordance with the terms of the Trillium Note. 

Under the terms of
the Trillium Agreement, the Company agreed to use its best efforts to effect the registration and the sale of the Commitment Shares and
the Conversion Shares (collectively, the Registerable Securities by filing with the SEC an amendment to its Registration
Statement on Form S-1 (as initially filed with the SEC on November 3, 2023 as amended on December 15, 2023) with respect to such Registrable
Securities. 

March 2024
Financing Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd. 

On February 17, 2023,
the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the Prior Agreement with Walleye Opportunities Master Fund Ltd.
(the March Investor for the sale of up to in aggregate principal amount of senior convertible promissory notes
and warrants to acquire shares Common Stock. The initial closing under the Prior Agreement occurred on February 21, 2023, when the Company
issued to the March Investor (i) a senior convertible promissory note in the principal amount of (the Existing Note and (ii) warrants to purchase up to shares of Common Stock (the Existing Warrant ). 

On March 25, 2024
(the Issue Date ), the Company and March Investor entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement (the March Purchase
Agreement ), whereby: (i) the Company issued to the March Investor (a) a convertible note in the aggregate principal amount of
 (the March 2024 Note ), and (b) a warrant initially exercisable to acquire up to shares of Common Stock
at an exercise price of per share (the March 2024 Warrant and (ii) the parties agreed to amend and restate the
Existing Note and Existing Warrant as discussed below. 

March 2024 Note 

At any time on or
after the Issue Date, the March Investor shall be entitled to convert any portion of the outstanding Conversion Amount (as defined in
the March 2024 Note) into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable shares of Common Stock at a
conversion price equal to 0.03 per share, subject to adjustment as set forth in the March 2024 Note. 

Interest accruing
on the March 2024 Note is payable to the March Investor in shares of Common Stock; provided, however, that the Company may pay any such
interest in cash or in a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock. The March 2024 Note bears interest at a rate of 5 per annum,
as may be adjusted from time to time, and matures on October 1, 2024 (the March Note Maturity Date provided, however,
that the March Note Maturity Date may be extended at the option of the Investor as provided in the March 2024 Note. 

The Company shall
have the right to redeem all, but not less than all, of the amount then outstanding under the March 2024 Note at any time. Any redemption
shall be made by the Company in cash at a price equal to the greater of (i) 120 of the Conversion Amount (as defined in the March 2024
Note), and (ii) the product of (1) the Conversion Rate (as defined in the March 2024 Note) with respect to the Conversion Amount being
redeemed multiplied by (2) the greatest closing sale price of the Common Stock on any trading day immediately preceding the date such
redemption payment is made . Upon the occurrence of an Event of Default under the March 2024 Note, the Investor may require
the Company to redeem all or any portion of the March 2024 Note, regardless of whether such Event of Default has been cured. 

March 2024 Warrant 

The March 2024 Warrant
(i) is exercisable for the purchase of up to shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, subject to customary
adjustments, and (ii) expires five years from the date of issuance. 

Registration Rights
Agreement 

On the Issue Date,
the Company and the March Investor entered into a registration rights agreement (the RRA ), pursuant to which the Company
agreed to file with the SEC, within 45 days after the Issue Date, a registration statement covering the resale of all securities issuable
to the March Investor under the March Purchase Agreement. 

Amended and Restated
Note 

In connection with
the March Purchase Agreement, the Company and March Investor amended and restated the Existing Note as set forth in that certain Amended
and Restated Convertible Note dated March 25, 2024 (the A R Note). At any time, the March Investor shall be entitled to convert
any portion of the outstanding Conversion Amount (as defined in the A R Note) into validly issued, fully paid and non-assessable
shares of Common Stock at a conversion price equal to 0.03 per share, subject to adjustment as set forth in the A R Note. 

Interest accruing
on the A R Note is payable to the March Investor in shares of Common Stock; provided, however, that the Company may pay any such
interest in cash or in a combination of cash and shares of Common Stock. The A R Note bears interest at a rate of 5 per annum and
matures on December 1, 2024 (the A R Note Maturity Date provided, however, that the A R Note Maturity Date may
be extended at the option of the as provided in the A R Note). 

The Company shall
have the right to redeem all, but not less than all, of the amount then outstanding amount under the A R Note at any time. Any redemption
shall be made by the Company in cash at a price equal to the greater of (i) 120 of the Conversion Amount (as defined in the A R
Note), and (ii) the product of (1) the Conversion Rate (as defined in the A R Note) with respect to the Conversion Amount being redeemed
multiplied by (2) the greatest closing sale price of our Common Stock on any trading day immediately preceding the date such redemption
payment is made. 

Amended and Restated
Warrant 

In connection with
the Purchase Agreement, the Company and March Investor agreed to amend and restate the Existing Warrant as set forth in that certain
Amended and Restated Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated March 25, 2024 (the A R Warrant). The A R Warrant is exercisable
for the purchase of up to shares of Common Stock at an exercise price of per share, subject to customary adjustments,
and (ii) expires five years from the Issue Date. 

May 2024 SPA and
STRATA 

On May 29, 2024 (the
 SPA Closing Date ), the Company closed on the transactions contemplated by that certain Securities Purchase Agreement (the
 SPA with an accredited investor (the Investor and entered into a STRATA Purchase Agreement (the STRATA
Agreement and together with the SPA, collectively, the Agreements with the Investor, whereby the Investor agreed
to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Common Stock ). 

Pursuant to the SPA,
the Company agreed to sell, and the Investor agreed to purchase, a convertible amortization note of the Company (the Note in the aggregate principal amount of (such Note being in the amount of and containing an original issue discount of
 , resulting in the purchase of such Note being ), which Note is convertible into shares of Common Stock as set forth in
the Note. In addition, on the SPA Closing Date, the Company issued shares of restricted Common Stock (the Commitment
Shares to the Investor as additional consideration and an inducement for the Investor to enter into the STRATA Agreement. 

Beginning on the
Commencement Date (as defined in the STRATA Agreement) and subject to the terms and conditions in the STRATA Agreement, the Company shall
have the right, but not the obligation, to direct the Investor to purchase up to Five Million Dollars of Common Stock (the
 Purchase Shares ), subject to adjustment, up to the Request Limit (as defined below), at the Purchase Price (as defined
below) on the date on which the Investor receives a valid notice (the Purchase Notice from the Company directing the Investor
to acquire the Purchase Shares (the date on which the Investor receives such notice, the Closing Request Date ). Pursuant
to the STRATA Agreement, the Company is not allowed to issue a Purchase Notice to the Investor until the Registration Statement (as defined
below) has been declared effective with the SEC. 

The foregoing description
of the May 29, 2024 transactions does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to the form of SPA, Note,
STRATA Agreement and RRA attached to Current Report on Form 8-K file by the Company June 4, 2024 with the SEC on as Exhibits 10.1, 4.1,
10.2 and 10.3, respectively. 

On June 14, 2024,
the Company issued a convertible promissory note to Coventry Enterprises, LLC in the aggregate principal amount of (which includes
 of Original Issue Discount). Coventry received restricted shares of Common Stock as Commitment Shares. 

The
Company accounted for the above Convertible Notes according to ASC 815. For the derivative financial instruments that are accounted for
as liabilities, the derivative liability was initially recorded at its fair value and is being re-valued at each reporting date, with
changes in the fair value reported in the statements of operations. 

For
the warrants that were issued with each tranche of funding, the Company uses a weighted-average Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model
to value the warrants at inception and then calculates the relative fair value for each loan. 

Commitment
shares are valued at the closing stock price on the effective date of the promissory note. The value of the shares is accounted for as
debt discount. 

The
Company deducts the total value of all discounts (OID, value of warrants, discount for derivative) from the calculated derivative liability
with any difference accounted for as a loss on debt issuance. 

The following table
summarizes the convertible notes outstanding as of September 30, 2024: 

Walleye Opportunities Fund 

Walleye Opportunities Fund 

Coventry Enterprises, LLC 

) (1) 

GS Capital Partners 

) 

Clearthink Capital Partners 

) 

Trillium Partners LP 

(2) 

) 

Walleye Opportunities Fund 

Clearthink Capital Partners 

Coventry Enterprises, LLC 

Total 

) 

Less debt discount 

) 

) 
 
 Convertible notes payable, net 

(1) 

(2) 

A summary of the
activity of the derivative liability for the notes above is as follows: 

Increase to derivative due to new issuances 

Decrease to derivative due to mark to market 

Decrease to derivative due to modification of conversion terms 

Balance at September 30, 2024 

and , respectively, for accrued compensation. 

Rachel
Boulds, CFO 

As of September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company owed Ms. Boulds
 and , respectively, for accrued compensation. 

Daniel
Harris, Chief Revenue Officer 

As of September
30, 2024 and 2023, the Company owed Mr. Harris, and , respectively, for accrued compensation. 

Erfran
Ibrahim, former CTO 

As of September
30, 2024 and 2023, the Company owed Mr. Ibrahim, and , respectively, for accrued compensation. 

Michael
Dorsey, Director 

During the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid Mr. Dorsey, and , respectively, for director fees. As of
September 30, 2024, the Company owes Mr. Dorsey . 

Greg Boehmer,
Director 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid Mr. Boehmer, and , respectively, for director fees and owes as
of September 30, 2024. In addition, the Company owes Mr. Boehmer and , for consulting services as of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023. 

Bart Fisher,
Director 

During the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company paid Mr. Fisher, and , respectively, for director fees and owes
 as of September 30, 2024. 

Bartholomew
Pan-Kita, Director 

During the
nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid Mr. Pan-Kita , , for director fees and owes as of September
30, 2024. 

Green Invest
Solutions Ltd. 

During September
2023, a note was issued to Green Invest Solutions Ltd. which is managed by the same individuals as Clean-Seas Morocco. The loan
is considered to be short-term and is not accruing interest. 

Management
of Clean-Seas Morocco 

On occasion, management
of Clean-Seas Morocco provides funds to the company for general operations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, 
and was due to management, respectively. There are no agreements and no interest rates applied. 

Note Payable 

Pursuant
to the Morocco Purchase Agreement, Clean-Seas paid an aggregate purchase price of for the Morocco Acquisition, of which 

shares of the Company s common stock,
par value per share (the Common Stock ), for an aggregate purchase price of up to , or 0.02 per share. Pursuant
to the January Agreement, which became effective on January 17, 2024, the Purchaser paid to the Company in exchange for 
shares of Common Stock. 

On February
9, 2024, the Company granted shares of common stock for services. The shares were valued at , the closing stock price
on the date of grant, for total non-cash compensation expense of . 

On February 22, 2024,
the Company granted shares of common stock for services. The shares were valued at , the closing stock price on the
date of grant, for total non-cash compensation expense of . The expense is being recognized over the term of the agreement. 

On February 23, 2024,
the Company granted shares of common stock for services. The shares were valued at , the closing stock price on the
date of grant, for total non-cash compensation expense of . The expense is being recognized over the term of the agreement. 

On February 9, 2024,
the Company issued shares of common stock to ClearThink, pursuant to the terms of a Securities Purchase Agreement (Note 7). 

On February 15, 2024,
the Company issued shares of common stock to Trillium Partners, pursuant to the terms of a Securities Purchase Agreement (Note
7). 

On March 22, 2024,
the Company granted shares of common stock for services. The shares were valued at , the closing stock price on the date
of grant, for total non-cash compensation expense of . 

On May 6, 2024, the
Company s transfer agent issued shares of common stock that were granted and expensed in a prior period and had been disclosed
as common stock to be issued. 

On May 29, 2024,
the Company issued shares of common stock for services. The shares were valued at , the closing stock price on the date
of grant, for total non-cash compensation expense of . 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, GS Capital Partners, LLC, converted and of principal and interest, respectively, into 
shares of common stock. 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, ClearThink, converted of principal, into shares of common stock. 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, Coventry converted of principal, into shares of common stock. 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, Trillium, converted and of principal and interest, respectively, into shares of
common stock. 

Refer to
Note 8 for shares issued to related parties. 

shares of Preferred Stock at par value per share with the following designations. 

Series
A Redeemable Preferred Stock 

On September 21,
2020, the Company created a series of Preferred Stock designating shares as Series A Redeemable Preferred Stock ranks senior
to the Company s Common Stock upon the liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company. The Series A Preferred Stock does
not bear a dividend or have voting rights and is not convertible into shares of our Common Stock. 

Series
B Preferred Stock 

On December 14, 2020,
the Company designated shares of its authorized preferred stock as Series B Convertible, Non-voting Preferred Stock (the Series
B Preferred Stock ). The Series B Preferred Stock does not bear a dividend or have voting rights. The Series B Preferred Stock
automatically converted into shares of common stock on January 1, 2023, at the rate of 10 shares of common stock for each share of Series
B Preferred Stock; however, due to an ongoing dispute with certain holders of the Series B Preferred Stock, which is expected to be resolved
through binding arbitration in December 2023, such conversion has not been effectuated as of the date hereof. Holders of our Series B
Preferred Stock have anti-dilution rights protecting their interests in the Company from the issuance of any additional shares of capital
stock for a two year period following conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock calculated at the rate of 20 on a fully diluted basis. 

On
December 17, 2020, the Company entered into a three-year consulting agreement with Leonard Tucker LLC Tucker ). Per the
terms of the agreement, Tucker received shares of Series B Preferred Stock
for services provided, which shares of Series B Preferred Stock are to be classified as mezzanine equity until they are fully issued.
As a result of the arbitrator s April decision regarding the Company s litigation with Tucker, April 15, 2024, Tucker does
not hold any shares of Series B Preferred Stock. See Note 12 Commitments and Contingencies (Legal Proceedings) below.
The Series B Preferred Stock were cancelled and credited to additional paid in capital. 

Series
C Preferred Stock 

On February
19, 2021, the Company amended its Articles of Incorporation whereby shares of preferred stock were designated Series C Convertible
Preferred Stock. The holders of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock are entitled to and shall vote together with the holders
of common stock. Each share of the Series C Convertible Preferred Stock automatically converted into ten shares of common stock on January
1, 2023; however, such conversion has not been effectuated as of the date hereof. 

shares of the Company s common stock. The Warrants are exercisable for shares of the Company s common stock at a price of
 per share and expire five years from the date of issuance. Using the fair value calculation, the relative fair value for the warrants
was calculated to determine the warrants recorded equity amount of which has been accounted for in additional paid in capital. 

Issued 

Cancelled 

Exercised 

Outstanding, December
 31, 2023 

Issued 

Cancelled 

Exercised 

) 

Outstanding, September
 30, 2024 

Legal Proceedings 

Presently, except
as described below, there are not any material pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or as to which any of its property
is subject, and no such proceedings are known to the Company to be threatened or contemplated against it. 

On January 30, 2023,
Leonard Tucker, LLC Tucker ), one of the holders of the Company s Series B Convertible Non-Voting Preferred Stock
(the Series B Preferred Stock filed an action against the Company (the Tucker Litigation in the Second
Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada (Case No. CV23-00188) alleging breach of contract, breach of implied covenant of good
faith and fair dealing, unjust enrichment, specific performance and declaratory relief (the Tucker Complaint ). The Tucker
Litigation arose from the 3-year Consulting Agreement the Company entered into with Tucker on December 17, 2020 (the Tucker Agreement ),
whereby Tucker agreed to perform certain strategic and business development services to the Company in exchange for shares
of Series B Preferred Stock and a consulting fee of per month. The shares of Series B Preferred Stock automatically
converted into shares of the Company s common stock (the Common Stock on January 1, 2023. 

The Company s
Transfer Agent was instructed to not issue the shares of Common Stock because of the ongoing dispute between the Company and Tucker regarding
Tucker s ability to perform under the Tucker Agreement due to, among other things, the action filed by the SEC against Profile
Solutions, Inc., Dan Oran and Tucker on September 9, 2022 in the United States District Court Southern District of Florida (Case No.
1:22-cv-22881) alleging, among other things, that Tucker violated Section 17(a)(1) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act and aided and abetted violations of Section 10(b) and Rule 10-b5 under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Tucker is seeking, among other things, that the Company issue the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to the Tucker Agreement. The Company is contesting all of the
allegations set forth in the Tucker Complaint. On February 24, 2023, the Company removed the Tucker Litigation to the United States District
of Nevada (Case No. 2:23-cv-00296) . 

On
February 27, 2023, the Company filed counterclaims against Tucker and its principal, Leonard Tucker (the Company Complaint ),
wherein the Company sought a judgment against Tucker declaring the Tucker Agreement unenforceable and invalid, as well as damages related
to its claims for breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, fraud, and breach of duty against
both Tucker and its principal. On March 10, 2023, the parties subsequently stipulated to stay the Tucker Litigation to attend binding
arbitration. On January 31, 2024, the arbitrator entered an interim award in favor of the Company related to a discovery dispute in the
arbitration for the sum of 19,625. 

On
January 25, 2024, the arbitrator entered her decision (the Decision regarding the parties relative liability in
the Tucker Litigation. Overall, the Decision concluded that the Company substantially prevailed on its claims, counterclaims, and defenses
in the Tucker Litigation. First, the Decision concluded that the Company prevailed on its claim that the Tucker Agreement is invalid
and unenforceable; and further concluded that the Company prevailed against Tucker on each of Tucker s causes of action based on
the Tucker Agreement, including Tucker s claims for breach of contract, breach of the breach of the implied covenant of good faith
and fair dealing, specific performance, and declaratory relief. Second, the Decision concluded no fraud or breach of duty with respect
to Tucker and its principal; and further concluded that Tucker may be entitled to retain the compensation paid by the Company for its
services under an unjust enrichment theory, in an amount to be determined. Based on the forgoing Decision, the arbitrator ordered
the parties to the Tucker Litigation to submit supplementary briefing regarding their respective available remedies. 

On
April 15, 2024, the arbitrator heard the parties arguments on the supplementary briefing regarding remedies and ruled (i) 100 of the
shares issued to Tucker as compensation under the Tucker Agreement be cancelled as a result of the Tucker Agreement being invalid and
unenforceable and (ii) Tucker was entitled to unjust enrichment damages in an amount equal to the monthly fee under the Tucker Agreement
for the period of engagement until the Company retained a licensed broker dealer to replace the services being performed under the Tucker
Agreement. 

As
a result of the arbitrator s decision with respect to remedies, the 

Accrued expenses 

Loans payable 

Total Current Liabilities of Discontinued Operations: 

The Term
Loan is evidenced by a promissory note (the Term Note executed by Clean-Seas WV in favor of the Lender with interest due
and payable on the 15 th calendar day of each month while any amount remains outstanding and the principal amount to be
repaid in full on the maturity date of February 1, 2027. The Term Note bears interest at a rate per annum equal to Term SOFR (as defined
in the Credit Agreement) plus 3.75 per annum. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an event of default,
the interest rate applicable to the Term Note shall be equal to 2 per annum above the interest rate otherwise applicable (the Default
Rate and all such interest accrued at the Default Rate shall be due and payable on demand of the Lender. 

F- 23 

Item 2: Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Forward-Looking
Statements 

The information in
this report contains forward-looking statements. All statements other than statements of historical fact made in this report are forward
looking. In particular, the statements herein regarding industry prospects and future results of operations or financial position are
forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as believes, estimates, 
 could, possibly, probably, anticipates, projects, expects, 
 may, will, or should or other variations or similar words. No assurances can be given that
the future results anticipated by the forward-looking statements will be achieved. Forward-looking statements reflect management s
current expectations and are inherently uncertain. If underlying assumptions prove inaccurate or unknown risks or uncertainties materialize,
our actual results may differ significantly from management s expectations. Should one or more of these uncertainties materialize,
or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those anticipated in these forward-looking
statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 

You are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
or, in the case of documents referred to or incorporated by reference, the date of those documents. 

The following discussion
and analysis should be read in conjunction with our unaudited financial statements, included herewith. This discussion should not be
construed to imply that the results discussed herein will necessarily continue into the future, or that any conclusion reached herein
will necessarily be indicative of actual operating results in the future. Such discussion represents only the best present assessment
of our management. 

Company Overview
and Description of Business 

Overview 

Clean Vision is a
new entrant in the clean energy and waste-to-value industries focused on clean technology and sustainability opportunities. By leveraging
innovative technology, we aim to responsibly resolve environmental challenges by producing valuable products. Currently, we are focused
on providing a solution to the plastic waste problem by converting the waste (feedstock) into saleable byproducts, such as precursors
for new plastic products, hydrogen and other clean-burning fuels that can be used to generate clean energy. Using a technology known
as pyrolysis, which heats the feedstock i.e. , plastic) at high temperatures in the absence of oxygen, so that the material does
not burn, we are able to convert the feedstock into (i) clean fuels i.e. plastic pyrolysis oil, (ii) clean hydrogen (specifically,
the Company s branded clean hydrogen, AquaH , which trademark was issued by the USPTO on November 8, 2023 and published
on November 28, 2023), and (iii) carbon char. We intend to generate revenue from the following sources: (i) service revenue from the
recycling services we provide; (ii) revenue generated from the sale of commodities; (iii) revenue generated from the sale of environmental
credits; and (iv) revenue generated from the sale of equipment. Our mission is to aid in solving the problem of cost-effectively upcycling
the vast amount of plastic feedstock generated on land before it flows into the world s oceans. 

24 

According
to analysis and projections reported by the EIA on June 14, 2023, it is estimated that while annual demand growth is expected to drop
from 2.4 million barrels per day mb/d due to a shift in focus to a clean energy economy, global oil demand will rise
by 6 from 2022 to 2028, reaching 105.7 mb/d. The EIA also estimates that upstream investments
in oil and gas exploration, extraction and production were on course to reach their highest levels since 2015, growing 11 year-on-year
to 528 billion in 2023. 

Additionally,
as stated in the Hydrogen Generation Market Research published by Allied Market Research in September 2022, the global hydrogen generation
market size was valued at 136.3 billion in 2021 and is expected to each 262 billion by 2031, growing at a CAGR of 6.8 from 2022 to
2031. The Hydrogen Generation Market Research explains that hydrogen plays a vital role in the chemicals and oil gas industry,
with major factors driving the hydrogen
generation market growth mostly due to ongoing unprecedented revolutions under the net zero emissions scenario, where global output of
hydrogen is expected to reach 200 metric tons in 2030 when it is estimated that around 70 of hydrogen production will be done through
low carbon technologies. It is anticipated that by 2050, the production of hydrogen will increase to roughly 500 metric tons and that
energy efficiency, electrification, renewable energy, hydrogen and hydrogen based fuels, and carbon, capture, utilization and storage
are some of the major technology pillars to decarbonize the world energy system. 

According
to the research and analysis by Argonne published in the Journal of Cleaner Production on November 1, 2023, plastics are important products
for the modern economy, reaching production of 367 and 56 million tons in the world and North America, respectively, in 2022. The Argonne
research also states that as of November 2023, the plastic industry relied heavily on fossil resources with data suggesting that 6 of
the global production of crude oil and natural gas liquids is devoted to the production of plastics and is expected to increase to 20 
in 2050, resulting in higher waste generation. According to Argonne, while recycling could reduce reliance on fossil resources and waste
generation in the plastic industry while converting post-use plastic into a resource, only 9 of the post-use plastic collected in the
United States is mechanically recycled due to diverse economic, technical environmental and regulatory barriers. 

Further,
the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development has suggested that global plastics use is projected to almost triple between
2019 and 2060, with estimates of an increase from 460 million tons to 1,231 million tons yearly. 

We
believe that in the near future, a significant growth sector of the economy will be in clean energy and sustainable products and services.
This belief was a key factor in our shift in our business focus in May 2020 and our acquisition of Clean-Seas, Inc. Clean-Seas ),
which became our wholly owned subsidiary on May 19, 2020. We believe that Clean-Seas has made significant progress in identifying and
developing its business model around the clean energy and waste-to-value sectors. 

Clean
Vision was established in 2017 as a company focused on the acquisition of disruptive technologies that will impact the digital economy.
The Company, which was formerly known as Byzen Digital Inc., changed its corporate name to Clean Vision on March 12, 2021. 

All
operations are currently being conducted through Clean-Seas. Clean-Seas acquired its first pyrolysis unit in November 2021 for use in
a pilot project in India, which began operations in early May 2022. On April 23, 2023, Clean-Seas completed its acquisition of a fifty-one
percent (51 interest in EcoSynergie, which changed its name to Clean-Seas Morocco, LLC on such date. Clean-Seas Morocco began operations
at its pyrolysis facility in Agadir, Morocco, in April 2023, which currently has capacity to convert 20 TPD of waste plastic through
pyrolysis 

Available Information 

All reports of the
Company filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC or the Commission are available
free of charge through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. In addition, the public may read and copy materials filed by the Company
at the SEC s Public Reference Room located at 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may also obtain additional
information on the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the Commission at 1-800-SEC-0330. 

25 

Our principal executive
offices are located at 2711 N. Sepulveda Blvd., Suite #1051, Manhattan Beach, CA 90266. Our telephone number is (424) 835-1845. 

Our common stock
is quoted on the OTCQB maintained by OTC Markets, Inc. under the symbol CLNV . 

Results of
Operations 

Three Months
Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 

Revenue 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized revenue of 34,799 and 26,908, respectively from our subsidiary Clean-Seas
Morocco, an increase of 7,891 or 29.3 . Revenue from operations is generated from the processing
of plastic waste material ("feedstock") at our plant in Agadir, Morocco. The plastic feedstock is put through a pyrolysis system
which applies pressure and heat, in the absence of oxygen (no incineration), converting the plastic back to its petroleum form. The revenue
was generated from selling the output product, "pyrolysis oil," to a local oil and gas wholesaler in Morocco, called the "off-taker".
We receive the plastic feedstock in Agadir at 0 cost, but variable expenses include labor, land lease, and overhead such as insurance.

Consulting
Expense 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had consulting expenses of 230,819 and 389,925, respectively, a decrease of 159,106 or 40.8 .
The decrease is primarily due to fewer shares of common stock issued for services in the current period. In the prior period we issued
stock for services for non-cash consulting expense of approximately 158,000. 

Advertising
and Promotion Expense 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had advertising and promotion expenses of 30,109 and 0, respectively. The Company has been actively
increasing its marketing activities 2024. 

Development
Expense 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had development expenses of 172,525 and 0, respectively. Development expenses have and will continue
to increase with the development of our PCN facility in West Virginia. 

Professional
Fees 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had professional fees of 36,399 and 79,527, respectively. In the current period both our legal
and audit fees decreased. 

Payroll Expense 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had payroll expenses of 337,378 and 217,806, respectively, an increase of 119,572 or 55 . The
increase is due to additional employees in the current period compared to the prior period. 

Director Fees 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had director fees of 23,500 and 13,500, respectively, an increase of 10,000 or 74.1 . One new
director was added to the Company in 2024. 

General and Administrative
expense 

 For the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had G A expenses of 127,125 and 401,845, respectively, a decrease of 274,720 or 68.4 . In
the current period we have had to decrease spending while the Company pursues financing opportunities. 

26 

Other Income and Expense 

For the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had total other expense of 673,746 compared to total other income of 68,473, respectively In
the current period we recognized 604,056 of interest expense, of which 529,041 was amortization of debt discount, a gain in the change
in fair value of derivative of 114,413, a gain on the conversion of debt of 35,698 and penalty expense for default on a convertible
note of 219,801. For the three months ended September 30, 2023, we had total other income of 68,473 compared to total other expense
of 22,791 for the three months ended September 30, 2022. In the current period we recognized 1,590,647 of interest expense, of which
 1,532,111 was amortization of debt discount, a gain in the change in fair value of derivative of 1,038,342 and a gain on the conversion
of debt of 620,778. 

Net Loss 

Net loss for the
three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was 1,552,709 (after deducting 46,240 for the non-controlling interest) and 1,047,330,
respectively. 

 . 

 Nine Months
Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 

Revenue 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recognized revenue of 107,946 and 188,205, respectively from our subsidiary Clean-Seas
Morocco. The decrease in revenue to due to a technical issue with the equipment in Morocco resulting in the plant needing to be shut
down while repairs were being made. Revenue from operations is generated from the processing of
plastic waste material ("feedstock") at our plant in Agadir, Morocco. The plastic feedstock is put through a pyrolysis system
which applies pressure and heat, in the absence of oxygen (no incineration), converting the plastic back to its petroleum form. The revenue
was generated from selling the output product, "pyrolysis oil," to a local oil and gas wholesaler in Morocco, called the "off-taker".
We receive the plastic feedstock in Agadir at 0 cost, but variable expenses include labor, land lease, and overhead such as insurance.

Consulting
Expense 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had consulting expenses of 837,764 and 1,084,423, respectively, a decrease of 246,659 or 22,7 .
The decrease is due to both fewer shares of common stock issued for services and no longer using certain consultants during the current
period. 

Advertising
and Promotion Expense 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had advertising and promotion expenses of 90,820 and 0, respectively. The Company has been actively
increasing its marketing activities 2024. 

Development
Expense 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had development expenses of 221,896 and 0, respectively. Development expenses have and will continue
to increase with the development of our PCN facility in West Virginia. 

Professional
Fees 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had professional fees of 359,049 and 621,087, respectively, a decrease of 262,038 or 42.2 .
The decrease is mostly due to a decrease in legal fees during the period. 

Payroll Expense 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had payroll expenses of 967,816 and 750,070, respectively, an increase of 217,746 or 29 . The
increase is due to the additional hiring of employee for Clean Seas. 

27 

Director Fees 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had director fees of 65,495 and 101,500, respectively, a decrease of 36,008 or 35.5 . In the
prior period we issued 500,000 shares of common stock to a new director for total non-cash compensation expense of 61,000. In April
of 2024 we hired an additional director. 

General and Administrative
expense 

 For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had G A expenses of 789,589 and 1,162,648, respectively, a decrease of 373,059 or 32.1 .
In the current period we have had to decrease spending while the Company pursues financing opportunities. 

Other Income
and Expense 

For the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we had total other expense of 2,469,527 and 2,902,745, respectively In the current period we recognized
 2,970,618 of interest expense, of which 2,637,053 was amortization of debt discount, a loss of 357,140 for the issuance of convertible
debt, a gain in the change in fair value of derivative of 825,903, a gain on the extinguishment of debt of 216,430. We also had penalty
expense for default on a convertible note of 219,801. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we had total other expense of 2,902,745
compared to 241,739 for the nine months ended September 30, 2022. In the current period we recognized 3,299,800 of interest expense,
of which 3,169,050 was amortization of debt discount and a loss on debt issuance of 2,676,526. This was offset with a gain of 881,660
for the conversion of debt, 17,500 from extinguishment of debt and a gain in the change in fair value of derivative of 2,174,421. 

Net Loss 

Net loss for the
nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was 5,538,238 (after deducting 167,039 for the non-controlling interest) and 6,474,944,
respectively. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

Cash Flow from
Operating Activities 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we used 1,512,095 and 3,412,108 of cash used in operating activities. During the current period,
we incurred a net loss of 5,705,277, adjusted by 2,555,420 for non-cash items and 1,637,762 in adjustments for changes in assets and
liabilities. 3,412,108 of cash in operating activities, which included 3,626,965 for non-cash items and 582,532 for operating activities. 

Cash Flow from
Investing Activities 

During
the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used 178,478 for the purchase of property and equipment. During the nine months ended September
30, 2023, we used 2,000,000 for prepayment for the acquisition of Morocco-based Ecosynergie Group. 

Cash Flow from
Financing Activities 

During the nine months
ended September 30, 2024, we had net cash received of 1,343,697. We received 1,358,500 of proceeds from convertible notes, 200,000
proceeds from the sale of Common Stock, 42,152 from other notes payable. Cash received was offset by repayment of 314,285 of a
convertible note payable and a cash overdraft of 57,330. In the prior period we received 4,809,500 from a convertible note payable,
 42,500 from a note payable, 5,000 from our CEO, and 533,000 from the sale of our common stock. We also received 1,750,000 for a long-term
liability. We repaid 32,910 of the loans owed to related parties, 270,000 of a convertible note and 72,780 on other notes payable. 

Going Concern 

The
Company s financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles applicable to a going concern
basis, which contemplates the realization of assets and the liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the nine
months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had a working capital deficit of 13,680,981, an accumulated deficit of 40,370,138 and
net loss of 5,705,277. The Company has not yet established a source of revenue sufficient to cover its operating costs and has incurred
net losses since inception. The obtainment of additional financing, the successful development of the Company s contemplated plan
of operations, and its transition, ultimately, to the attainment of profitable operations are necessary for the Company to continue operations.
The Company s ability to raise additional capital through the future issuances of common stock and/or debt financing is unknown. 

28 

The
Company believes that its current cash on hand will not be sufficient to fund its projected operating requirements for the next twelve
months since the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Management
plans to continue to implement its business plan and to fund operations by raising additional capital through the issuance of debt and
equity securities. The Company s existence is dependent upon management's ability to implement its business plan and/or obtain
additional funding. There can be no assurance that the Company s financing efforts will result in profitable operations or the
resolution of the Company's liquidity problems. Even if the Company is able to obtain additional financing, it may include undue restrictions
on our operations in the case of debt or cause substantial dilution for our stockholders in the case of equity financing. These conditions
and the ability to successfully resolve these factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going
concern for the next twelve-month period since the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

The
Company does not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on its
financial condition, changes in financial condition, sales or expenses, results of operations, liquidity or capital expenditures, or
capital resources that are material to an investment in its securities. 

Capital Raising
Transactions 

Proceeds from
Notes Payable 

We generated net
proceeds of 1,358,500 from the issuance of convertible notes during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Other outstanding
obligations at September 30, 2024 

Convertible
Notes Payable 

The Company has convertible
promissory notes aggregating 5,215,483 (not including debt discounts) outstanding at September 30, 2024. The accrued interest amounted
to approximately 404,000 as of September 30, 2024. The convertible notes payable bear interest at rates ranging between 5 and 12 per
annum. 

Critical Accounting
Policies 

See the Company s
discussion under Note 2 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in its financial statements. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE
AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

We are a smaller
reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide the information
under this Item. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS
AND PROCEDURES 

During the quarter
ended September 30, 2024, we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, using the Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) developed
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)). Based upon that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered in this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were not
effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended,
are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the required time periods specified in the Commission s rules and forms
and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as
appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

29 

Our principal executive
officer and principal financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures or our internal controls will prevent
all error or fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance
that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Due to the inherent limitations in all control systems,
no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 

Changes in Internal
Control over Financial Reporting 

There have been no
changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially
or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal controls over financial reporting 

PART II - OTHER
INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL
PROCEEDINGS 

Presently, except
as described below, there are not any material pending legal proceedings to which the Company is a party or as to which any of its property
is subject, and no such proceedings are known to the Company to be threatened or contemplated against it. 

On January 30, 2023,
Leonard Tucker, LLC Tucker ), one of the holders of the Company s Series B Convertible Non-Voting Preferred Stock
(the Series B Preferred Stock filed an action against the Company (the Tucker Litigation in the Second
Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada (Case No. CV23-00188) alleging breach of contract, breach of implied covenant of good
faith and fair dealing, unjust enrichment, specific performance and declaratory relief (the Tucker Complaint ). The Tucker
Litigation arose from the 3-year Consulting Agreement the Company entered into with Tucker on December 17, 2020 (the Tucker Agreement ),
whereby Tucker agreed to perform certain strategic and business development services to the Company in exchange for 2,000,000 shares
of Series B Preferred Stock and a consulting fee of 20,000 per month. The 2,000,000 shares of Series B Preferred Stock automatically
converted into 20,000,000 shares of the Company s common stock (the Common Stock on January 1, 2023. 

The Company s
Transfer Agent was instructed to not issue the shares of Common Stock because of the ongoing dispute between the Company and Tucker regarding
Tucker s ability to perform under the Tucker Agreement due to, among other things, the action filed by the SEC against Profile
Solutions, Inc., Dan Oran and Tucker on September 9, 2022 in the United States District Court Southern District of Florida (Case No.
1:22-cv-22881) alleging, among other things, that Tucker violated Section 17(a)(1) and 17(a)(3) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended
(the Securities Act and aided and abetted violations of Section 10(b) and Rule 10-b5 under the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Tucker is seeking, among other things, that the Company issue the shares of Common
Stock issuable upon conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock pursuant to the Tucker Agreement. The Company is contesting all of the
allegations set forth in the Tucker Complaint. On February 24, 2023, the Company removed the Tucker Litigation to the United States District
of Nevada (Case No. 2:23-cv-00296) . 

On
February 27, 2023, the Company filed counterclaims against Tucker and its principal, Leonard Tucker (the Company Complaint ),
wherein the Company sought a judgment against Tucker declaring the Tucker Agreement unenforceable and invalid, as well as damages related
to its claims for breach of contract, breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing, fraud, and breach of duty against
both Tucker and its principal. On March 10, 2023, the parties subsequently stipulated to stay the Tucker Litigation to attend binding
arbitration. On January 31, 2024, the arbitrator entered an interim award in favor of the Company related to a discovery dispute in the
arbitration for the sum of 19,625.00. 

On
January 25, 2024, the arbitrator entered her decision (the Decision regarding the parties relative liability in
the Tucker Litigation. Overall, the Decision concluded that the Company substantially prevailed on its claims, counterclaims, and defenses
in the Tucker Litigation. First, the Decision concluded that the Company prevailed on its claim that the Tucker Agreement is invalid
and unenforceable; and further concluded that the Company prevailed against Tucker on each of Tucker s causes of action based on
the Tucker Agreement, including Tucker s claims for breach of contract, breach of the breach of the implied covenant of good faith
and fair dealing, specific performance, and declaratory relief.
Second, the Decision concluded no fraud or breach of duty with respect to Tucker and its principal; and further concluded that Tucker
may be entitled to retain the compensation paid by the Company for its services under an unjust enrichment theory, in an amount to be
determined. Based on the forgoing Decision, the arbitrator ordered the parties to the Tucker Litigation to submit supplementary
briefing regarding their respective available remedies. 

30 

On
April 15, 2024, the arbitrator heard the parties arguments on the supplementary briefing regarding remedies and ruled (i) 100 of the
shares issued to Tucker as compensation under the Tucker Agreement be cancelled as a result of the Tucker Agreement being invalid and
unenforceable and (ii) Tucker was entitled to unjust enrichment damages in an amount equal to the monthly fee under the Tucker Agreement
for the period of engagement until the Company retained a licensed broker dealer to replace the services being performed under the Tucker
Agreement. 

As
a result of the arbitrator s decision with respect to remedies, the Company paid Tucker the amount of 375, calculated as 20,000
fee owed to Tucker, minus the 19,625 awarded to the Company. 

ITEM 1A. RISK
FACTORS 

We are a smaller
reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and, as such, are not required to provide the information
under this Item. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED
SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

During the
nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, the Company did not issue any shares not previously
reported in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS
UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY
DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER
INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Exhibit Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws effective March 4, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2024) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Convertible Amortization Note Issued on February 12, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2024) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Promissory Note dated February 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2024) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Senior Convertible Note dated March 25, 2024 (insixcorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated March 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Senior Convertible Note dated March 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024) 
 
 4.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Warrant to Purchase Common Stock dated March 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024) 
 
 10.1 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Fred Sexton effective January 17, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 23, 2024) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Clearthink Capital Partners, LLC dated February 12, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2024) 
 
 10.3 
 
 STRATA Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Clearthink Capital Partners, LLC dated February 12, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 16, 2024) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement by and between the Company and Trillium Partners L. dated February 15, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 4, 2024) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement dated March 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated March 25, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 29, 2024) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as enacted by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Exchange Act, as enacted by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 
 
 32 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, pursuant to 18 United States Code Section 1350, as enacted by Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

31 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

Date:
 November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Daniel Bates 

Name:
 
 Daniel
 Bates 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive
 Officer) 

Date: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Rachel Boulds 

Name: 
 Rachel Boulds 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

32 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31_1.htm

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF 
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Daniel Bates,
Chief Executive Officer of Clean Vision Corporation (the Registrant certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of the Registrant; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and we have: 

(a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the Registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in
this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the Registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Dated: November
19, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel
 Bates 

Daniel Bates 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31_2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF
CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO SECTION 302 OF 
THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Rachel Boulds,
Chief Financial Officer of Clean Vision Corporation (the Registrant certify that: 

1. I have reviewed
this quarterly report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of the Registrant; 

2. Based on my knowledge,
this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements
made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this
report; 

3. Based on my knowledge,
the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial
condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The Registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the Registrant and we have: 

(a) Designed such
disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the Registrant, including its subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities,
particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such
internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the
effectiveness of the Registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in
this report any change in the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the Registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The Registrant s
other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to
the Registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the Registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent
functions): 

(a) All significant
deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely
to adversely affect the Registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether
material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Rachel
 Boulds 

Rachel Boulds 

Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting
 Executive) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 ex32.htm

Exhibit 32 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

 ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF
THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with the Quarterly Report of Clean Vision Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the six months ended September
30, 2024 as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Daniel
Bates, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec.1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that to my knowledge: 

(1) 
 The Report fully complies with the
 requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) 
 The information
 contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company
 at the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: November
19, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Daniel
 Bates 

Daniel Bates 
 Chief Executive
 Officer 

(Principal Executive) 

In connection
with the Quarterly Report of Clean Vision Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the six months ended September 30, 2024
as filed with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Rachel Boulds,
Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Sec.1350, adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the
Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information
contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company at
the dates and for the periods indicated. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Rachel
 Boulds 

Rachel Boulds 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting
 Executive) 

A signed original
of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signature
that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to Clean
Vision Corporation and will be retained by Clean Vision Corporation and furnished to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 clnv-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 clnv-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 clnv-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 clnv-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

