<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241108_10-Q_edgar_data_947559_0000947559-24-000055.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>14744274</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>156586</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1841897</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7183017</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2691520</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2488860</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000947559-24-000055.hdr.sgml : 20241108
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241108115945
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000947559-24-000055
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241108
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241108

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FIRST BANCSHARES INC /MS/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000947559
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				640862173
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MS
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42107
		FILM NUMBER:		241438934

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6480 US HIGHWAY 98 WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			HATTIESBURG
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39402
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6012688998

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		6480 US HIGHWAY 98 WEST
		STREET 2:		SUITE A
		CITY:			HATTIESBURG
		STATE:			MS
		ZIP:			39402

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	COMMUNITY CAPITAL CORP /MS/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19950705

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000947559-24-000055.txt : 20241108

10-Q
 1
 fbms-20240930.htm
 10-Q

fbms-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

U.S. SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to ________ 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State of Incorporation) (IRS Employer Identification No) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered , par value 1.00 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes o No 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Common stock, 1.00 par value, 32,448,706 shares issued and outstanding as of November 1, 2024. 
 Auditor Firm PCAOB ID: 686 Auditor Name: Forvis Mazars, LLP Auditor Location: Jackson, MS 

Table of Contents 

 The First Bancshares, Inc. 
 Form 10-Q 
 Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 
 Index 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets Unaudited at September 30, 2024 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income Unaudited 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Unaudited 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity Unaudited 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Unaudited 
 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements Unaudited 
 10 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 62 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 64 
 Part II. Other Information 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 65 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 65 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 65 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 66 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 66 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 66 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 67 
 Signatures 
 68 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits with banks Total cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost: - 2024; - 2023; allowance for credit losses: 
 Securities held to maturity, net of allowance for credit losses of (fair value: - 2024; - 2023) 
 Other securities Total securities Loans held for sale Loans held for investment Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loans held for investment Interest receivable Premises and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance lease right-of-use assets Cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance Goodwill Other real estate owned Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Liabilities: Deposits: Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing Total deposits Interest payable Borrowed funds Subordinated debentures Operating lease liabilities Finance lease liabilities Allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit exposures Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity: Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued at September 30, 2024, and par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, shares at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 in thousands, except earnings and dividends per share) 
 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest and dividend income: Interest and fees on loans Interest and dividends on securities: Taxable interest and dividends Tax exempt interest Interest on federal funds sold and interest-bearing deposits in other banks Total interest income Interest expense: Interest on deposits Interest on borrowed funds Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses, LHFI Provision for credit losses, OBSC exposures Net interest income after provision for credit losses Non-interest income: Service charges on deposit accounts Gain (loss) on securities ) (Loss) gain on sale of premises and equipment ) ) ) Government awards/grants Other Total non-interest income Non-interest expense: Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Acquisition expense Other Total non-interest expense Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Basic earnings per share Diluted earnings per share 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 in thousands) 
 (Unaudited) (Unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period on available-for-sale securities ) ) Reclassification adjustment for (accretion) amortization of unrealized holdings gain/(loss) included in accumulated other comprehensive income from the transfer of securities available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net income ) ) ) Unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period on available-for-sale securities ) ) Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 
 in thousands except per share data, unaudited) 

Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends on common stock, per share 
 ) ) Issuance of common shares for HSBI acquisition Issuance of restricted stock grants ) Restricted stock grants forfeited ) ) Repurchase of restricted stock for payment of taxes ) ) ) ) Compensation expense Balance, March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends on common stock, per share 
 ) ) Issuance of restricted stock grants ) Restricted stock grants forfeited ) ) Compensation expense Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends on common stock, per share 
 ) ) Issuance of restricted stock grants ) Restricted stock grants forfeited ) ) Repurchase of restricted stock for payment of taxes ) ) ) ) Compensation expense Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY CONTINUED 
 in thousands except per share data, unaudited) 

 Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Treasury Stock Total Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance, January 1, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends on common stock, per share 
 ) ) Issuance of restricted stock grants ) Repurchase of restricted stock for payment of taxes ) ) ) ) Compensation expense Balance, March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends on common stock, per share 
 ) ) Issuance of restricted stock grants ) Restricted stock grants forfeited ) ) Repurchase of restricted stock for payment of taxes ) ) ) ) Compensation expense Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends on common stock, per share 
 ) ) Issuance of restricted stock grants ) Restricted stock grants forfeited ) ) Repurchase of restricted stock for payment of taxes ) ) ) ) Compensation expense Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 in thousands) 

 (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation, amortization, and accretion Provision for credit loss Loss on sale or write-down of ORE Securities (gain) loss ) Loss (gain) on disposal of premises and equipment ) Restricted stock expense Increase in cash value of life insurance ) ) Federal Home Loan Bank stock dividends ) ) Residential loans originated and held for sale ) ) Proceeds from sale of residential loans held for sale Changes in: Interest receivable ) Interest payable ) Operating lease liability ) ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Available-for-sale securities: Sales Maturities, prepayments, and calls Purchases ) Held-to-maturity securities: Maturities, prepayments, and calls Purchases of other securities ) ) Proceeds from other securities Net increase in loans ) ) Net changes in premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Proceeds from the sale of premises and equipment Benefits received on bank owned life insurance policies Cash received in excess of cash paid for acquisitions Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Increase (decrease) in deposits ) Proceeds from borrowed funds Repayments of borrowed funds ) ) Principal payments on finance lease liabilities ) ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Called/repayment of subordinated debt ) Repurchase of restricted stock for payment of taxes ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Beginning cash and cash equivalents Ending cash and cash equivalents 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS CONTINUED 
 in thousands) 

(Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental disclosures: Cash paid during the year for: Interest Income taxes, (net of refunds) Non-cash activities: Loans transferred to other real estate Issuance of restricted stock grants Dividends on restricted stock grants Stock issued in connection with HSBI acquisition Lease liabilities arising from obtaining right-of-use assets Lease liabilities arising from HSBI acquisition 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 
 September 30, 2024 
 
 NOTE 1 
 
 NOTE 2 
 par value per share (the "Common Stock"), from Nasdaq and transfer the listing to the New York Stock Exchange ("NYSE"). The listing and trading of the Common Stock on Nasdaq ended at market close on May 29, 2024, and trading commenced on the NYSE at market open on May 30, 2024. The Common Stock is traded on the NYSE under the symbol "FBMS." 
 On July 29, 2024, the Company entered into a definitive merger agreement (the "Merger Agreement") with Renasant Corporation ("Renasant"), the holding company for Renasant Bank, whereby the Company will merge with and into Renasant, with Renasant continuing as the surviving corporation, and immediately thereafter, the Bank will merge with and into Renasant Bank (collectively, the " Renasant Merger"). Subject to the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, the companies will combine in an all-stock transaction in which all shareholders of the Company will receive share of Renasant common stock for each share of Company common stock. The Renasant Merger has been approved by each company's board of directors and shareholders and is expected to close in the first half of 2025. Completion of the Renasant Merger remains subject to customary closing conditions, including the receipt of required regulatory approvals. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately billion in assets, billion in net loans held for investment LHFI ), billion in deposits, and billion in shareholders' equity. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company reported net income of million. 
 On February 23, 2024, the Company paid a cash dividend in the amount of per share to shareholders of record as of the close of business on February 7, 2024. On May 23, 2024, the Company paid a cash dividend in the amount of per share to shareholders of record as of the close of business on May 7, 2024. On August 23, 2024, the Company paid a cash dividend in the amount of per share to shareholders of record as of the close of business on August 8, 2024. On October 23, 2024, the Company announced that its Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of per share to be paid on its common stock on November 22, 2024 to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 8, 2024. 
 
 NOTE 3 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 11 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 4 
 of a share of Company common stock. The Company paid a total consideration of million to the former HSBI shareholders as consideration in the acquisition, which included shares of the Company's common stock, and thousand in cash in lieu of fractional shares. The HSBI acquisition provided the opportunity for the Company to expand its operations in Georgia and the Florida panhandle. 
 In connection with the acquisition of HSBI, the Company recorded million of goodwill, of which million funded the ACL for estimated losses on the acquired PCD loans, and million core deposit intangible. Goodwill is not deductible for income taxes. The core deposit intangible will be amortized to expense over years. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 ) Investments Loans Core deposit intangible Personal and real property Other real estate owned Bank owned life insurance Deferred taxes ) Interest receivable Other assets Total assets ) Liabilities and equity: Deposits Trust Preferred Other liabilities Total liabilities Net assets acquired ) Consideration paid Goodwill 
 During the fourth quarter of 2023, the Company finalized its analysis and valuation adjustments have been made to cash and due from banks, other real estate owned, and deferred taxes since initially reported. 
 Beach Bancorp, Inc. 
 On August 1, 2022, the Company completed its acquisition of Beach Bancorp, Inc. ("BBI"), pursuant to an Agreement and Plan of Merger dated April 26, 2022, by and between the Company and BBI (the "BBI Merger Agreement"). Upon the completion of the merger of BBI with and into the Company, Beach Bank, BBI's wholly-owned subsidiary, was merged with and into The First Bank. Under the terms of the BBI Merger Agreement, each share of BBI common stock and each share of BBI preferred stock was converted into the right to receive of a share of Company common stock (the "BBI Exchange Ratio"), and all stock options awarded under the BBI equity plans were converted automatically into an option to purchase shares of Company common stock on the same terms and conditions as applicable to each such BBI option as in effect immediately prior to the effective time, with the number of shares underlying each such option and the applicable exercise price adjusted based on the BBI Exchange Ratio. The BBI merger provides the opportunity for the Company to expand its operations in the Florida panhandle and enter the Tampa market. The Company paid consideration of million to the former BBI shareholders including shares of the Company's common stock and thousand in cash in lieu of fractional shares, and also assumed options entitling the owners thereof to purchase an additional shares of the Company's common stock. 
 In connection with the acquisition of BBI, the Company recorded million of goodwill, of which million funded the ACL for estimated losses on the acquired PCD loans, and million core deposit intangible. Goodwill is not deductible for income taxes. The core deposit intangible will be amortized to expense over years. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Total purchase price Identifiable assets: Cash Investments ) Loans Other real estate ) Bank owned life insurance Core deposit intangible Personal and real property ) Deferred tax asset ) Other assets ) Total assets ) Liabilities and equity: Deposits Borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities Net assets acquired ) Goodwill 
 During the third quarter of 2023, the Company finalized its analysis and valuation adjustments that have been made to investments, loans, other real estate, personal and real property, deferred tax asset, other assets, and deposits. 
 
 NOTE 5 
 anti-dilutive common stock equivalents excluded in the calculations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Effect of dilutive shares: Restricted stock grants Diluted earnings per share 
 in thousands, except per share amount) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Net Income (Numerator) Shares (Denominator) Per Share Data Net Income (Numerator) Shares (Denominator) Per Share Data Basic earnings per share Effect of dilutive shares: Restricted stock grants Diluted earnings per share 
 The Company granted shares and shares of restricted stock in the first quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company granted shares and shares of restricted stock in the second quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company granted shares and shares of restricted stock in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 NOTE 6 
 
 NOTE 7 
 Unused lines of credit Standby letters of credit 
 Commitments to make loans are generally made for periods of 90 days or less. The fixed rate loan commitments have interest rates ranging from to and maturities ranging from approximately year to years. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Credit loss expense related to OBSC exposures Balance at end of period 
 Adjustments to the ACL on OBSC exposures are recorded to provision for credit losses related to OBSC exposures. The Company recorded ACL provision for the three months period ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. For the nine months period ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded provision to the ACL on OBSC exposures compared to thousand for the same period in 2023. The ACL on OBSC exposures for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes the day one provision for unfunded commitments related to the HSBI acquisition and an increase in unfunded commitments. 
 No credit loss estimate is reported for OBSC exposures that are unconditionally cancellable by the Company or for undrawn amounts under such arrangements that may be drawn prior to the cancellation on the arrangement. 
 
 NOTE 8 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 percent to account for cost associated with litigation and collection. Non-real estate collateral may be valued using an appraisal, net book value per the borrower s financial statements, or aging reports, adjusted or discounted based on management s expertise and knowledge of the client and client s business, resulting in a Level 3 fair value classification. Impaired loans are evaluated on a quarterly basis for additional impairment. 
 Other Real Estate Owned : Other real estate owned consists of properties obtained through foreclosure. The adjustment at the time of foreclosure is recorded through the allowance for credit losses. Fair value of other real estate owned is based on current independent appraisals of the collateral less costs to sell when acquired, establishing a new cost basis. These assets are subsequently accounted for at lower of cost or fair value less estimated costs to sell. Fair value is commonly based on recent real estate appraisals, which are updated no less frequently than annually. These appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination of approaches including comparable sales and the income approach with data from comparable properties. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available. Such adjustments, if any, result in a Level 3 classification of the inputs for determining fair value. In the determination of fair value subsequent to foreclosure, management also considers other factors or recent developments, such as changes in market conditions from the time of valuation and anticipated sales values considering plans for disposition, which could result in an adjustment to lower the collateral value estimates indicated in the appraisals. The Company generally adjusts the appraisal down by approximately percent to account for carrying costs. Periodic revaluations are classified as Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy since assumptions are used that may not be observable in the market. Due to the subjective nature of establishing the fair value when the asset is acquired, the actual fair value of the other real estate owned or foreclosed asset could differ from the original estimate. If it is determined the fair value declines subsequent to foreclosure, a valuation allowance is recorded through other non-interest income. Operating costs associated with the assets after acquisition are also recorded as non-interest expense. Gains and losses on the disposition of other real estate owned and foreclosed assets are netted and recorded in other non-interest income. Other real estate owned is classified within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Interest Rate Swaps: The Company offers interest rate swaps to certain commercial loan customers to allow them to hedge the risk of rising interest rates on their variable rate loans. The Company originates a variable rate loan and enters into a variable to fixed interest rate swap with the customer. The Company also enters into an offsetting swap with a correspondent bank. These back-to-back agreements are intended to offset each other and allow the Company to originate a variable rate loan, while providing the contract or fixed interest payments for the customer. In addition, the Company will enter into risk participation agreements ("RPA"). Under an RPA-in agreement, a derivative liability, the Company assumes, or participates in, a portion of the credit risk associated with the interest rate swap position with the commercial borrower, for a fee received from the other bank. Under an RPA-out agreement, a derivative asset, the Company participates out a portion of the credit risk associated with the interest rate swap position executed with the commercial borrower, for a fee paid to the participating bank. RPAs are derivative financial instruments recorded at fair value. Although we have determined that a majority of the inputs used to value our derivatives fall within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy, the credit assumptions associated with our risk participation agreements utilize Level 3 inputs. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Securities available-for-sale Securities held-to-maturity Loans held for sale Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Interest rate swaps Liabilities: Noninterest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits Subordinated debentures FHLB and other borrowings Accrued interest payable Interest rate swaps 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Securities available-for-sale Securities held-to-maturity Loans held for sale Loans, net Accrued interest receivable Interest rate swaps Liabilities: Non-interest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits Subordinated debentures FHLB and other borrowings Accrued interest payable Interest rate swaps 
 Obligations of U.S. Government agencies and sponsored entities Municipal securities Mortgage-backed securities Corporate obligations Total available-for-sale Loans held for sale Interest rate swaps Liabilities: Interest rate swaps 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Obligations of U.S. Government agencies and sponsored entities Municipal securities Mortgage-backed securities Corporate obligations Total available-for-sale Loans held for sale Interest rate swaps Liabilities: Interest rate swaps 
 Paydowns ) Balance at September 30 
 Municipal Securities in thousands) 2024 2023 Balance, January 1 Maturities, calls and paydowns ) ) Transfer from level 2 to level 3 Transfer from level 3 to level 2 ) Unrealized gain (loss) included in comprehensive income ) Balance at September 30) RPA-in RPA-out ) Balance at September 30 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Discounted cash flow Probability of default - 
 December 31, 2023 Discounted cash flow Probability of default - 
 
 Municipal Securities Fair Value Valuation Technique Significant Unobservable Inputs Range of Inputs September 30, 2024 Discounted cash flow Discount Rate - 
 December 31, 2023 Discounted cash flow Discount Rate - 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps - Risk Participations Fair Value Valuation Technique Significant Unobservable Inputs Range of Inputs September 30, 2024 Credit Value Adjustment Credit Spread bps - bps 
 Recovery Rate December 31, 2023 ) Credit Value Adjustment Credit Spread bps - bps 
 Recovery Rate 
 Other real estate owned 
 December 31, 2023 in thousands) Fair Value Measurements Using Fair Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets For Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Collateral dependent loans Other real estate owned 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 9 - 
 Obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities Tax-exempt and taxable obligations of states and municipal subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Corporate obligations Total available-for-sale Held-to-maturity: U.S. Treasury Obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities Tax-exempt and taxable obligations of states and municipal subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Corporate obligations Total held-to-maturity 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Obligations of U.S. government agencies sponsored entities Tax-exempt and taxable obligations of states and municipal subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Corporate obligations Total available-for-sale Held-to-maturity: U.S. Treasury Obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities Tax-exempt and taxable obligations of states and municipal subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Corporate obligations Total held-to-maturity 
 ACL on Securities 
 Securities Available for Sale 
 Quarterly, the Company evaluates if a security has a fair value less than its amortized cost. Once these securities are identified, in order to determine whether a decline in fair value resulted from a credit loss or other factors, the Company performs further analysis as outlined below: 
 Review the extent to which the fair value is less than the amortized cost and determine if the decline is indicative of credit loss or other factors. 
 The securities that violate the credit loss trigger above would be subjected to additional analysis. 
 If the Company determines that a credit loss exists, the credit portion of the allowance will be measured using the discounted cash flow DCF analysis using the effective interest rate. The amount of credit loss the Company records will be limited to the amount by which the amortized cost exceeds the fair value. The allowance for the calculated credit loss will be monitored going forward for further credit deterioration or improvement. 
 At both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the results of the analysis did not identify any securities where the decline was indicative of credit loss factors; therefore, credit loss was recognized on any of the securities AFS. 
 Accrued interest receivable is excluded from the estimate of credit losses for securities AFS. Accrued interest receivable totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively and was reported in interest receivable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 All AFS securities were current with securities past due or on nonaccrual as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 thousand and thousand, respectively and consisted of tax-exempt and taxable obligations of states and municipal subdivisions and corporate obligations securities. After applying appropriate probability of default PD and loss given default LGD assumptions, the total amount of current expected credit losses was deemed immaterial. Therefore, reserve was recorded at September 30, 2024. 
 Accrued interest receivable is excluded from the estimate of credit losses for securities held-to-maturity. Accrued interest receivable totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively and was reported in interest receivable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 At both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had securities held-to-maturity that were past due 30 days or more as to principal or interest payments. The Company had securities held-to-maturity classified as nonaccrual at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 The Company monitors the credit quality of the debt securities held-to-maturity through the use of credit ratings. The Company monitors the credit ratings on a quarterly basis. 
 Aa1/Aa2/Aa3 A1/A2 BBB Not rated Total 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due greater than ten years Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Total Held-to-maturity: Due less than one year Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due greater than ten years Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Total 
 Total securities pledged as collateral, to secure public deposits and for other purposes, was billion at September 30, 2024 and billion at December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities Tax-exempt and taxable obligations of state and municipal subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Corporate obligations Total Held-to-maturity: U.S. Treasury Obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities Tax-exempt and taxable obligations of state and municipal subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Corporate obligations Total 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities Tax-exempt and taxable obligations of state and municipal subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Corporate obligations Total Held-to-maturity: U.S. Treasury Obligations of U.S. government agencies and sponsored entities Tax-exempt and taxable obligations of state and municipal subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities - residential Mortgage-backed securities - commercial Corporate obligations Total 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company s securities portfolio consisted of and securities, respectively, which were in an unrealized loss position. Securities in unrealized loss positions are evaluated for impairment related to credit losses at least quarterly. The unrealized losses shown above are due to increases in market rates over the yields available at the time of purchase of the underlying securities and not credit quality. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company determined that it does not intend to sell and is not currently aware of any circumstances which will require it to sell any of the securities that are in an unrealized loss position prior to recovery of their amortized cost basis. As such, allowance for credit losses was needed at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Equity Securities 
 In the third quarter of 2024, the Company reclassified one of its securities from AFS to Other Securities. The equity security consists of our investment in a market-rate bond mutual fund that invests in high quality fixed income bonds, mainly government agency securities whose proceeds are designed to positively impact community development throughout the United States. The mutual fund focuses exclusively on providing affordable housing to low- and moderate-income borrowers and renters, including Majority Minority Census Tracts. The 2023 financial statements have been reclassified for comparative purposes to conform to the current period financial statement presentation. 
 As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Company had equity securities with carrying values totaling million and million, respectively. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 thousand and during the same period in 2023 in net income on our equity securities. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized an unrealized loss of thousand and for the same period in 2023 in net income on our equity securities. These unrealized gains and losses are recorded in the gain/loss on securities on the Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 
 NOTE 10 
 categories are commercial, financial and agriculture, commercial real estate, consumer real estate, consumer installment; 
 Commercial, financial and agriculture Commercial, financial and agriculture loans include loans to business entities issued for commercial, industrial, or other business purposes. This type of commercial loan shares a similar risk characteristic in that unlike commercial real estate loans, repayment is largely dependent on cash flow generated from the operation of the business. 
 Commercial real estate Commercial real estate loans are grouped as such because repayment is mainly dependent upon either the sale of the real estate, operation of the business occupying the real estate, or refinance of the debt obligation. This includes both owner-occupied and non-owner occupied CRE secured loans, because they share similar risk characteristics related to these variables. 
 Consumer real estate Consumer real estate loans consist primarily of loans secured by 1-4 family residential properties and/or residential lots. This includes loans for the purpose of constructing improvements on the residential property, as well as home equity lines of credit. 
 Consumer installment Installment and other loans are all loans issued to individuals that are not for any purpose related to operation of a business, and not secured by real estate. Repayment on these loans is mostly dependent on personal income, which may be impacted by general economic conditions. 
 Total LHFS Loans held for investment Commercial, financial and agriculture (1) Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Consumer installment Total loans Less allowance for credit losses ) ) Net LHFI 
 ____________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Loan balance includes thousand and thousand in Paycheck Protection Program PPP loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Accrued interest receivable is not included in the amortized cost basis of the Company s LHFI. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, accrued interest receivable for LHFI totaled million and million, respectively, with no related ACL and was reported in interest receivable on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Consumer installment Total 
 ___________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Total loan balance includes thousand in PPP loans as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 December 31, 2023 in thousands) Past Due 30 to 89 Days Past Due 90 Days or More and Still Accruing Nonaccrual PCD Total Past Due, Nonaccrual and PCD Total LHFI Nonaccrual and PCD with No ACL Commercial, financial and agriculture (1) Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Consumer installment Total 
 ___________________________________________________________ 
 (1) Total loan balance includes thousand in PPP loans as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Acquired Loans 
 In connection with the acquisitions of HSBI and BBI, the Company acquired loans both with and without evidence of credit quality deterioration since origination. Acquired loans are recorded at their fair value at the time of acquisition with no carryover from the acquired institution's previously recorded allowance for credit losses. Acquired loans are accounted for following ASC 326, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses. 
 The fair value for acquired loans recorded at the time of acquisition is based upon several factors including the timing and payment of expected cash flows, as adjusted for estimated credit losses and prepayments, and then discounting these cash flows using comparable market rates. The resulting fair value adjustment is recorded in the form of premium or discount to the unpaid principal balance of each acquired loan. As it relates to acquired PCD loans, the net premium or net discount is adjusted to reflect the Company's allowance for credit losses ("ACL") recorded for PCD loans at the time of acquisition, and the remaining fair value adjustment is accreted or amortized into interest income over the remaining life of the loan. As it relates to acquired loans not classified as PCD ("non-PCD") loans, the credit loss and yield components of the fair value adjustments are aggregated, and the resulting net premium or net discount is accreted or amortized into 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 million, which is net of a million discount. The gross contractual amounts receivable of the acquired non-PCD loans at acquisition was approximately million, of which million is the amount of contractual cash flows not expected to be collected. 
 The estimated fair value of the non-PCD acquired in the HSBI acquisition was billion, which is net of a million discount. The gross contractual amounts receivable of the acquired non-PCD loans at acquisition was approximately billion, of which million is the amount of contractual cash flows not expected to be collected. 
 Allowance for credit losses at acquisition Non-credit discount (premium) at acquisition Par value of acquired loans at acquisition 
 As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023 the amortized cost of the Company s PCD loans totaled million and million, respectively, which had an estimated ACL of million and million, respectively. 
 Loan Modifications 
 The Company adopted ASU No. 2022-02 effective January 1, 2023. These amendments eliminate the TDR recognition and measurement guidance and enhanced disclosures for loan modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. 
 Occasionally, the Company modifies loans to borrowers in financial distress by providing principal forgiveness, term extension, and other-than-insignificant payment delay or interest rate reduction. When principal forgiveness is provided, the amount of forgiveness is charged-off against the allowance for credit losses. 
 In some cases, the Company provides multiple types of concessions on one loan. Typically, one type of concession, such as term extension, is granted initially. If the borrower continues to experience financial difficulty, another concession, such as principal forgiveness, may be granted. For loans included in the "combination" columns below, multiple types of modifications have been made on the same loan within the current reporting period. The combination is at least two of the following: a term extension, principal forgiveness, an other-than-insignificant payment delay and/or an interest rate reduction. 
 Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Total 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Total 
 The Company has not committed to lend additional amounts to the borrowers included in the previous table. 
 Collateral Dependent Loans 
 Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Consumer installment Total 
 December 31, 2023 Real Property Equipment Miscellaneous Total Commercial, financial and agriculture Commercial real estate Consumer real estate Total 
 A loan is collateral dependent when the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and repayment of the loan is expected to be provided substantially through the sale of the collateral. The following provides a qualitative description by class of loan of the collateral that secures the Company s collateral dependent LHFI: 
 Commercial, financial and agriculture Loans within these loan classes are secured by equipment, inventory, accounts receivable, and other non-real estate collateral. 
 Commercial real estate Loans within these loan classes are secured by commercial real property. 
 Consumer real estate - Loans within these loan classes are secured by consumer real property. 
 Consumer installment - Loans within these loan classes are secured by consumer goods, equipment, and non-real estate collateral. 
 There have been no significant changes to the collateral that secures these financial assets during the period. 
 Loan Participations 
 The Company has loan participations, which qualify as participating interest, with other financial institutions. As of September 30, 2024, these loans totaled million, of which million had been sold to other financial institutions and million was purchased by the Company. As of December 31, 2023, these loans totaled million, of which million had been sold to other financial institutions and million was purchased by the Company. The loan participations convey proportionate ownership rights with equal priority to each participating interest holder; involving no recourse (other than ordinary representations and warranties) to, or subordination by, any participating interest holder; all cash flows are divided among the participating interest holders in proportion to each holder s share of ownership; and no holder has the right to pledge the entire financial asset unless all participating interest holders agree. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

32 

Table of Contents 

 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial, financial and agriculture Current period gross write offs Commercial real estate: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial real estate Current period gross write offs Consumer real estate: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total consumer real estate Current period gross write offs Consumer installment: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total consumer installment Current period gross write offs Total Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Current period gross write offs 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial, financial and agriculture Current period gross write offs Commercial real estate: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial real estate Current period gross write offs Consumer real estate: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total consumer real estate Current period gross write offs Consumer installment: Risk Rating Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total consumer installment Current period gross write offs Total Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total Current period gross write offs 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The ACL is a valuation account that is deducted from loans amortized cost basis to present the net amount expected to be collected on the loans. It is comprised of a general allowance for loans that are collectively assessed in pools with similar risk characteristics and a specific allowance for individually assessed loans. The allowance is continuously monitored by management to maintain a level adequate to absorb expected losses inherent in the loan portfolio. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 calculated LGD rate, or the total balance at default is less than of the balance in the respective call code as of the model run date, a proxy index is used. This index is proprietary to the Company s ACL modeling vendor derived from loss data of other client institutions similar in organization structure to the Company. The vendor also provides a crisis index derived from loss data between the post-recessionary years of 2008-2013 that the Company uses. 
 The model then uses these inputs in a non-discounted version of DCF methodology to calculate the quantitative portion of estimated losses. The model creates loan level amortization schedules that detail out the expected monthly payments for a loan including estimated prepayments and payoffs. These expected cash flows are discounted back to present value using the loan s coupon rate instead of the effective interest rate. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for credit losses ) Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) Recoveries Total ending allowance balance 
 in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Commercial, Financial and Agriculture Commercial Real Estate Consumer Real Estate Consumer Installment Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance Provision for credit losses Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Total ending allowance balance 
 in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial, Financial and Agriculture Commercial Real Estate Consumer Real Estate Consumer Installment Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance Provision for credit losses ) Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Total ending allowance balance 
 in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Commercial, Financial and Agriculture Commercial Real Estate Consumer Real Estate Consumer Installment Total Allowance for credit losses: Beginning balance Initial allowance on PCD loans Provision for credit losses Loans charged-off ) ) ) ) ) Recoveries Total ending allowance balance 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 million provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to million provision for the same period in 2023. During January 2023, loans totaling billion, net of purchase accounting adjustments, were acquired in the HSBI acquisition. The initial ACL on PCD loans recorded in March 2023, of million was related to the HSBI acquisition. The 2023 provision for credit losses includes million associated with day one post-merger accounting provision recorded for non-PCD loans and unfunded commitments acquired in the HSBI acquisition. 
 Collectively evaluated Total Allowance for Credit Losses Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Total 
 in thousands) December 31, 2023 Commercial, Financial and Agriculture Commercial Real Estate Consumer Real Estate Consumer Installment Total LHFI Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Total Allowance for Credit Losses Individually evaluated Collectively evaluated Total 
 
 NOTE 11 - 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 risk participation-in swaps and risk participation-out swap at September 30, 2024. 
 Weighted average pay rate Weighted average receive rate Weighted average maturity in years 

The Company also enters into a collateral agreement with the counterparty requiring the Company to post cash or 
 cash equivalent collateral to mitigate the credit risk in the transaction. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had thousand and thousand, respectively, of collateral posted with its counterparties, which is included in the consolidated statement of financial condition as cash and cash equivalents as "restricted cash". The Company also receives a swap spread to compensate it for the credit exposure it takes on the customer-facing portion of the transaction and this upfront cash payment from the counterparty is recorded in other income, net of any transaction execution expenses, in the consolidated statement of operations. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, net swap spread income included in other income was thousand compared to thousand for the same period in 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net swap spread income included in other income was thousand and thousand for the same period in 2023. 
 
 Entering into derivative contracts potentially exposes the Company to the risk of counterparties' failure to fulfill their legal obligations, including, but not limited to, potential amounts due or payable under each derivative contract. Notional principal amounts are often used to express the volume of these transactions, but the amounts potentially subject to credit risk are much smaller. The Company assesses the credit risk of its dealer counterparties by regularly monitoring publicly available credit rating information, evaluating other market indicators, and periodically reviewing detailed financials. 
 
 The Company records the fair value of its interest rate swap contracts separately within other assets and other liabilities as current accounting rules do not permit the netting of customer and counterparty fair value amounts in the consolidated statement of financial condition. 
 
 NOTE 12 

38 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain statements made or incorporated by reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of the Company (the Report which are not statements of historical fact, including those under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, and elsewhere in this Report, constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of, and subject to the protections of, Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements include statements with respect to the Company s beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, targets, expectations, anticipations, assumptions, estimates, intentions and future performance and involve known and unknown risks, many of which are beyond the Company s control and which may cause the Company s actual results, performance or achievements or the financial services industry or economy generally, to be materially different from future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. 
 All statements, other than statements of historical fact, are forward-looking statements. You can identify these forward-looking statements through the Company s use of words such as believes, anticipates, expects, may, will, assumes, predicts, could, should, would, intends, targets, estimates, projects, seek, plans, potential, aim, and other similar words and expressions of the future or otherwise regarding the outlook for the Company s future business and financial performance and/or the performance of the financial services industry and economy in general. Forward-looking statements are based on the current beliefs and expectations of the Company s management and are subject to significant risks and uncertainties. Actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by such forward-looking statements. A number of factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements in this document. Many of these factors are beyond the Company s ability to control or predict. Other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those indicated by forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 negative impacts on our business, profitability and our stock price that could result from prolonged periods of inflation; 
 risks and uncertainties relating to recent, pending or potential future mergers or acquisitions, including risks related to the planned Renasant Merger, including the fluctuation of the market value of the consideration to be paid to the Company's shareholders in the Renasant Merger, the risks related to combining our businesses, expenses related to the Renasant Merger and integration of the combined entity, the risks that the Renasant Merger may not occur, and the risk of litigation related to the Renasant Merger; 
 the risk that a future economic downturn and contraction, including a recession, could have a material adverse effect on our capital, financial condition, credit quality, results of operations and future growth, including the risk that the strength of the current economic environment could be weakened by the continued impact of elevated interest rates, and inflation; 
 disruptions to the financial markets as a result of the current or anticipated impact of military conflict, including Russia s military action in Ukraine, the conflict in Israel and surrounding areas, terrorism or other geopolitical events; 
 governmental monetary and fiscal policies, including interest rate policies of the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve; 
 the costs and effects of litigation, investigations, inquiries or similar matters, or adverse facts and developments related thereto, including the costs and effects of litigation related to our participation in government stimulus programs associated with the COVID-19 pandemic and related variants; 
 reduced earnings due to higher credit losses generally and specifically because losses in the sectors of our loan portfolio secured by real estate are greater than expected due to economic factors, including declining residential and commercial real estate values, elevated interest rates, increasing unemployment, or changes in payment behavior or other factors occurring in those areas; 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 general economic conditions, either nationally or regionally and especially in our primary service area, becoming less favorable than expected resulting in, among other things, a deterioration in credit quality; 
 adverse changes in asset quality and resulting credit risk-related losses and expenses; 
 ability of borrowers to repay loans, which can be adversely affected by a number of factors, including changes in economic conditions, adverse trends or events affecting business industry groups, reductions in real estate values or markets, business closings or lay-offs, natural disasters, public health emergencies and international instability; 
 developments in our mortgage banking business, including loan modifications, general demand, and the effects of judicial or regulatory requirements or guidance; 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting our businesses, including governmental monetary and fiscal policies, legislation and regulations relating to bank products and services, as well as changes in the enforcement and interpretation of such laws and regulations by applicable governmental and self-regulatory agencies, which could require us to change certain business practices, increase compliance risk, reduce our revenue, impose additional costs on us, or otherwise negatively affect our businesses; 
 the financial impact of future tax legislation; 
 changes in political conditions or the legislative or regulatory environment, including the possibility that the U.S. could default on its debt obligations; 
 the adequacy of the level of our allowance for credit losses and the amount of credit loss provisions required to replenish the allowance in future periods; 
 reduced earnings due to higher credit losses because our loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type, or location of the borrower or collateral; 
 changes in the interest rate environment which could reduce anticipated or actual margins; 
 increased funding costs due to market illiquidity, increased competition for funding, higher interest rates, and increased regulatory requirements with regard to funding; 
 results of examinations by our regulatory authorities, including the possibility that the regulatory authorities may, among other things, require us to increase our allowance for credit losses through additional credit loss provisions or write-down of our assets; 
 the rate of delinquencies and amount of loans charged-off; 
 the impact of our efforts to raise capital on our financial position, liquidity, capital, and profitability; 
 significant increases in competition in the banking and financial services industries; 
 changes in the securities markets; 
 significant turbulence or a disruption in the capital or financial markets and the effect of a fall in stock market prices on our investment securities; 
 loss of consumer confidence and economic disruptions resulting from national disasters or terrorist activities; 
 a deterioration of the credit rating for U.S. long-term sovereign debt, actions that the U.S. government may take to avoid exceeding the debt ceiling, and uncertainties surrounding the debt ceiling and the federal budget; 
 the risk that the regulatory environment may not be conducive to or may prohibit the consummation of future mergers and/or business combinations, may increase the length of time and amount of resources required to consummate such transactions, and may reduce the anticipated benefit; 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to retain our existing customers, including our deposit relationships; 
 changes occurring in business conditions and inflation; 
 changes in technology or risks to cybersecurity; 
 changes in deposit flows; 
 changes in accounting principles, policies, or guidelines; 
 our ability to maintain adequate internal control over financial reporting; and 
 other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in our filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). 
 We have based our forward-looking statements on our current expectations about future events. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in and the assumptions underlying our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we cannot guarantee that these expectations will be achieved, or the assumptions will be accurate. The Company disclaims any obligation to update such factors or to publicly announce the results of any revisions to any of the forward-looking statements included herein to reflect future events or developments. Additional information concerning these risks and uncertainties is contained in Item 1A. "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 "the Company's 2023 Form 10-K" and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, available at the SEC s website, http://www.sec.gov. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgements that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses. Accounting policies considered critical to our financial results include the allowance for credit losses and related provision, income taxes, goodwill, and business combinations. The most critical of these is the accounting policy related to the allowance for credit losses. The allowance is based in large measure upon management s evaluation of borrowers abilities to make loan payments, local and national economic conditions, and other subjective factors. If any of these factors were to deteriorate, management would update its estimates and judgments which may require additional loss provisions. The Company s critical accounting policies are discussed in detail in Note B Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements contained in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 
 
 OVERVIEW OF THE RESULTS OF OPERATIONS AND FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS SUMMARY 
 Third quarter 2024 compared to Third quarter 2023 
 Net income available to common shareholders for the third quarter of 2024 totaled 18.6 million compared to 24.4 million for the third quarter of 2023, a decrease of 5.8 million or 23.8 . This decrease is largely attributable to a decrease in a U.S. Treasury award of 6.2 million and a decrease in other non-interest expense of 5.2 million, offset by a decrease in net interest income of 1.7 million and increases in salaries and acquisition charges of 2.3 million and 2.0 million, respectively. 
 Excluding one-time items detailed in the tables below, net earnings available to common shareholders, operating (non-GAAP) decreased 3.5 million, or 14.7 , to 20.5 million for quarter ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 24.0 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. This decrease is largely attributable to a decrease in a U.S. Treasury award of 6.2 million and a decrease in other non-interest expense of 5.2 million, offset by a decrease in net interest income of 1.7 million and increases in salaries of 2.3 million. 
 Net interest income for the third quarter of 2024 was 59.0 million, a decrease of 1.7 million or 2.8 when compared to the third quarter of 2023. Fully tax equivalent FTE net interest income (non-GAAP) totaled 60.0 million 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 and 61.7 million for the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease was largely due to a decrease in purchase accounting adjustments of 2.3 million for the third quarter comparisons. 
 Third quarter of 2024 net interest margin was 3.33 , which included 11 basis points related to purchase accounting adjustments compared to 3.47 for the same quarter in 2023, which included 25 basis points related to purchase accounting adjustments. Excluding the purchase accounting adjustments, the core net interest margin (non-GAAP) increased 11 basis points in prior year quarterly comparison primarily due to an increase in rates on loans, partially offset by a corresponding increase in rates on interest bearing liabilities. 
 Non-interest income decreased 7.1 million for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the third quarter of 2023. A decrease in U.S. Treasury awards of 6.2 million accounted for a majority of the change. 
 Third quarter 2024 non-interest expense was 46.4 million, a decrease of 1.3 million, or 2.8 , as compared to the third quarter of 2023. Excluding acquisition charges, non-interest expense decreased 3.3 million of which salaries and employee benefits increased 2.3 million offset by a decrease in other expenses of 5.2 million. 
 Investment securities totaled 1.715 billion, or 21.5 of total assets at September 30, 2024, compared to 1.836 billion, or 23.3 , of total assets at September 30, 2023. For the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, the average balance of investment securities decreased 168.2 million. The average yield on investment securities increased 30 basis points to 2.56 from 2.26 in the prior year quarterly comparison. The investment portfolio had a net unrealized loss of 91.6 million at September 30, 2024 as compared to a net unrealized loss of 184.9 million at September 30, 2023. 
 The average yield on all earning assets increased 37 basis points in prior year quarterly comparison, from 4.90 for the third quarter of 2023 to 5.27 for the third quarter of 2024. Interest expense on average interest bearing liabilities increased 67 basis points from 2.05 for the third quarter of 2023 to 2.72 for the third quarter of 2024. 
 Cost of all deposits averaged 183 basis points for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 121 basis points for the third quarter of 2023. 
 First nine months 2024 compared to First nine months 2023 
 In the year-over-year comparison, net income available to common shareholders decreased 5.5 million, or 8.6 , from 64.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 58.9 million for the same period ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Net interest income was 174.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 17.5 million as compared to the same period ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to an increase in interest expense on deposits partially offset by an increase in loan interest income. 
 
 Non-interest income was 38.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 6.1 million as compared to the same period ended September 30, 2023. A decrease in U.S. Treasury awards of 6.2 million accounted for the change. 
 
 Non-interest expense was 133.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease of 6.4 million as compared to the same period ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to decreased acquisition charges of 5.5 million and other non-interest expense of 8.1 million, partially offset by an increase in salaries and employee benefits of 5.0 million. 
 FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS OF THE FIRST 
 The First represents the primary asset of the Company. The First reported total assets of 7.957 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 7.993 billion at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 36.1 million, or 0.5 . Loans, including loans held for sale, increased 148.6 million to 5.322 billion, or 2.9 , during the first nine months of 2024. Deposits at September 30, 2024 totaled 6.567 billion compared to 6.476 billion at December 31, 2023, an increase of 90.1 million, 1.4 . For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, The First reported net income of 68.5 million, compared to 68.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 EARNINGS PERFORMANCE 
 The Company earns income from two primary sources. The first source is net interest income, which is interest income generated by earning assets less interest expense on deposits and other borrowed money. The second source is non-interest income, which primarily consists of customer service charges and fees as well as mortgage income but also comes from non-customer sources such as bank-owned life insurance. The majority of the Company s non-interest expense is comprised of operating costs that facilitate offering a full range of banking services to our customers. 
 NET INTEREST INCOME AND NET INTEREST MARGIN 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, net interest income decreased by 1.7 million, or 2.8 , when compared with the same period in 2023. The decrease was largely due to an increase of 10.4 million in interest expense on deposits offset by a decrease of 837 thousand in borrowing expense and by an increase of 7.5 million in interest and fees on loans. PPP loans totaled 256 thousand as of September 30, 2024, a decrease of 194 thousand, or 43.1 , when compared to the same period last year due to loan forgiveness under the PPP program. The level of net interest income we recognize in any given period depends on a combination of factors including the average volume and yield for interest-earning assets, the average volume and cost of interest-bearing liabilities, and the mix of products which comprise the Company s earning assets, deposits, and other interest-bearing liabilities. Net interest income is also impacted by the reversal of interest for loans placed on nonaccrual status during the reporting period, and the recovery of interest on loans that had been on nonaccrual and were paid off, sold or returned to accrual status. 
 The following tables depict, for the periods indicated, certain information related to the average balance sheet and average yields on assets and average costs of liabilities. Such yields are derived by dividing income or expense by the average balance of the corresponding assets or liabilities. Average balances have been derived from daily averages. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Average Balances, Tax Equivalent Interest and Yields/Rates in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Avg. Balance Tax Equivalent Interest Yield/ Rate Avg. Balance Tax Equivalent Interest Yield/ Rate Earning Assets: Taxable securities 1,269,082 8,064 2.54 1,419,343 7,685 2.17 Tax exempt securities 445,376 3,915 3.52 463,329 3,921 3.39 Total investment securities 1,714,458 11,979 2.79 1,882,672 11,606 2.47 Interest bearing deposits in other banks 92,122 441 1.92 79,448 441 2.22 Loans 5,288,321 82,131 6.21 5,038,928 74,626 5.92 Total earning assets 7,094,901 94,551 5.33 7,001,048 86,673 4.95 Other assets 849,652 872,297 Total assets 7,944,553 7,873,345 Interest-bearing liabilities: Deposits 4,740,726 29,979 2.53 4,459,869 19,572 1.76 Borrowed funds 214,192 2,607 4.87 296,963 3,556 4.79 Subordinated debentures 123,596 1,961 6.35 128,251 1,849 5.77 Total interest-bearing liabilities 5,078,514 34,547 2.72 4,885,083 24,977 2.05 Other liabilities 1,890,680 2,083,192 Shareholders equity 975,359 905,070 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 7,944,553 7,873,345 Net interest income 59,014 60,704 Net interest margin 3.33 3.47 Net interest income (FTE) 60,004 2.61 61,696 2.91 Net interest margin (FTE) 3.38 3.52 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Avg. Balance Tax Equivalent Interest Yield/ Rate Avg. Balance Tax Equivalent Interest Yield/ Rate Earning Assets: Taxable securities 1,313,340 25,234 2.56 1,485,511 24,310 2.18 Tax exempt securities 457,476 11,827 3.45 465,598 11,813 3.38 Total investment securities 1,770,816 37,061 2.79 1,951,109 36,123 2.47 Interest bearing deposits in other banks 126,938 2,915 3.06 106,279 2,128 2.67 Loans 5,216,396 239,266 6.12 4,999,218 216,950 5.79 Total earning assets 7,114,150 279,242 5.23 7,056,606 255,201 4.82 Other assets 848,224 862,495 Total assets 7,962,374 7,919,101 Interest-bearing liabilities: Deposits 4,779,565 88,855 2.48 4,544,775 46,611 1.37 Borrowed funds 208,601 7,585 4.85 218,002 7,779 4.76 Subordinated debentures 123,510 5,662 6.11 142,820 6,163 5.75 Total interest-bearing liabilities 5,111,676 102,102 2.66 4,905,597 60,553 1.65 Other liabilities 1,886,818 2,121,519 Shareholders equity 963,880 891,985 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 7,962,374 7,919,101 Net interest income 174,149 191,660 Net interest margin 3.26 3.62 Net interest income (FTE) 177,140 2.57 194,648 3.18 Net interest margin (FTE) 3.32 3.68 ______________________________________________ 
 N on-GAAP measure. See reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 NON-INTEREST INCOME AND NON-INTEREST EXPENSE 
 The following table provides details on the Company s non-interest income and non-interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 in thousands) Three Months Ended EARNINGS STATEMENT September 30, 2024 of Total September 30, 2023 of Total Non-interest income: Service charges on deposit accounts 3,709 30.3 3,646 18.9 Mortgage fee income 927 7.6 878 4.5 Interchange fee income 4,460 36.4 5,280 27.3 Gain (loss) on securities, net 225 1.8 2 Gain (loss) on sale of premises and equipment (344) (2.8) (104) (0.5) Government awards/grants 6,197 32.1 Other 3,265 26.7 3,425 17.7 Total non-interest income 12,242 100.0 19,324 100.0 Non-interest expense: Salaries and employee benefits 25,131 54.2 22,807 47.9 Occupancy expense 5,659 12.2 5,343 11.2 FDIC/OCC premiums 973 2.1 1,158 2.4 Marketing 49 0.1 559 1.2 Amortization of core deposit intangibles 2,384 5.1 2,385 5.0 Other professional services 1,457 3.1 1,499 3.1 Other non-interest expense 8,149 17.6 13,385 28.0 Acquisition and charter conversion charges 2,592 5.6 588 1.2 Total non-interest expense 46,394 100.0 47,724 100.0 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 in thousands) Nine Months Ended EARNINGS STATEMENT September 30, 2024 of Total September 30, 2023 of Total Non-interest income: Service charges on deposit accounts 10,410 27.2 10,728 24.1 Mortgage fee income 2,603 6.8 2,284 5.1 Interchange fee income 13,548 35.5 14,321 32.3 (Loss) gain on securities, net 191 0.5 (46) (0.1) Gain (loss) on sale of premises and equipment (181) (0.5) 559 1.3 Government awards/grants 0.0 6,197 14.0 Other 11,669 30.5 10,316 23.3 Total non-interest income 38,240 100.0 44,359 100.0 Non-interest expense: Salaries and employee benefits 74,684 55.8 69,695 49.9 Occupancy expense 16,863 12.6 15,680 11.2 FDIC/OCC premiums 3,001 2.2 2,586 1.8 Marketing 247 0.2 762 0.5 Amortization of core deposit intangibles 7,154 5.3 7,178 5.1 Other professional services 5,318 4.0 4,137 2.9 Other non-interest expense 23,689 17.7 31,773 22.6 Acquisition and charter conversion charges 2,952 2.2 8,482 6.0 Total non-interest expense 133,908 100.0 140,293 100.0 
 U.S. TREASURY AWARDS 
 During the third quarter of 2023, the Bank received 6.2 million in funds from the Community Development Financial Institutions Fund. This award was distributed as part of the CDFI Equitable Recovery Program ("CDFI ERP"). This award is to provide funding to expand lending, grant making and investment activities in low- or moderate-income communities and to borrowers that have significant unmet capital and financial service needs. As part of the agreement with CDFI ERP, the Bank has annual reporting requirements, performance goals and related measures that the Bank must achieve during the period of performance. These are reported to the CDFI ERP through various schedules and reports required by the program. In addition, the award must be expended in certain Program Activities and/or Operations Support Activities as described and defined in the CDFI ERP agreement. The total amount of the award must be utilized by December 31, 2028, and other expenditure milestones must be met as follows: sixty percent of the award must be utilized by December 31, 2026; eighty percent by December 31, 2027; and one hundred percent of the award by December 31, 2028. The Bank intends to expense the award on Financial Products (i.e. loans) and Grants which fall under the Program Activities section as defined in the CDFI ERP agreement. The Bank accounts for the CDFI ERP using ASC 958-605. Although the scope of ASC 958-605 excludes for-profit entities, the FASB staff has concluded that for-profit entities may apply this guidance when appropriate and that the award should be accounted for as other non-interest income as permitted by GAAP. 
 
 PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 
 The Company sets aside a provision for income taxes on a monthly basis. The amount of the provision is determined by first applying the Company s statutory income tax rates to estimated taxable income, which is pre-tax book income adjusted for permanent differences, and then subtracting available tax credits if applicable. Permanent differences include but are not limited to tax-exempt interest income, bank-owned life insurance cash surrender value income, and certain book expenses that are not allowed as tax deductions. 
 The Company s provision for income taxes was 5.3 million, or 22.2 , of earnings before income taxes for the third quarter 2024, compared to 6.9 million, or 22.2 , of earnings before income taxes for the same period in 2023. The provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 16.9 million, or 22.3 , of earnings before income taxes compared to 18.1 million, or 21.9 , for the same period in 2023. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 
 EARNING ASSETS 
 The Company s interest-earning assets are comprised of investments and loans, and the composition, growth characteristics, and credit quality of both are significant determinants of the Company s financial condition. Investments are analyzed in the section immediately below, while the loan and lease portfolio and other factors affecting earning assets are discussed in the sections following investments. 
 INVESTMENTS 
 The Company s investments can at any given time consist of debt securities and marketable equity securities (together, the investment portfolio ), investments in the time deposits of other banks, surplus interest-earning balances in our Federal Reserve Bank FRB account, and overnight fed funds sold. Surplus FRB balances and federal funds sold to correspondent banks represent the temporary investment of excess liquidity. The Company s investments serve several purposes: 1) they provide liquidity to even out cash flows from the loan and deposit activities of customers; 2) they provide a source of pledged assets for securing public deposits, bankruptcy deposits and certain borrowed funds which require collateral; 3) they constitute a large base of assets with maturity and interest rate characteristics that can be changed more readily than the loan portfolio to better match changes in the deposit base and other funding sources of the Company; 4) they are another interest-earning option for surplus funds when loan demand is light; and 5) they can provide partially tax exempt income. Total securities, excluding other securities, totaled 1.662 billion, or 20.9 of total assets at September 30, 2024 compared to 1.694 billion, or 21.2 of total assets at December 31, 2023. 
 There were no federal funds sold at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and interest-bearing balances at other banks decreased to 86.6 million at September 30, 2024 from 130.9 million at December 31, 2023. The Company s investment portfolio decreased 19.9 million, or 1.1 , to 1.715 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023. The decrease is attributed to 213.1 million in securities purchased offset by 262.5 million in securities that matured, prepaid, sold or were called offset by a 30.2 million change in the net unrealized loss of the security portfolio. The investment portfolio had a net unrealized loss of 91.6 million at September 30, 2024 as compared to a net unrealized loss of 121.9 million at December 31, 2023. The Company carries available-for-sale investments at their fair market values and held-to-maturity investments at their amortized costs. The fair value of available-for-sale securities totaled 1.060 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 1.039 billion at December 31, 2023. The fair value of held-to-maturity investments totaled 574.8 million and 615.9 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. All other investment securities are classified as available-for-sale to allow maximum flexibility with regard to interest rate risk and liquidity management. 
 Refer to the tables shown in Note 9 "Securities" to the Consolidated Financial Statements for information on the Company s amortized cost and fair market value of its investment portfolio by investment type. 
 LOAN PORTFOLIO 
 Loans Held for Sale LHFS 
 The Bank originates fixed rate single family, residential first mortgage loans on a presold basis. The Bank issues a rate lock commitment to a customer and concurrently locks in with a secondary market investor under a best efforts delivery mechanism. Such loans are sold without the mortgage servicing rights being retained by the Bank. The terms of the loan are dictated by the secondary investors and are transferred within several weeks of the Bank initially funding the loan. The Bank recognizes certain origination fees and service release fees upon the sale, which are included in other income on loans in the consolidated statements of income. Between the initial funding of the loans by the Bank and the subsequent purchase by the investor, the Bank carries the loans held for sale at fair value in the aggregate as determined by the outstanding commitments from investors. Associated servicing rights are not retained. At September 30, 2024, LHFS totaled 3.0 million, compared to 2.9 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Loans Held for Investment LHFI 
 LHFI, net of deferred fees and costs, were 5.263 billion at September 30, 2024, an increase of 146.9 million, or 2.9 , from 5.116 billion at December 31, 2023. PPP loans were 256 thousand at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 130 thousand, or 33.7 , from 386 thousand at December 31, 2023. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the Company s composition of LHFI, net of deferred fees and costs, in dollar amounts and as a percentage of total gross loans. 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amount Percent of Total Amount Percent of Total Commercial, financial and agriculture (1) 748,664 14.1 800,324 15.5 Commercial real estate 3,235,566 60.8 3,059,155 59.2 Consumer real estate 1,287,144 24.2 1,252,795 24.2 Consumer installment 47,216 0.9 57,768 1.1 Total loans 5,318,590 100.0 5,170,042 100.0 Allowance for credit losses (55,700) (54,032) Net loans 5,262,890 5,116,010 
 _______________________________________ 
 (1) Loan amount includes 256 thousand and 386 thousand in PPP loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Generally, the Company limits its loan-to-value ratio to 80 . Management attempts to maintain a conservative philosophy regarding its underwriting guidelines and believes that the risk elements of its loan portfolio have been reduced through strategies that diversify the lending mix. 
 LOAN CONCENTRATIONS 
 Diversification within the loan portfolio is an important means of reducing inherent lending risk. As of September 30, 2024, management does not consider there to be any significant credit concentrations within the loan portfolio. Although the Bank s loan portfolio, as well as existing commitments, reflects the diversity of its primary market area, a substantial portion of a borrower's ability to repay a loan is dependent upon the economic stability of the area. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the concentration by borrower type of the Company's commercial real estate ("CRE") loan balances as of September 30, 2024. 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 Balance Percentage of Total Owner occupied CRE by property type: Convenience stores 97,242 3.0 Medical facilities 121,563 3.8 Office space 278,624 8.6 Retail 281,954 8.7 Special purpose facility 249,114 7.7 Warehouse/industrial 154,311 4.8 Other 170,027 5.3 Total owner occupied CRE 1,352,835 41.9 Non-owner occupied by property type: Convenience stores 22,564 0.7 Medical facilities 71,017 2.2 Motel/hotel 303,056 9.4 Multifamily 285,167 8.8 Office space 249,834 7.7 Residential 523 Retail 411,790 12.7 Special purpose facility 64,649 2.0 Warehouse/industrial 92,003 2.8 Other 382,128 11.8 Total non-owner occupied CRE 1,882,731 58.1 Total CRE 3,235,566 100.0 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents the geographic concentrations of the Company's CRE loan balances by property type as of September 30, 2024. 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 Alabama Florida Georgia Louisiana Mississippi Total Owner occupied CRE by property type: Convenience stores 2,871 6,386 39,079 19,250 29,656 97,242 Medical facilities 2,805 5,003 27,262 15,938 70,555 121,563 Office space 19,525 105,833 68,226 34,045 50,995 278,624 Retail 18,757 65,802 85,116 33,603 78,676 281,954 Special purpose facility 8,559 42,004 64,010 9,373 125,168 249,114 Warehouse/industrial 4,463 34,874 55,879 35,488 23,607 154,311 Other 18,578 19,610 100,793 7,334 23,712 170,027 Total owner occupied CRE 75,558 279,512 440,365 155,031 402,369 1,352,835 Non-owner occupied by property type: Convenience stores 11,633 9,087 1,844 22,564 Medical facilities 26,949 5,222 10,813 2,810 25,223 71,017 Motel/hotel 26,656 95,916 89,819 42,755 47,910 303,056 Multifamily 36,892 10,375 100,748 94,427 42,725 285,167 Office space 8,074 88,587 78,393 18,465 56,315 249,834 Residential 463 60 523 Retail 24,010 81,138 118,019 125,372 63,251 411,790 Special purpose facility 573 16,978 18,905 4,893 23,300 64,649 Warehouse/industrial 4,881 40,492 22,084 13,323 11,223 92,003 Other 35,833 83,894 97,541 40,637 124,223 382,128 Total non-owner occupied CRE 163,868 422,602 547,955 352,232 396,074 1,882,731 Total CRE 239,426 702,114 988,320 507,263 798,443 3,235,566 Percentage of total CRE 7.4 21.7 30.5 15.7 24.7 100.0 
 NON-PERFORMING ASSETS 
 Non-performing assets NPAs are comprised of loans for which the Company is no longer accruing interest, and foreclosed assets including mobile homes and other real estate owned. Loans are placed on nonaccrual status when they become ninety days past due (principal and/or interest) unless the loans are adequately secured and in the process of collection. Nonaccrual loans totaled 16.3 million at September 30, 2024, an increase of 5.6 million from December 31, 2023. 
 Other real estate owned is carried at fair value, determined by an appraisal, less estimated costs to sell. Other real estate owned totaled 7.3 million at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 1.0 million as compared to 8.3 million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 The following table presents comparative data for the Company s non-performing assets as of the dates noted. 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Nonaccrual Loans Commercial, financial and agriculture 1,009 1,318 Commercial real estate 8,843 4,437 Consumer real estate 6,318 4,904 Consumer installment 114 31 Total Nonaccrual Loans 16,284 10,690 Other real-estate owned 7,314 8,320 Total NPAs 23,598 19,010 Past due 90 days or more and still accruing 1,455 1,163 Total NPAs as a of total loans leases net of unearned income 0.4 0.4 Total nonaccrual loans as a of total loans leases net of unearned income 0.3 0.2 
 NPAs totaled 23.6 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 19.0 million at December 31, 2023, an increase of 4.6 million. The ACL/total loans ratio was 1.05 at September 30, 2024, and 1.05 at December 31, 2023. Total valuation accounting adjustments were 19.4 million on acquired loans at September 30, 2024. The Company recorded a 33.2 million credit loss and yield mark related to the HSBI acquisition in 2023. The ratio of annualized net charge-offs (recoveries) to total loans was 0.033 for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 compared to 0.061 for the quarter ended December 31, 2023. 
 ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES 
 The ACL is a valuation account that is deducted from loans amortized cost basis to present the net amount expected to be collected on the loans. Loans are charged-off against the allowance when management believes the uncollectibility of a loan balance is confirmed. Expected recoveries do not exceed the aggregate of amounts previously charged-off and expected to be charged-off. 
 Management estimates the allowance balance using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. Historical credit loss experience provides the basis for the estimation of expected credit losses. Adjustments to historical loss information are made for differences in current loan-specific risk characteristics such as differences in underwriting standards, portfolio mix, delinquency level, or term as well as for changes in environment conditions, such as changes in unemployment rates, property values, or other relevant factors. Management may selectively apply external market data to subjectively adjust the Company s own loss history including index or peer data. Management evaluates the adequacy of the ACL quarterly and makes provisions for credit losses based on this evaluation. See Note 10 - Loans for a description of the Company s methodology and the quantitative and qualitative factors included in the calculation. 
 At September 30, 2024, the ACL was 55.7 million, or 1.05 of LHFI, an increase of 1.7 million, or 3.1 when compared to December 31, 2023. The increase in the 2024 provision is related to loan growth. The 2023 provision for credit losses includes 10.7 million associated with a day one post-merger accounting provision recorded for non-PCD loans and unfunded commitments and a 3.2 million initial allowance on PCD loans related to the HSBI acquisition. At December 31, 2023, the ACL was 54.0 million, which was 1.05 of LHFI. 
 At September 30, 2024, management believes the allowance is appropriate and should any of the factors considered by management in evaluating the appropriateness of the allowance for credit losses change, management s estimate of inherent losses in the portfolio could also change, which would affect the level of future provisions for credit losses. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 The table that follows summarizes the activity in the allowance for credit losses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 in thousands Balances: Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Average LHFI outstanding during period: 5,288,321 5,038,928 5,216,396 4,999,218 LHFI outstanding at end of period: 5,318,590 5,089,800 5,318,590 5,089,800 Allowance for Credit Losses: Balance at beginning of period 55,133 52,614 54,032 38,917 Initial allowance on PCD loans 3,176 Provision: Initial provision for acquired non-PCD loans 10,219 Provision for credit losses charged to expense 1,000 1,000 2,650 2,281 Charge-offs: Commercial, financial and agriculture 404 48 832 472 Commercial real estate 27 91 27 Consumer real estate 81 21 375 45 Consumer installment 901 533 1,624 1,551 Total Charge-offs 1,386 629 2,922 2,095 Recoveries: Commercial, financial and agriculture 232 277 244 334 Commercial real estate 18 15 557 101 Consumer real estate 22 142 56 224 Consumer installment 681 146 1,083 408 Total Recoveries 953 580 1,940 1,067 Net loan Charge-offs (recoveries) 433 49 982 1,028 Balance at end of period 55,700 53,565 55,700 53,565 RATIOS Net Charge-offs (recoveries) to average LHFI (annualized) 0.03 0.004 0.03 0.03 ACL to LHFI at end of period 1.05 1.05 1.05 1.05 Net loan Charge-offs (recoveries) to PCL 43.30 4.90 37.06 45.07 
 The Company recorded 1.0 million provision for credit losses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Company recorded a 2.7 million provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 12.5 million for the same period in 2023. During January 2023, loans totaling 1.159 billion, net of purchase accounting adjustments, were acquired in the HSBI acquisition. The initial ACL on PCD loans recorded in March 2023, of 3.2 million was related to the HSBI acquisition. The 2023 provision for credit losses includes 10.7 million associated with day one post-merger accounting provision recorded for non-PCD loans and unfunded commitments acquired in the HSBI acquisition. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes the ACL at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023. 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Commercial, financial and agriculture 8,908 8,844 Commercial real estate 30,684 29,125 Consumer real estate 15,434 15,260 Consumer installment 674 803 Total 55,700 54,032 
 ALLOWANCE FOR CREDIT LOSSES ON OBSC EXPOSURES 
 The Company estimates expected credit losses over the contractual period in which the Company is exposed to credit risk via a contractual obligation to extend credit unless that obligation is unconditionally cancellable by the Company. The ACL on OBSC exposures is adjusted as a provision for credit loss expense. The estimate includes consideration of the likelihood that funding will occur and an estimate of expected credit losses on commitments expected to be funded over its estimated life. The Company recorded no provision for credit losses on OBSC exposures for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2024, compared to 0 thousand and 750 thousand for the three and nine month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The ACL on OBSC exposures for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes the day one provision for unfunded commitments related to the HSBI acquisition and an increase in unfunded commitments. 
 
 OTHER ASSETS 
 The Company s balance of non-interest earning cash and due from banks was 127.5 million at September 30, 2024 and 224.2 million at December 31, 2023. The balance of cash and due from banks depends on the timing of collection of outstanding cash items (checks), the level of cash maintained on hand at our branches, and our reserve requirement among other things, and is subject to significant fluctuation in the normal course of business. While cash flows are normally predictable within limits, those limits are fairly broad and the Company manages its short-term cash position through the utilization of overnight loans to and borrowings from correspondent banks, including the Federal Reserve Bank and the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB ). Should a large short overnight position persist for any length of time, the Company typically raises money through focused retail deposit gathering efforts or by adding brokered time deposits. If a long position is prevalent, the Company will let brokered deposits or other wholesale borrowings roll off as they mature, or might invest excess liquidity in higher-yielding, longer-term bonds. 
 Total other securities increased 11.6 million to 52.4 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 40.8 million at December 31, 2023. The Company s net premises and equipment at September 30, 2024 was 170.6 million and 174.3 million at December 31, 2023; a decrease of 3.7 million, or 2.1 for the first nine months of 2024. Operating right-of-use assets at September 30, 2024 totaled 6.0 million compared to 6.4 million at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 423 thousand. Financing right-of-use assets at September 30, 2024 totaled 1.1 million compared to 1.5 million at December 31, 2023, a decrease of 348 thousand. Bank-owned life insurance at September 30, 2024 totaled 136.6 million compared to 134.2 million at December 31, 2023, an increase of 2.3 million. Goodwill at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 remained unchanged at 272.5 million. Other intangible assets, consisting primarily of the Company s core deposit intangible CDI ), decreased by 7.2 million to 61.7 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 68.8 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets are tested for impairment at least annually, and more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not that the asset is impaired. At September 30, 2024, management has determined that no impairment exists. 
 Other real estate owned decreased by 1.0 million, or 12.1 , to 7.3 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 8.3 million at December 31, 2023. 
 OFF-BALANCE SHEET ARRANGEMENTS 
 The Company maintains commitments to extend credit in the normal course of business, as long as there are no violations of conditions established in the outstanding contractual arrangements. Unused commitments to extend credit totaled 980.0 million at September 30, 2024 and 921.6 million at December 31, 2023, although it is not likely that all of 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 those commitments will ultimately be drawn down. Unused commitments represented approximately 18.4 of gross loans at September 30, 2024 and 17.8 at December 31, 2023. The Company also had undrawn similar standby letters of credit to customers totaling 28.9 million at September 30, 2024 and 28.7 million at December 31, 2023. The effect on the Company s revenues, expenses, cash flows and liquidity from the unused portion of the commitments to provide credit cannot be reasonably predicted because there is no guarantee that the lines of credit will ever be used. However, the Liquidity section in this Form 10-Q outlines resources available to draw upon should we be required to fund a significant portion of unused commitments. For more information regarding the Company s off-balance sheet arrangements, see Note 7 "Financial Instruments with Off-Balance Sheet Risk" to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 In addition to unused commitments to provide credit, the Company is utilizing a 355.0 million letter of credit issued by the FHLB on the Company s behalf as of September 30, 2024. That letter of credit is backed by loans which are pledged to the FHLB by the Company. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 LIQUIDITY 
 Liquidity management refers to the Company s ability to maintain cash flows that are adequate to fund operations and meet other obligations and commitments in a timely and cost-effective manner. Detailed cash flow projections are reviewed by management on a monthly basis, with various scenarios applied to assess its ability to meet liquidity needs under adverse conditions. Liquidity ratios are also calculated and reviewed on a regular basis. While those ratios are merely indicators and are not measures of actual liquidity, they are closely monitored, and we are focused on maintaining adequate liquidity resources to draw upon should unexpected needs arise. 
 The Company, on occasion, experiences cash needs as the result of loan growth, deposit outflows, asset purchases or liability repayments. To meet short-term needs, the Company can borrow overnight funds from other financial institutions, draw advances through FHLB lines of credit, utilize the bank term funding program, or solicit brokered deposits if deposits are not immediately obtainable from local sources. The net availability on lines of credit from the FHLB totaled 2.063 billion at September 30, 2024. Furthermore, funds can be obtained by drawing down the Company s correspondent bank deposit accounts, or by liquidating unpledged investments or other readily saleable assets. In addition, the Company can raise immediate cash for temporary needs by selling under agreements to repurchase those investments in its portfolio which are not pledged as collateral. As of September 30, 2024, the market value of unpledged debt securities plus pledged securities in excess of current pledging requirements comprised 648.5 million of the Company s investment balances, compared to 661.8 million at December 31, 2023. Other forms of balance sheet liquidity include but are not necessarily limited to any outstanding federal funds sold and vault cash. The Company has a higher level of actual balance sheet liquidity than might otherwise be the case since it utilizes a letter of credit from the FHLB rather than investment securities for certain pledging requirements. 
 The Company s liquidity ratio as of September 30, 2024 was 14.3 , as compared to internal liquidity policy guidelines of 10 minimum. Other liquidity ratios reviewed include the following along with policy guidelines: 
 September 30, 2024 Policy Maximum Policy Compliance Loans to Deposits (including FHLB advances) 80.1 90.0 In Policy Net Non-core Funding Dependency Ratio 7.8 20.0 In Policy Fed Funds Purchased / Total Assets 0.0 10.0 In Policy FHLB Advances / Total Assets 1.2 20.0 In Policy Bank Term Funding Program / Total Assets 1.4 10.0 In Policy Pledged Securities / Total Securities 61.7 90.0 In Policy 
 Relatively high levels of potentially liquid investments have had a positive impact on our liquidity position in recent periods, but no assurance can be provided that our liquidity will continue at current robust levels. 
 As of September 30, 2024, cash and cash equivalents were 214.1 million. In addition, loans and investment securities repricing or maturing within one year or less were approximately 1.775 billion at September 30, 2024. Approximately 980.0 million in loan commitments could fund within the next three months and includes other commitments, primarily commercial and 28.9 million in similar letters of credit, at September 30, 2024. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 Management continually evaluates our liquidity position and currently believes the Company has adequate funding to meet our financial needs. 
 The Company s primary uses of funds are ordinary operating expenses and shareholder dividends, and its primary source of funds is dividends from the Bank since the Company does not conduct regular banking operations. Both the Company and the Bank are subject to legal and regulatory limitations on dividend payments, as outlined in Item 1. Business "Supervision and Regulation" in the Company s 2023 Form 10-K. 
 DEPOSITS 
 Deposits are another key balance sheet component impacting the Company s net interest margin and other profitability metrics. Deposits provide liquidity to fund growth in earning assets, and the Company s net interest margin is improved to the extent that growth in deposits is concentrated in less volatile and typically less costly non-maturity deposits such as demand deposit accounts, NOW accounts, savings accounts, and money market demand accounts. Information concerning average balances and rates for the nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are included in the Average Balances, Tax Equivalent Interest and Yield/Rates tables appearing above, under the heading Net Interest Income and Net Interest Margin. 
 Deposit Distribution September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 in thousands) Average Balance Average Rate Paid Average Balance Average Rate Paid Non-interest-bearing demand deposits 1,815,486 2,012,935 Interest bearing deposits: NOW accounts and other 2,059,055 2.15 2,017,154 1.41 Money market accounts 1,090,347 2.85 1,013,701 1.79 Savings accounts 519,124 0.23 606,421 0.18 Time deposits 1,111,039 3.78 904,629 2.61 Total interest-bearing deposits 4,779,565 2.48 4,541,905 1.57 Total deposits 6,595,051 1.80 6,554,840 1.09 
 As of September 30, 2024, average deposits increased by 40.2 million, or 0.6 to 6.595 billion from 6.555 billion at December 31, 2023. The average cost of interest-bearing deposits and total deposits was 2.48 and 1.80 at September 30, 2024 compared to 1.57 and 1.09 at December 31, 2023. The increase in the average cost of interest-bearing deposits during the first nine months of 2024 compared to December 31, 2023 is attributed to the increase in volume coupled with an increase in rates attributable to the higher rate environment. 
 The Company's estimated uninsured deposits totaled 2.289 billion at September 30, 2024, compared to 2.145 billion at December 31, 2023, representing 34.9 and 33.2 of total deposits at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. These estimates were derived using the same methodologies and assumptions used for the Bank's regulatory reporting. 
 OTHER INTEREST-BEARING LIABILITIES 
 The Company s non-deposit borrowings may, at any given time, include federal funds purchased from correspondent banks, borrowings from the FHLB, advances from the Federal Reserve Bank, securities sold under agreements to repurchase, and/or junior subordinated debentures. The Company uses short-term FHLB advances, and federal funds purchased on uncommitted lines to support liquidity needs created by seasonal deposit flows, to temporarily satisfy funding needs from increased loan demand, and for other short-term purposes. The FHLB line is committed, but the amount of available credit depends on the level of pledged collateral. 
 Total noninterest-bearing deposit liabilities decreased by 52.3 million, or 2.8 , in the first nine months of 2024. As of September 30, 2024, junior subordinated debentures increased 259 thousand, net of issuance costs, to 123.6 million. Subordinated debt is discussed more fully in the below Capital section of this report. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 BANK TERM FUNDING PROGRAM BORROWINGS 
 On March 12, 2023, the Federal Reserve Board announced the Bank Term Funding Program ("BTFP"), which offers loans to banks with a term up to one year. The loans are secured by pledging the banks' U.S. treasuries, agency securities, agency mortgage-backed securities, and any other qualifying asset. These pledged securities will be valued at par for collateral purposes. The BTFP offers up to one year fixed-rate term borrowings that are prepayable without penalty. 
 The Bank had outstanding BTFP debt of 110.0 million and pledged securities with a fair value of 312.3 million at September 30, 2024. The securities pledged have a par value of 339.7 million. The Bank's BTFP borrowings, which were drawn on December 28, 2023, bear an interest rate of 4.83 and is set to mature one year from its issuance date. 
 LEASE LIABILITIES 
 As of September 30, 2024, operating lease liabilities decreased 419 thousand, or 6.4 to 6.1 million from 6.6 million at December 31, 2023. Finance lease liabilities decreased 137 thousand, or 7.9 to 1.602 million from 1.739 million at December 31, 2023. 
 OTHER LIABILITIES 
 Other liabilities are principally comprised of accrued interest payable and other accrued but unpaid expenses. Other liabilities decreased by 10.6 million, or 16.1 , during the first nine months of 2024. As of September 30, 2024, accrued interest payable decreased 9.0 million, or 39.6 to 13.7 million from 22.7 million at December 31, 2023, largely due to the repayment of 280 million in BTFP borrowings from the FRB. The ACL on OBSC exposures remained unchanged at 2.1 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 CAPITAL 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had total shareholders equity of 1.012 billion, comprised of 32.5 million in common stock, 41.1 million in treasury stock, 776.7 million in surplus, 335.7 million in undivided profits, and 92.1 million in accumulated comprehensive loss on available-for-sale securities. Total shareholders equity at the end of 2023 was 949.0 million. The increase of 62.6 million, or 6.6 , in shareholders equity during the first nine months of 2024 is primarily attributable to capital added through net earnings of 58.9 million and 25.5 million decrease in accumulated comprehensive loss offset by 23.4 million in cash dividends paid. 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the "2023 Repurchase Program"), pursuant to which the Company may purchase up to an aggregate of 50 million in shares of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock during the 2023 calendar year. Under the program, the Company may, but is not required to, from time to time, repurchase up to 50 million of shares of its own common stock in any manner determined appropriate by the Company s management. The actual timing and method of any purchases, the target number of shares and the maximum price (or range of prices) under the program, will be determined by management at is discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company s common stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The 2023 Repurchase Program expired on December 31, 2023. 
 On February 28, 2024, the Company announced that its Board of Directors has authorized a new share repurchase program (the "2024 Repurchase Program"), pursuant to which the Company may purchase up to an aggregate of 50.0 million in shares of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock during the 2024 calendar year. Under the program, the Company may, but is not required to, from time to time, repurchase up to 50.0 million of shares of its own common stock in any manner determined appropriate by the Company s management. The actual timing and method of any purchases, the target number of shares and the maximum price (or range of prices) under the program, will be determined by management at is discretion and will depend on a number of factors, including the market price of the Company s common stock, general market and economic conditions, and applicable legal and regulatory requirements. The 2024 Repurchase Program will expire on December 31, 2024. 
 The Company uses a variety of measures to evaluate its capital adequacy, including risk-based capital and leverage ratios that are calculated separately for the Company and the Bank. Management reviews these capital measurements on a quarterly basis and takes appropriate action to ensure that they meet or surpass established internal and 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 external guidelines. As permitted by the regulators for financial institutions that are not deemed to be advanced approaches institutions, the Company has elected to opt out of the requirement of the standards initially adopted by the Basal Committee on Banking Supervision in December 2010 (which standards are commonly referred to as Basel III to include accumulated other comprehensive income in risk-based capital. The following table sets forth the Bank's and the Company s regulatory capital ratios as of the dates indicated. 
 Regulatory Capital Ratios The First Bank September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Minimum Required to be Well Capitalized Minimum Capital Required Basel III Fully Phased In Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 14.3 13.8 6.5 7.0 Tier 1 Capital Ratio 14.3 13.8 8.0 8.5 Total Capital Ratio 15.2 14.8 10.0 10.5 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 11.4 10.7 5.0 7.0 
 Regulatory Capital Ratios The First Bancshares, Inc. September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Minimum Required to be Well Capitalized Minimum Capital Required Basel III Fully Phased In Common Equity Tier 1 Capital Ratio 12.5 12.1 N/A N/A Tier 1 Capital Ratio 12.9 12.5 N/A N/A Total Capital Ratio 15.4 15.0 N/A N/A Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 10.3 9.7 N/A N/A 
 ______________________________________ 
 The numerator does not include Preferred Stock and Trust Preferred. 
 The numerator includes Trust Preferred. 
 Our capital ratios remain very strong relative to the median for peer financial institutions, and at September 30, 2024 were well above the threshold for the Company and the Bank to be classified as well capitalized, the highest rating of the categories defined under the Bank Holding Company Act and the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act of 1991. Basel III rules require a capital conservation buffer for both the Company and the Bank. The capital conservation buffer is subject to a three-year phase-in period that began January 1, 2016 and was fully phased-in on January 1, 2019 at 2.5 . Under this guidance banking institutions with a CETI, Tier 1 Capital Ratio and Total Risk Based Capital above the minimum regulatory adequate capital ratios but below the capital conservation buffer will face constraints on their ability to pay dividends, repurchase equity and pay discretionary bonuses to executive officers, based on the amount of the shortfall. 
 As of September 30, 2024, management believes that each of the Bank and the Company met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject. We do not foresee any circumstances that would cause the Company or the Bank to be less than well capitalized, although no assurance can be given that this will not occur. 
 Total consolidated equity capital at September 30, 2024 was 1.012 billion, or approximately 12.7 of total assets. The Company currently has adequate capital to meet the minimum capital requirements for all regulatory agencies. 
 On June 30, 2006, the Company issued 4.1 million of floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures to The First Bancshares Statutory Trust 2 Trust 2 ). The debentures are the sole asset of Trust 2, and the Company is the sole owner of the common equity of Trust 2. Trust 2 issued 4.0 million of Trust Preferred Securities to investors. The Company s obligations under the debentures and related documents, taken together, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of the Trust 2 s obligations under the preferred securities. The preferred securities are redeemable by the Company at its option. The preferred securities must be redeemed upon maturity of the debentures in 2036. Interest on the preferred securities is the three-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate ("SOFR") plus 1.65 plus a tenor spread adjustment of .026161 and is payable quarterly. The terms of the subordinated debentures are identical to those of the preferred securities. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 On July 27, 2007, the Company issued 6.2 million of floating rate junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures to The First Bancshares Statutory Trust 3 Trust 3 ). The Company owns all of the common equity of Trust 3, and the debentures are the sole asset of Trust 3. Trust 3 issued 6.0 million of Trust Preferred Securities to investors. The Company s obligations under the debentures and related documents, taken together, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of the Trust 3 s obligations under the preferred securities. The preferred securities are redeemable by the Company at its option. The preferred securities must be redeemed upon maturity of the debentures in 2037. Interest on the preferred securities is the three-month term SOFR plus 1.40 plus a tenor spread adjustment of .026161 and is payable quarterly. The terms of the subordinated debentures are identical to those of the preferred securities. 
 In 2018, as a result of the acquisition of FMB Banking Corporation ("FMB"), the Company became the successor to FMB's obligations in respect of 6.2 million of floating rate junior subordinated debentures issued to FMB Capital Trust 1 ("FMB Trust"). The debentures are the sole asset of FMB Trust, and the Company is the sole owner of the common equity of FMB Trust. FMB Trust issued 6.0 million of Trust Preferred Securities to investors. The Company s obligations under the debentures and related documents, taken together, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of FMB Trust's obligations under the preferred securities. The preferred securities issued by the FMB Trust are redeemable by the Company at its option. The preferred securities must be redeemed upon maturity of the debentures in 2033. Interest on the preferred securities is the three-month term SOFR plus 2.85 plus a tenor spread adjustment of .026161 and is payable quarterly. 
 On January 1, 2023, as a result of the acquisition of HSBI, the Company became the successor to HSBI's obligations in respect of 10.3 million of subordinated debentures issued to Liberty Shares Statutory Trust II ("Liberty Trust"). The debentures are the sole asset of Liberty Trust, and the Company is the sole owner of the common equity of Liberty Trust. Liberty Trust issued 10.0 million of preferred securities to an investor. The Company's obligations under the debentures and related documents, taken together, constitute a full and unconditional guarantee by the Company of Liberty Trust's obligations under the preferred securities. The preferred securities issued by the Liberty Trust are redeemable by the Company at its option. The preferred securities must be redeemed upon maturity of the debentures in 2036. Interest on the preferred securities is the three-month term SOFR plus 1.48 plus a tenor spread adjustment of .026161 and is payable quarterly. 
 In accordance with the provisions of ASC 810, Consolidation, the trusts are not included in the consolidated financial statements. 
 Subordinated Notes 
 On April 30, 2018, the Company entered into two Subordinated Note Purchase Agreements pursuant to which the Company sold and issued 24.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.875 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2028 (the "Notes due 2028") and 42.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 6.40 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2033 (the Notes due 2033 ). In May of 2023, the Company redeemed all 24.0 million of the outstanding 5.875 fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2028. 
 The Notes due 2033 are not convertible into or exchangeable for any other securities or assets of the Company or any of its subsidiaries. The Notes are not subject to redemption at the option of the holder. Principal and interest on the Notes are subject to acceleration only in limited circumstances. The Notes due 2033 are unsecured, subordinated obligations of the Company and rank junior in right to payment to the Company s current and future senior indebtedness, and each Note is pari passu in right to payment with respect to the other Notes. The Notes due 2033 have a fifteen year term, maturing May 1, 2033, and will bear interest at a fixed annual rate of 6.40 , payable quarterly in arrears, for the first ten years of the term. Thereafter, the interest rate will re-set quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate (which is expected to be three-month term SOFR plus 3.39 plus a tenor spread adjustment of .026161 ), payable quarterly in arrears. As provided in the Notes due 2033, under specified conditions the interest rate on the Notes due 2033 during the applicable floating rate period may be determined based on a rate other than three-month term SOFR. The Company is entitled to redeem the Notes due 2033, in whole or in part, on any interest payment date on or after May 1, 2028, and to redeem the Notes due 2033 at any time in whole upon certain other specified events. 
 On September 25, 2020, the Company entered into a Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement with certain qualified institutional buyers pursuant to which the Company sold and issued 65.0 million in aggregate principal amount of its 4.25 Fixed to Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2030 (the "Notes due 2030"). The Notes due 2030 are unsecured and have a ten-year term, maturing October 1, 2030, and will bear interest at a fixed annual rate of 4.25 , 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 payable semi-annually in arrears, for the first five years of the term. Thereafter, the interest rate will reset quarterly to an interest rate per annum equal to a benchmark rate (which is expected to be the three-month term SOFR plus 412.6 basis points), payable quarterly in arrears. As provided in the Notes due 2030, under specified conditions the interest rate on the Notes due 2030 during the applicable floating rate period may be determined based on a rate other than Three-Month Term SOFR. The Company is entitled to redeem the Notes due 2030, in whole or in part, on any interest payment date on or after October 1, 2025, and to redeem the Notes due 2030 at any time in whole upon certain other specified events. 
 The Company had 123.6 million of subordinated debt, net of 1.4 million deferred issuance costs and 1.7 million unamortized fair value mark, at September 30, 2024, compared to 123.4 million, net of 1.6 million deferred issuance costs and 2.1 million unamortized fair value mark, at December 31, 2023. 
 Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Our accounting and reporting policies conform to GAAP in the United States and prevailing practices in the banking industry. However, certain non-GAAP measures are used by management to supplement the evaluation of our performance. This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes operating net earnings; net interest income, FTE; average tax equivalent yield on investment securities, core net interest margin and certain ratios derived from these non-GAAP financial measures. The Company believes that the non-GAAP financial measures included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q allow management and investors to understand and compare results in a more consistent manner for the periods presented herein. Fully-tax equivalent, or "FTE", financial metrics are measures used by management to evaluate the corresponding GAAP financial metrics in a manner that takes into account the tax benefits associated with income sources that are exempt from state or federal taxes. Core net interest margin is used by management to measure the net return on earnings assets, which includes investment securities, loans, and leases but excludes certain income and expense items that the Company's management considers to be non-core/adjusted in nature. Similarly, "operating" financial metrics, including operating efficiency ratio and operating earnings per share, are used by management to evaluate operating results exclusive of items that are not indicative of ongoing operations and impact period-to-period comparisons. Management uses "tangible" financial metrics, including tangible common equity and tangible book value, to measure the value of the Company's assets net of intangible assets, such as goodwill. The tax equivalent adjustment to net interest income and average yield on investment securities recognizes the income tax savings when comparing taxable and tax-exempt assets and assumes a 25.3 tax rate. Management believes that it is a standard practice in the banking industry to present net interest income and net interest margin on a fully tax equivalent basis, and believes it enhances the comparability of income and expenses arising from taxable and nontaxable sources. Operating net earnings excludes acquisition and charter conversion charges, initial provision for acquired loans. Non-GAAP financial measures should be considered supplemental and not a substitute for the Company s results reported in accordance with GAAP for the periods presented, and other bank holding companies may define or calculate these measures differently. The most comparable GAAP measures to these measures are earnings per share, net interest income, earnings, total interest income, and average yield on investment securities, respectively. These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation and do not purport to be an alternative to the efficiency ratio, net income, earnings per share, net interest income, net interest margin, average yield on investment securities, average yield on all earning assets, common equity, book value per common share or other GAAP financial measures as a measure of operating performance. A reconciliation of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most comparable GAAP measure is provided below. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Net Earnings 
 in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Net income available to common shareholders 18,571 24,360 58,896 64,410 Acquisition and charter conversion charges 2,592 588 2,952 8,482 Tax on acquisition and charter conversion charges (656) (149) (747) (2,146) Initial provision for acquired loans 10,727 Tax on initial provision for acquired loans (2,714) Treasury awards (6,197) (6,197) Tax on Treasury awards 1,568 1,568 Contributions/consulting/advertising related to Treasury awards 5,190 5,190 Tax on contributions/consulting/advertising related to Treasury awards (1,313) (1,313) Net earnings available to common shareholders, operating 20,507 24,047 61,101 78,007 
 Net Interest Income, Fully Tax Equivalent 
 in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Net interest income 59,014 60,704 174,149 191,660 Tax-exempt investment income (2,925) (2,929) (8,836) (8,825) Taxable investment income 3,915 3,921 11,827 11,813 Net interest income, FTE 60,004 61,696 177,140 194,648 Average earning assets 7,094,901 7,001,048 7,114,150 7,056,606 Annualized net interest margin 3.33 3.47 3.26 3.62 Annualized net interest margin, FTE 3.38 3.52 3.32 3.68 
 Core Net Interest Margin 
 in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Net interest income (FTE) 60,004 61,696 177,140 194,648 Less purchase accounting adjustments 2,008 4,276 6,702 14,279 Net interest income, net of purchase accounting adj 57,996 57,420 170,438 180,369 Total average earning assets 7,094,901 7,001,048 7,114,150 7,056,606 Add average balance of loan valuation discount 20,306 31,269 22,433 27,005 Avg earning assets, excluding loan valuation discount 7,115,207 7,032,317 7,136,583 7,083,611 Core net interest margin 3.26 3.27 3.18 3.40 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Income Investment Securities, Fully Tax Equivalent 
 in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Interest income investment securities 10,989 10,614 34,070 33,136 Tax-exempt investment income (2,925) (2,929) (8,836) (8,825) Taxable investment income 3,915 3,921 11,827 11,813 Interest income investment securities, FTE 11,979 11,606 37,061 36,124 Average investment securities 1,714,458 1,882,672 1,770,816 1,951,109 Yield on investment securities 2.56 2.26 2.57 2.26 Yield on investment securities, FTE 2.79 2.47 2.79 2.47 
 
 ITEM 3. QUALITATIVE AND QUANTITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Market risk arises from changes in interest rates, exchange rates, commodity prices and equity prices. The Company does not engage in the trading of financial instruments, nor does it have exposure to currency exchange rates. Our market risk exposure is primarily that of interest rate risk, and we have established policies and procedures to monitor and limit our earnings and balance sheet exposure to changes in interest rates. The principal objective of interest rate risk management is to manage the financial components of the Company s balance sheet in a manner that will optimize the risk/reward equation for earnings and capital under a variety of interest rate scenarios. 
 To identify areas of potential exposure to interest rate changes, we utilize commercially available modeling software to perform earnings simulations and calculate the Company s market value of portfolio equity under varying interest rate scenarios every month. The model imports relevant information for the Company s financial instruments and incorporates management s assumptions on pricing, duration, and optionality for anticipated new volumes. Various rate scenarios consisting of key rate and yield curve projections are then applied in order to calculate the expected effect of a given interest rate change on interest income, interest expense, and the value of the Company s financial instruments. The rate projections can be shocked (an immediate and parallel change in all base rates, up or down), ramped (an incremental increase or decrease in rates over a specified time period), economic (based on current trends and econometric models) or stable (unchanged from current actual levels). 
 The following table shows the estimated changes in net interest income at risk and market value of equity along with policy limits: 
 September 30, 2024 Net Interest Income at Risk Market Value of Equity Change in Interest Rates 
 Change from Base Policy Limit Change from Base Policy Limit Up 400 bps (15.4) (20.0) (3.7) (40.0) Up 300 bps (6.3) (15.0) 0.7 (30.0) Up 200 bps (0.3) (10.0) 3.7 (20.0) Up 100 bps 1.8 (5.0) 3.7 (10.0) Down 100 bps (1.0) (5.0) (5.6) (10.0) Down 200 bps (10.0) (11.1) (20.0) 
 We use seven standard interest rate scenarios in conducting our 12-month net interest income simulations: static, upward shocks of 100, 200, 300 and 400 basis points, and downward shocks of 100, and 200 basis points. Pursuant to policy guidelines, we typically attempt to limit the projected decline in net interest income relative to the stable rate scenario to no more than 5 for a 100 basis point (bp) interest rate shock, 10 for a 200 bp shock, 15 for a 300 bp shock, and 20 for a 400 bp shock. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had the following estimated net interest 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 income sensitivity profile, without factoring in any potential negative impact on spreads resulting from competitive pressures or credit quality deterioration: 
 September 30, 2024 Net Interest Income at Risk Sensitivity Year 1 in thousands) -200 bp -100 bp STATIC +100 bp +200 bp +300 bp +400 bp Net Interest Income 244,149 241,746 244,137 248,485 243,319 228,869 206,668 Dollar Change 12 (2,391) 4,348 (818) (15,268) (37,469) NII @ Risk - Sensitivity Y1 (1.0) 1.8 (0.3) (6.3) (15.4) Policy Limits (10.0) (5.0) (5.0) (10.0) (15.0) (20.0) 
 If there were an immediate and sustained downward adjustment of 200 basis points in interest rates, all else being equal, net interest income over the next twelve months would likely be approximately 12 thousand higher than in a stable interest rate scenario, for an unchanged variance of 0.0 . 
 Net interest income would likely decline by 818 thousand, or 0.3 , if interest rates were to increase by 200 basis points relative to a stable interest rate scenario, with the unfavorable variance expanding the higher interest rates rise. The initial increase in rising rate scenarios will be limited to some extent by the fact that some of our variable-rate loans are currently at rate floors, resulting in a re-pricing lag while base rates are increasing to floored levels, but the Company would expect to benefit from a material upward shift in the yield curve. 
 The Company s one-year cumulative GAP ratio is approximately 145.0 , which means that there are more assets repricing than liabilities within the first year. The Company is asset sensitive. These results are based on cash flows from assumptions of assets and liabilities that reprice (maturities, likely calls, prepayments, etc.). Typically, the net interest income of asset-sensitive financial institutions should improve with rising rates and decrease with declining rates. 
 If interest rates change in the modeled amounts, our assets and liabilities may not perform as anticipated. Measuring interest rate risk has inherent limitations including model assumptions. For example, changes in market indices as modeled in conjunction with changes in the shapes of the yield curves could result in different net interest income. We consider many factors in monitoring our interest rate risk, and management adjusts strategies for the balance sheet and earnings as needed. 
 In addition to the net interest income simulations shown above, we run stress scenarios modeling the possibility of no balance sheet growth, the potential runoff of surge core deposits and uninsured depositors, and potential unfavorable movement in deposit rates relative to yields on earning assets. Even though net interest income will naturally be lower with no balance sheet growth, the rate-driven variances projected for net interest income in a static growth environment are similar to the changes noted above for our standard projections. When a greater level of non-maturity deposit runoff is assumed or unfavorable deposit rate changes are factored into the model, projected net interest income in declining rate and flat rate scenarios does not change materially relative to standard growth projections. However, the benefit we would otherwise experience in rising rate scenarios is minimized and net interest income remains relatively flat. Recently, the Company underwent a study of its deposit base and loan prepayment speeds to provide more clarity on the specific movement of its balance sheet during a flat and rising rate environment. The study is updated periodically. The results of the study have been incorporated into the 2024 modeling. In the event the Company exceeds the tolerance for any particular shock, management reviews strategies as to the cause of the breach and institutes actions accordingly. Board level data is provided on a regular basis for all of the modeling results as well as any breach of tolerance levels. 
 The economic value (or fair value of financial instruments on the Company s balance sheet will also vary under the interest rate scenarios previously discussed. The difference between the projected fair value of the Company s financial assets and the fair value of its financial liabilities is referred to as the economic value of equity EVE ), and changes in EVE under different interest rate scenarios are effectively a gauge of the Company s longer-term exposure to interest rate risk. Fair values for financial instruments are estimated by discounting projected cash flows (principal and interest) at projected replacement interest rates for each account type, while the fair value of non-financial accounts is assumed to equal their book value for all rate scenarios. An economic value simulation is a static measure utilizing balance sheet accounts at a given point in time, and the measurement can change substantially over time as the characteristics of the Company s balance sheet evolve and interest rate and yield curve assumptions are updated. 
 The change in economic value under different interest rate scenarios depends on the characteristics of each class of financial instrument, including stated interest rates or spreads relative to current or projected market-level interest rates 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 or spreads, the likelihood of principal prepayments, whether contractual interest rates are fixed or floating, and the average remaining time to maturity. As a general rule, fixed-rate financial assets become more valuable in declining rate scenarios and less valuable in rising rate scenarios, while fixed-rate financial liabilities gain in value as interest rates rise and lose value as interest rates decline. The longer the duration of the financial instrument, the greater the impact a rate change will have on its value. In our economic value simulations, estimated prepayments are factored in for financial instruments with stated maturity dates, and decay rates for non-maturity deposits are projected based on historical patterns and management s best estimates. The table below shows estimated changes in the Company s EVE as of September 30, 2024, under different interest rate scenarios relative to a base case of current interest rates: 
 September 30, 2024 Balance Sheet Shock in thousands) -200 bp -100 bp STATIC (Base) +100 bp +200 bp +300 bp +400 bp Market Value of Equity 1,286,285 1,366,143 1,446,901 1,499,989 1,500,491 1,457,655 1,393,509 Change in EVE from base (160,616) (80,758) 53,088 53,590 10,754 (53,392) Change (11.1) (5.6) 3.7 3.7 0.7 (3.7) Policy Limits (20.0) (10.0) (10.0) (20.0) (30.0) (40.0) 
 We also run stress scenarios for EVE to simulate the possibility of higher loan prepayment rates, unfavorable changes in deposit rates, and higher deposit decay rates. Model results are highly sensitive to changes in assumed decay rates for non-maturity deposits, in particular. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of September 30, 2024, (the Evaluation Date ), we carried out an evaluation, under the supervision of and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) promulgated under the Exchange Act. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of the Evaluation Date, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act, during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or that are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, the Company and/or The First may be named as defendants in various lawsuits arising out of the normal course of business. At present, with the exception of the matter described below, the Company is not aware of any legal proceedings that it anticipates may materially adversely affect its business. 
 Nancy Hall, et al. v. The First Bancshares, Inc., Case No. 2:23-cv-192, United States District Court, Southern District of Mississippi. 
 On December 7, 2023, Nancy Hall, individually and on behalf of all others similarly situated ("Plaintiff"), sued The First Bancshares, Inc., as successor in interest to Heritage Southeast Bank, in a putative class action complaint in federal district court for the Southern District of Mississippi. Plaintiff asserts claims based on the alleged improper assessment and collection of overdraft fees. Specifically, Plaintiff's claims relate to overdraft fees resulting from alleged "authorized positive, settle negative" or APSN debit card transactions. The complaint asserts causes of action of breach of contract, including the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, and unjust enrichment. The complaint also asserts a claim for alleged violations of Regulation E of the Electronic Funds Transfer Act. The complaint seeks an unspecified amount of damages, restitution, costs, attorney's fees, and interest, as well as injunctive relief. 
 On February 1, 2024, the Company filed its Answer and Affirmative Defenses. On March 5, 2024, the Company filed a Motion to Stay Proceedings and Compel Arbitration. The court has entered an order staying the case. The Company accrued 750 thousand for this litigation during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 On July 3, 2024, the Plaintiff notified the court that the parties had reached an agreement in principle to settle the case. The Company and the Plaintiff have signed a term sheet to settle the case on a class-wide basis for 995 thousand, subject to court approval. The parties are currently negotiating the terms of the settlement agreement which will be presented to the court for approval. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 There have been no material changes in the Risk Factors described in the Company's 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Period Current Programs Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in thousands) (a) July 1 -July 31 1,869 29.56 50,000 August 1 -August 31 50,000 September 1 - September 30 50,000 Total 1,869 (b) 29.56 
 ______________________________________ 
 (a) On February 28, 2024, the Company announced that its Board of Directors authorized a new share repurchase program (the "2024 Repurchase Program"), pursuant to which the Company may purchase up to an aggregate of 50 million in shares of the Company's issued and outstanding common stock. The 2024 Repurchase Program expires on December 31, 2024. 
 (b) The 1,869 shares purchased in the third quarter were withheld by the Company in order to satisfy employee tax obligations for vesting of restricted stock awards. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 Not applicable 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company's directors or executive officers or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of Company securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement." 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 (a) Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of April 26, 2022, by and between The First Bancshares, Inc. and Beach Bancorp, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 2, 2022). 
 2.2 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 27, 2022, by and between The First Bancshares, Inc. and Heritage Southeast Bancorporation, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on August 1, 2022). 
 2.3 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 29, 2024, by and between Renasant Corporation and The First Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2024). 
 3.1 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of The First Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 28, 2016). 
 3.2 Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of The First Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on August 9, 2018). 
 3.3 Amend ment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the First Bancshares, Inc. (as incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 26, 2023). 
 3.4 Amended and Restated Bylaws of The First Bancshares, Inc. effective as of March 17, 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2016). 
 3.5 Amendment No. 1 to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of The First Bancshares, Inc. effective as of May 7, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.4 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 11, 2020). 
 4.1 Form of Certificate of Common Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Registration Statement No. 333-220491 on Form S-3 filed on September 15, 2017). 
 4.2 Form of Global Subordinated Note for The First Bancshares, Inc. 5.875 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due 2028 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2018). 
 4.3 Form of Global Subordinated Note for The First Bancshares, Inc. 6.4 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due 2033 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on May 1, 2018). 
 4.4 Indenture by and between The First Bancshares, Inc. and U.S. Bank National Association, dated September 25, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2020). 
 4.5 Form of Global Subordinated Note for The First Bancshares, Inc. 4.25 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes Due 2030 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 25, 2020). 
 10.1 Form of Seller Voting Agreement, dated as of July 29, 2024, by and among Renasant Corporation, The First Bancshares, Inc., and each director and executive officer of The First Bancshares, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on July 29, 2024). 
 31.1 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to 18 U. S. C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U. S. C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104.Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 ________________________________________________ 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 THE FIRST BANCSHARES, INC. (Registrant) November 8, 2024 /s/ M. RAY (HOPPY) COLE, JR. M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr. Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer), Chairman of the Board (Date) November 8, 2024 /s/ DONNA T. (DEE DEE) LOWERY Donna T. (Dee Dee) Lowery, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) (Date) 
 68 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 fbms-20240930xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 I, M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr., certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The First Bancshares, 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant including its consolidated subsidiaries is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 s M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr. M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr. Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer), Chairman of the Board 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 fbms-20240930xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 I, Dee Dee Lowery, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of The First Bancshares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant including its consolidated subsidiaries is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 8, 2024 
 s Donna T. (Dee Dee) Lowery Donna T. (Dee Dee) Lowery, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 fbms-20240930xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C., Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 __________________________________________ 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of The First Bancshares, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr., the Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr. Name M. Ray (Hoppy) Cole, Jr. Title Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer), Chairman of the Board Date November 8, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 fbms-20240930xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C., Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 __________________________________________ 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of The First Bancshares, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Dee Dee Lowery, the Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15 (d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 s Donna T. (Dee Dee) Lowery Name Donna T. (Dee Dee) Lowery Title Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) Date November 8, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fbms-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 fbms-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fbms-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fbms-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fbms-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

