<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1432133_0001432133-24-000157.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8680304</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>130110</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1473795</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3481675</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1804726</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1580831</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001432133-24-000157.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106161337
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001432133-24-000157
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		94
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KALTURA INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001432133
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				208128326
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40644
		FILM NUMBER:		241431090

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 PARK AVENUE SOUTH
		STREET 2:		10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646 262-9144

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		250 PARK AVENUE SOUTH
		STREET 2:		10TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001432133-24-000157.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 kltr-20240930.htm
 10-Q

kltr-20240930 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from ___________ to ____________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 
 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

, 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 N/A 
 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered , 0.0001 par value per share 
 
 The Stock Market LLC 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The number of shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.0001, outstanding as of November 1, 2024 was 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 202 4 (unaudited) and December 31, 202 3 (audited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 202 4 and 202 3 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the three and nine months ended September 30, 202 4 and 202 3 (unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity for the three and nine months ended September 30, 202 4 and 202 3 (unaudited) 
 8 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 202 4 and 202 3 (unaudited) 
 10 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Interim Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 12 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 53 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 54 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 55 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 55 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 55 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 55 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 55 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 55 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 57 
 Signatures 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). All statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q may be forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, expects, plans, anticipates, could, intends, targets, projects, contemplates, believes, estimates, forecasts, predicts, potential or continue or the negative of these terms or other similar expressions. Forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our future results of operations and financial position, industry and business trends, stock-based compensation, revenue recognition, business strategy and plans, and market growth. 
 The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are only predictions. We have based these forward-looking statements largely on our current assumptions, expectations and projections about future events and financial trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including, but not limited to the following: 
 
 We may not be able to successfully assess or mitigate the current volatile economic climate and its direct and indirect impact on our business and operations, including our customers and vendors, or to correctly predict the duration and depth of the current instability of the global economy and take the right or sufficient measures to address it; 
 
 Political, economic, and military conditions in Israel, such as the current conflicts with Hamas and Hezbollah, could materially and adversely affect our business; 
 
 Our dependency on existing customer demand and exposure to changes in demand by our customers, loss of one or more of our significant customers, or any other reduction in the amount of revenue we derive from any such customer, including as a result from reasons not under our control, makes it difficult to evaluate our current business and future prospects and may increase the risk that our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects, which could be adversely affected; 
 
 We have a history of losses and may not be able to achieve or maintain profitability; 
 
 Our future success depends on the growth and expansion of the markets for our offerings, which are constantly evolving and may develop more slowly or differently than we expect, and on our ability to adapt and respond effectively to evolving market conditions; 
 
 If we are not able to keep pace with technological and competitive developments and develop or otherwise introduce new products and solutions and enhancements to our existing offerings, our offerings may become less marketable, less competitive or obsolete, and our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected; 
 
 We may face risks associated with our use of certain artificial intelligence ("AI") and machine learning models, including generative artificial intelligence ("generative AI" or "GenAI") and compliance with the evolving regulatory framework around AI development and use; 
 
 If we do not maintain the interoperability of our offerings across devices, operating systems and third-party applications that we do not control, and if we are not able to maintain and expand our relationships with third-party technology partners to integrate our offerings with their products and solutions (and vice-versa), our business, financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected; 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Part of our Application Programming Interfaces (APIs) and other components in our offerings are licensed to the public under an open-source license, which could negatively affect our ability to monetize our offerings and protect our intellectual property rights; 
 
 The markets in which we compete are nascent and highly fragmented, and we may not be able to compete successfully against current and future competitors, some of whom have greater financial, technical, and other resources than we do, or can provide a bundled offering and solutions that might be more attractive to our customers enabling them to better compete with us, and as a result our business, financial condition and results of operations could be harmed; 
 
 If we are unable to increase sales of our subscriptions to new customers, expand the offerings to which our existing customers subscribe or the value of their subscriptions, or have them renew their subscriptions in terms that are economically beneficial to us, our future revenue and results of operations would be adversely affected; 
 
 Political, economic, and military conditions in Ukraine, Russia and other countries following the Russian invasion to Ukraine, geopolitical instability and hostilities in the Middle East and Gulf region and their possible impact on global trade and financial markets, or such and other conditions in other regions in which we operate, or changes in the business environment in those regions, could materially and adversely affect our business; 
 
 We recognize a significant portion of revenue from subscriptions over the term of the relevant subscription period, and as a result, downturns or upturns in sales are not immediately reflected in full in our results of operations; 
 
 Increased breaches of network or information technology security along with an increase in cyber-attack activities, increases the risk that we shall be subject to cybersecurity threats that could have an adverse effect on our business; 
 
 Data privacy, data protection and digital operational resilience laws are rapidly evolving and present increasing compliance challenges. Additionally, if we or our third-party service providers experience a security breach, data loss or other compromise, including if unauthorized parties obtain access to our customers data, our reputation may be harmed, demand for our platform, products and solutions may be reduced, and we may incur significant liabilities; 
 
 We typically provide service-level commitments and offer customer support under our customer agreements. If we fail to meet these contractual commitments, we could be obligated to provide credits for future service, face contract termination with refunds of prepaid amounts, be charged penalties, or could experience a decrease in customer renewals in future periods, any of which would lower our revenue and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations; 
 
 We rely on third parties, including third parties outside the United States, for some of our software development, quality assurance, operations, and customer support; 
 
 We depend on our management team and other key employees, and the loss of one or more of these employees or an inability to attract and retain highly skilled employees could adversely affect our business; 
 
 The failure to effectively develop and expand our marketing and sales capabilities or to maintain or expand our international business could harm our ability to increase our customer base and achieve broader market acceptance of our offerings; 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 We expect our revenue mix to vary over time, which could negatively impact our gross margin and results of operations; 
 
 Our international operations and expansion expose us to risk; 
 
 A portion of our revenue is generated by sales to government entities, which are subject to a number of challenges and risks; 
 
 If we are unable to consummate acquisitions at acceptable rate or prices or achieve our expected goals, and to enter into other strategic transactions and relationships that support our long-term strategy, our growth rate and the trading price of our common stock could be negatively affected; 
 
 A real or perceived bug, defect, security vulnerability, error, or other performance failure involving our platform, products or solutions could cause us to lose revenue, damage our reputation, and expose us to liability; 
 
 Failure to protect our proprietary technology, or to obtain, maintain, protect and enforce sufficiently broad intellectual property rights therein, could substantially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations; 
 
 Our failure to raise additional capital or generate the significant capital necessary to expand our operations and invest in new offerings could reduce our ability to compete and could adversely affect our business; 
 and 
 The other important factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC on February 22, 2024. 
 
 The forward-looking statements in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 You should read this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the documents that we reference in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and have filed as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q with the understanding that our actual future results, levels of activity, performance and achievements may be materially different from what we expect. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Except as required by applicable law, we do not plan to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, whether as a result of any new information, future events or otherwise. 
 As used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, unless otherwise stated or the context requires otherwise, references to Kaltura, the Company, we, us, and our, refer to Kaltura, Inc. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis. 

3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (U.S. dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) (unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Trade receivables Prepaid expenses and other current assets Deferred contract acquisition and fulfillment costs, current Total current assets LONG-TERM ASSETS: Marketable securities Property and equipment, net Other assets, noncurrent Deferred contract acquisition and fulfillment costs, noncurrent Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Total noncurrent assets TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY CURRENT LIABILITIES: Current portion of long-term loans Trade payables Employees and payroll accruals Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease liabilities, current Deferred revenue, current Total current liabilities LONG-TERM LIABILITIES: Deferred revenue, noncurrent Long-term loans, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent Other liabilities, noncurrent Total long-term liabilities TOTAL LIABILITIES 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements 
 4 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (U.S. dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 8) STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY: Preferred stock, par value per share, shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and shares issued as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively; and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Treasury stock 
 and shares of common stock, par value per share, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

5 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (U.S. dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 (unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue: Subscription Professional services Total revenue Cost of revenue: Subscription Professional services Total cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Restructuring Total operating expenses Operating loss Financial income, net ) ) ) ) Loss before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net loss Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS (U.S. dollars in thousands, except for share data) (unaudited) 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss Other comprehensive income (loss): Net unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges ) ) ) Net unrealized gains on available-for-sale marketable securities Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Comprehensive loss 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 U.S. dollars in thousands (except share data) 
 (unaudited) 

 Common stock Treasury stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' equity Number Amount Number Amount Balance as of July 1, 2024 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, and vesting of restricted stock units Other comprehensive income Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 Common stock Treasury stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' equity Number Amount Number Amount Balance as of July 1, 2023 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, and vesting of restricted stock units Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 8 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 U.S. dollars in thousands (except share data) 
 (unaudited) 

 Common stock Treasury stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' equity Number Amount Number Amount Balance as of January 1, 2024 ) ) Stock-based compensation Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, and vesting of restricted stock units Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 Common stock Treasury stock Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss Accumulated deficit Total stockholders' equity Number Amount Number Amount Balance as of January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Stock-based compensation Issuance of common stock upon exercise of stock options, and vesting of restricted stock units Other comprehensive loss ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS U.S. dollars in thousands (unaudited) 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation expenses Amortization of deferred contract acquisition and fulfillment costs Non-cash interest income, net ) ) Gain on foreign exchange ) ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Decrease in trade receivables Increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets and other assets, noncurrent ) ) Increase in deferred contract acquisition and fulfillment costs ) ) Increase (Decrease) in trade payables ) Increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities Decrease in employees and payroll accruals ) ) Increase (Decrease) in other liabilities, noncurrent ) Increase (Decrease) in deferred revenue ) Operating lease right-of-use assets and lease liabilities, net ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Cash flows from investing activities: Investment in available-for-sale marketable securities ) ) Proceeds from sales and maturities of available-for-sale marketable securities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Capitalized internal-use software ) Investment in restricted bank deposit ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Repayment of long-term loans ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Payment of debt issuance costs ) Repurchase of common stock ) Payments on account of repurchase of common stock ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the beginning of the period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at the end of the period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 10 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS U.S. dollars in thousands (unaudited) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Supplemental disclosure of non-cash activity: Purchase of property, equipment and internal-use software in credit Pending proceeds from option exercises Capitalized stock-based compensation cost Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information Cash paid for income taxes, net Cash paid for interest Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash to the consolidated balance sheet Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash included in other assets, noncurrent Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

12 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

13 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

 Professional services 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Enterprise, Education and Technology Media and Telecom Amount Percentage of revenue Amount Percentage of revenue Subscription Professional services 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Enterprise, Education and Technology Media and Telecom Amount Percentage of revenue Amount Percentage of revenue Subscription Professional services 
 14 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

 Professional services 
 The following tables summarize revenue by region based on the billing address of customers: 
 Europe, the Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") Other 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Amount Percentage of revenue Amount Percentage of revenue United States US Europe, the Middle East and Africa ("EMEA") Other 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Remaining performance obligations represent the amount of contracted future revenue that has not yet been recognized, including both deferred revenue and contracted amounts that will be invoiced and recognized as revenue in future periods. As of September 30, 2024, the aggregate amount of the transaction price allocated to remaining performance obligations was , which consists of both billed consideration in the amount of and unbilled consideration in the amount of that the Company expects to recognize as revenue but that was not yet recognized on the balance sheet. The Company expects to recognize of its remaining performance obligations as revenue over the next 12 months and the remainder thereafter. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

 Additions to deferred contract acquisition costs during the period Amortization of deferred contract acquisition costs ) ) ) ) Ending balance Deferred contract acquisition costs, current Deferred contract acquisition costs, noncurrent Total deferred costs to obtain a contract 
 Costs to Fulfill a Contract 
 Additions to deferred costs to fulfill a contract during the period Amortization of deferred costs to fulfill a contract ) ) ) ) Ending balance Deferred fulfillment costs, current Deferred fulfillment costs, noncurrent Total deferred costs to fulfill a contract 

) Agency bonds U.S. Treasury Commercial paper ) ) Available-for-sale matures after one year: Corporate bonds Agency bonds Total ) 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value Available-for-sale matures within one year: Corporate bonds U.S. Treasury Commercial paper ) Agency bonds ) ) Available-for-sale matures after one year: Corporate bonds U.S. Treasury Total ) 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did not record an allowance for credit losses for its available-for-sale marketable debt securities and all of the gross unrealized losses of the Company's marketable securities have been in a continuous loss position for less than 12 months. There were no gains or losses from available-for-sale marketable securities that were reclassified out of accumulated other comprehensive income during the periods presented. 
 16 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

Short-term marketable securities: Corporate bonds Level 2 U.S. Treasury Level 2 Commercial paper Level 2 Agency bonds Level 2 Long-term marketable securities: Corporate bonds Level 2 Agency bonds Level 2 Prepaid expenses and other current assets: Restricted bank deposits Level 2 Options and forward contracts designated as hedging instruments Level 2 Other assets, noncurrent: Restricted bank deposit Level 2 Liabilities: Derivative instruments liability included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities: Options and forward contracts designated as hedging instruments Level 2 
 17 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

 as of September 30, 2024 and as of December 31, 2023. The fair value of the Company s outstanding contracts amounted to a liability of as of September 30, 2024 and to an asset of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. These liabilities and assets were recorded under accrued expenses and other current liabilities and prepaid expenses and other current assets, respectively. Losses of and were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive losses during the three months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. Gains of and losses of were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive losses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. These losses and gains were reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss when the related expenses were incurred. 
 Effect of Foreign Currency Contracts on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 ) Research and development ) Sales and marketing ) General and administrative ) Restructuring Total ) 
 
 18 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

 Short-term lease cost Variable lease cost Total 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the weighted-average discount rate is and the weighted-average remaining term is approximately years. Maturities of the Company s operating lease liabilities as of September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 2030 and thereafter Total operating lease payments Less: imputed interest Total operating lease liabilities 
 19 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

2025 2026 Total purchase commitment 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company has accelerated expenses in the amount of related to its minimum commitment with one of its cloud hosting service due to the Company's decision not to utilize the provider's cloud service. Such expenses were recorded under general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Litigation 
 The Company is occasionally a party to claims or litigation in the normal course of the business. The Company does not believe that it is a party to any pending legal proceeding that is likely to have a material adverse effect on its business, financial condition, or results of operations. 

Restricted bank deposits Derivative instrument Other current assets 
 
 20 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

 Office furniture and equipment Leasehold improvements Finance leases of computers and peripheral equipment Internal use software Accumulated depreciation ) ) Depreciated cost 
 
 Depreciation expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were , , and , respectively. 
 
 Severance pay fund Restricted deposit Other 
 
 Accrued taxes Derivative instruments Other current liabilities 
 21 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

 Customer relationship Accumulated amortization and impairments: Technology ) ) Customer relationship ) ) ) ) Intangible assets, net 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded amortization expenses in the amount of , , and , respectively, included in cost of revenue and sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 2025 2026 2027 
 
 22 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

 , , and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The tax expense for these periods was primarily attributable to pre-tax foreign earnings. The Company s effective tax rates of ) , ) , ) and ) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, differ from the U.S. statutory tax rate primarily due to U.S. losses for which there is no benefit and the tax rate differences between the U.S. and foreign countries. 
 The Company has a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets. Deferred tax liability is from indefinite life goodwill intangibles. Management currently believes that it is more likely than not that the deferred tax regarding the tax loss carry forwards and other temporary differences will not be realized in the foreseeable future in the U.S. 
 
 Total loss attributable to common stockholders Denominator: Weighted-average shares used in computing net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders, basic and diluted 

23 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

Gross profit Operating expenses Financial income, net ) Provision for income taxes Net loss 
 
 24 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

 Gross profit Operating expenses Financial income, net ) Provision for income taxes Net loss 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Enterprise, Education and Technology Media and Telecom Total Revenue Gross profit Operating expenses Financial income, net ) Provision for income taxes Net loss 
 
 25 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

 Gross profit Operating expenses Financial income, net ) Provision for income taxes Net loss 
 
 Geographical information 
 See Note 3 for disaggregated revenue by geographic region. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

 (the Term Loan Facility and a new senior secured revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of (the Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the Credit Facilities ), which subsequently has been amended according to the Company's needs and other developments. 
 In May 2023, the Company entered into an amendment (the "Fourth Amendment") to the then-existing Credit Agreement to replace the London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR with the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR as the benchmark rate under the Credit Agreement. Prior to the Fourth Amendment, borrowings under the Credit Agreement would bear interest, at the Company's election, at (a) the Eurodollar Rate (as defined in the Credit Agreement as in effect prior to the Fourth Amendment) plus a margin of or (b) Alternative Base Rate ABR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus a margin of . 
 In December 2023, the Company entered into a new amendment to the then-existing Credit Agreement (the Fifth Amendment ), which provides for a new term loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of , while the commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility decreased to . 
 In July 2024, the Company entered into a new amendment to the then-existing Credit Agreement in connection with our Repurchase Program (as defined below), which updated the aggregate amount of permitted Restricted Payments (as defined in the Credit Agreement; which term includes, among others, repurchase of the Company s outstanding common stock) and conditions for making such payments (see Note 15 for further information). 
 Following the effectiveness of the Fifth Amendment, borrowings under the Credit Facilities are subject to interest, determined as follows: (a) SOFR loans accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to Term SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus per annum plus a margin of (the Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) is subject to a floor), and (b) ABR loans accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to the ABR plus a margin of (ABR is equal to the highest of (i) the prime rate and (ii) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus , subject to a floor). As of September 30, 2024, the current rate of interest under the Credit Facilities was equal to a rate per annum of , consisting of (the 3-month SOFR rate as of September 30, 2024), credit spread adjustment and the margin of . 
 The Term Loan Facility is payable in consecutive installments on the last day of each fiscal quarter in an amount equal to (i) for installments payable on December 31, 2023 (deferred to January 9, 2024) through September 30, 2024, (ii) for installments payable on December 31, 2024 through September 30, 2025, and (iii) for installments payable on and after December 31, 2025. The remaining unpaid balance on the Term Loan Facility is due and payable on December 21, 2026, together with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to, but excluding, the payment date. Amounts outstanding under the Credit Facilities may be voluntarily prepaid at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty. 
 
 Under the terms of the Credit Facilities, the Company is obligated to maintain compliance with certain covenants as defined therein. As of September 30, 2024, the Company met these covenants. 
 2025 2026 
 The carrying amounts of the loans approximate their fair value. 
 27 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

 shares pursuant to the terms of the 2021 Plan. 
 Stock Options 

Granted 
 
 Exercised 
 
 ) Forfeited 
 
 ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 

Exercisable options at end of the period 

RSUs 
 RSUs granted 
 
 RSUs vested 
 
 ) RSUs forfeited 
 
 ) Unvested and Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 

28 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

 Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total expenses 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were of total unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested stock-based compensation arrangements granted under the Company's equity incentive plans. These costs are expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of 1.67 years. 
 Shares Reserved for Future Issuance 
 Outstanding RSUs Shares reserved under 2021 Plan Total 
 Stock Repurchase Program 
 On June 11, 2024, the Company s board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program of the Company s outstanding common stock for up to of the Company s common stock (the "Repurchase Program"). Under the Repurchase Program, the Company may make repurchases, from time to time, through open market purchases, block trades, in privately negotiated transactions, accelerated stock repurchase transactions, or by other means. The Company may also, from time to time, enter into Rule 10b5-1 plans to facilitate repurchases under this authorization. The volume, timing, and manner of any repurchases will be determined at the Company s discretion, subject to general market conditions, as well as the Company s management of capital, general business conditions, other investment opportunities, regulatory requirements and other factors. The Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any specific amount of common stock, has no time limit, and may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time without notice at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased shares of common stock at an average price of per share (excluding broker and transaction fees of ). As of September 30, 2024, the Company had remaining authorization under the Repurchase Program to repurchase common stock up to an aggregate amount of , subject to satisfying required conditions under the Companies Law and Companies Regulations. 
 29 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) 

 Foreign currency translation adjustments, net Financial expenses: Bank fees Interest expense Other Financial income, net ) ) ) ) 

Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Net realized gains reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 The following table summarizes the changes in accumulated other comprehensive loss (income) by component, net of tax, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 30 

Table of Contents KALTURA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS U.S. dollars in thousands (except share and per share data) (unaudited) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) Net realized losses reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on February 22, 2024 (the "2023 10-K"). This discussion contains forward-looking statements based upon current plans, expectations and beliefs involving risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of our 2023 10-K and elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Overview 
 Our mission is to power any video experience, for any organization. Our Video Experience Cloud powers live, real-time, and on-demand video for webinars, events, virtual classrooms, and video sites. We also offer robust Application Programming Interfaces ("APIs") and industry solutions predominantly for education and media and telecom. Our Video Experience Cloud is used by leading brands across all industries, reaching millions of users, at home, at school and at work, for communication, collaboration, marketing, sales, customer care, learning, and entertainment experiences. With our flexible offerings, customers can experience the benefits of video across a wide range of use cases, while customizing their deployments to meet their individual, dynamic needs. 
 Our business was founded in 2006. 
 We generate revenue primarily through the sale of Software-as-a-Service SaaS and Platform-as-a-Service PaaS subscriptions, and additional revenue from term license subscriptions. We also generate revenue through the sale of professional services associated with the implementation of deployments for new and existing customers. 
 We organize our business into two reporting segments: (i) Enterprise, Education, and Technology EE T and (ii) Media and Telecom M T ). These segments share a common underlying platform consisting of our API-based architecture, as well as unified product development, operations, and administrative resources. 
 Enterprise, Education Technology : Includes revenue from all of our products, industry solutions for education customers, and Media Services (except for Media and Telecom customers), as well as associated professional services for those offerings. Subscription revenues are primarily generated on a per full-time equivalent basis for on-demand and live products and solutions, per host basis for real-time-conferencing products and solutions, and per participant basis for Events product (which intersects on-demand, live, and real-time-conferencing video). Contracts are generally 12 to 24 months in length. Billing is primarily done on an annual basis. 
 Media Telecom : Includes revenue from our TV Solution and Media Services for media and telecom customers, as well as associated professional services for those offerings. Revenues are generated on a per end-subscriber basis for telecom customers, and on a per video play basis for media customers. Contracts are generally two to five years in length. Billing is generally done on a quarterly or annual basis. It generally takes from six to twelve months to implement M T offerings. The upfront resources required for implementation of our Media Telecom solutions generally exceed those of our other offerings, resulting in a longer period from initial booking to go-live and a higher proportion of professional services revenue as a percentage of overall revenue. Additionally, a higher proportion of revenue comes from customers who choose to license our offerings through private cloud and on-premise deployments, which also impacts our gross margin. 
 
 Reflected below is a summary of reportable segment revenue and reportable segment gross profit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Revenue Enterprise, Education Technology 32,341 31,095 95,746 93,583 Media Telecom 11,954 12,447 37,362 37,111 Total Revenue 44,295 43,542 133,108 130,694 Gross Profit Enterprise, Education Technology 24,539 22,762 71,026 68,625 Media Telecom 5,002 4,937 15,799 14,962 Total Gross Profit 29,541 27,699 86,825 83,587 
 
 We employ a "land and expand strategy" with the aim of having our customers increase their usage of our offerings and/or purchase additional offerings over time. Our Net Dollar Retention Rate (as defined below) measures our success in retaining and growing recurring revenue from our existing customers over a given period. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our Net Dollar Retention Rate was 101 and 101 , respectively. We grew our Annualized Recurring Revenue (as defined below) by 4 in three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to three months ended September 30, 2023, demonstrating our ability to land new customers with higher spending levels and increase revenue from our existing customers. 
 For any given year, a large majority of our revenue comes from existing customers, with whom we are in active dialogue and tend to have visibility into their expected usage of our offerings. 
 We focus our selling efforts on large organizations and sell our solutions primarily through direct sales teams and account teams. In addition, we are continuing to expand our ability to serve smaller customers with our self-serve offerings, as well as focusing on inside sales for the SMB segment. 
 
 Key Factors Affecting Our Performance 
 Expansion of our Platform 
 We believe our platform is ideally suited for expansion across solutions, industries, and use cases. For example, in 2020, we entered the real-time conferencing market with the introduction of our Virtual and Hybrid Events, Webinars, and Online Learning products, focusing on learning, training, events, and marketing. Since then, we expanded the capabilities of our Virtual Hybrid Events product to support a broader range of event types and use cases, fitted them to also address low-touch and self-serve sales and introduced a set of GenAI powered capabilities that increase the productivity in creating content and setting up events and also foster user engagement. We believe these products present a significant long-term opportunity, and we intend to harness our growing presence with them. Additionally, we will continue to invest in new video products for training, communication and collaboration, sales, marketing, and customer care, as we extend our platform into more industries. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Acquiring New Customers 
 We are focused on continuing to grow the number of customers that use our solutions. Our focus remains on bringing in new customers from enterprise accounts, as well as expanding our small and medium enterprise ("SME") offerings that can be sold by inside-sales teams. We also continue to provide our self-serve offering that can be purchased completely online, which also serves as a demand generation engine for our low-touch and enterprise offerings. We believe this will enable us to efficiently acquire smaller customers across all industries over time expanding beyond enterprises into SMEs, beyond universities into K-12 schools, beyond tier 1 media and telecom companies to tier 2 and 3 media and telecom companies, and beyond providing Media Services to large technology companies to also addressing smaller technology firms and startups. 
 Increasing Revenue from Existing Customers 
 We are focused on increasing sales within our existing customer base through increased usage of our platform and the cross-selling of additional products and solutions. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our Net Dollar Retention Rate was 101 . In order for us to increase revenue within our customer base, we will need to maintain engineering-level customer support and continue to introduce new products and features as well as innovative new use cases that are tailored to our customers' needs. 
 Continued Investment in Growth 
 Although we have invested significantly in our business to date, we believe that we still have a significant market opportunity ahead of us. We intend to continue to make investments to support the growth and expansion of our business and to increase revenue. We believe there is a significant opportunity to continue our growth. We expect that our cost of revenue and operating expenses will fluctuate over time. 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Key Financial and Operating Metrics 
 We measure our business using both financial and operating metrics. We use these metrics to assess the progress of our business, make decisions on where to allocate capital, time, and technology investments, and assess the near-term and long-term performance of our business. The key financial and operating metrics we use are: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands, except percentages) Annualized Recurring Revenue 168,879 163,069 Net Dollar Retention Rate 101 101 Remaining Performance Obligations 187,846 163,995 
 Annualized Recurring Revenue 
 We use Annualized Recurring Revenue ("ARR") as a measure of our revenue trend and an indicator of our future revenue opportunity from existing recurring customer contracts. We calculate ARR by annualizing our recurring revenue for the most recently completed fiscal quarter. Recurring revenues are generated from SaaS and PaaS subscriptions, as well as term licenses for software installed on the customer s premises On-Prem ). For the SaaS and PaaS components, we calculate ARR by annualizing the actual recurring revenue recognized for the latest fiscal quarter. For the On-Prem components for which revenue recognition is not ratable across the license term, we calculate ARR for each contract by dividing the total contract value (excluding professional services) as of the last day of the specified period by the number of days in the contract term and then multiplying by 365. Recurring revenue excludes revenue from one-time professional services and setup fees. ARR is not adjusted for the impact of any known or projected future customer cancellations, upgrades or downgrades, or price increases or decreases. 
 The amount of actual revenue that we recognize over any 12-month period is likely to differ from ARR at the beginning of that period, sometimes significantly. This may occur due to new bookings, cancellations, upgrades or downgrades, pending renewals, professional services revenue, foreign exchange rate fluctuations and acquisitions or divestitures. ARR should be viewed independently of revenue as it is an operating metric and is not intended to be a replacement or forecast of revenue. Our calculation of ARR may differ from similarly titled metrics presented by other companies. 
 Net Dollar Retention Rate 
 Our Net Dollar Retention Rate, which we use to measure our success in retaining and growing recurring revenue from our existing customers, compares our recognized recurring revenue from a set of customers across comparable periods. We calculate our Net Dollar Retention Rate for a given period as the recognized recurring revenue from the latest reported fiscal quarter from the set of customers whose revenue existed in the reported fiscal quarter from the prior year (the numerator), divided by recognized recurring revenue from such customers for the same fiscal quarter in the prior year (denominator). For annual periods, we report Net Dollar Retention Rate as the arithmetic average of the Net Dollar Retention Rate for all fiscal quarters included in the period. 
 We consider subdivisions of the same legal entity (for example, divisions of a parent company or separate campuses that are part of the same state university system) as well as Value-add Resellers VARs (meaning resellers that directly manage the relationship with the customer) and the customers they manage, to be a single customer for purposes of calculating our Net Dollar Retention Rate. Our calculation of Net Dollar Retention Rate for any fiscal period includes the positive recognized recurring revenue impacts of selling new services to existing customers and the negative recognized recurring revenue impacts of contraction and attrition among this set of customers. Our Net Dollar Retention Rate may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, including the growing level of our revenue base, the level of penetration within our customer base, expansion of products and features, and our ability to retain our customers. Our calculation of Net Dollar Retention Rate may differ from similarly titled metrics presented by other companies. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 Remaining Performance Obligations represents the amount of contracted future revenue that has not yet been delivered, including both subscription and professional services revenues. Remaining Performance Obligations consists of both deferred revenue and contracted non-cancelable amounts that will be invoiced and recognized in future periods. As of September 30, 2024, our Remaining Performance Obligations was 187.8 million, which consists of both billed consideration in the amount of 63.3 million and unbilled consideration in the amount of 124.6 million that we expect to invoice and recognize in future periods. 
 We expect to recognize 59 of our Remaining Performance Obligations as revenue over the next 12 months and the remainder thereafter, in each case, in accordance with our revenue recognition policy. 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to our results determined in accordance with GAAP, we believe that EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, non-GAAP financial measures, are useful in evaluating the performance of our business. 
 We define EBITDA as net profit (loss) before financial expenses (income), net, provision for income taxes and depreciation and amortization expenses. Adjusted EBITDA is defined as EBITDA (as defined above), adjusted for the impact of certain non-cash and other items that we believe are not indicative of our core operating performance, such as non-cash stock-based compensation expenses, facility exit and transition costs, restructuring charges and other non-recurring operating expenses 
 EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are supplemental measure of our performance, are not defined by or presented in accordance with GAAP, and should not be considered in isolation or as an alternative to net profit (loss) or any other performance measure prepared in accordance with GAAP. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA are presented because we believe that they provide useful supplemental information to investors and analysts regarding our operating performance and are frequently used by these parties in evaluating companies in our industry. By presenting EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, we provide a basis for comparison of our business operations between periods by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. We believe that investors understanding of our performance is enhanced by including these non-GAAP financial measures as a reasonable basis for comparing our ongoing results of operations. Additionally, our management uses Adjusted EBITDA as a supplemental measure of our performance because it assists us in comparing the operating performance of our business on a consistent basis between periods, as described above. 
 Although we use EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, as described above, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA, have significant limitations as analytical tools. Some of these limitations include: 
 such measures do not reflect our cash expenditures, or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 such measures do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 such measures do not reflect the interest expense, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt; 
 such measures do not reflect our tax expense or the cash requirements to pay our taxes; 
 although depreciation and amortization expense and non-cash stock-based compensation expense are non-cash charges, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future and such measures do not reflect any cash requirements for such replacements; and 
 other companies in our industry may calculate such measures differently than we do, thereby further limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Due to these limitations, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA should not be considered as measures of discretionary cash available to us to invest in the growth of our business. We compensate for these limitations by relying primarily on our GAAP results and using these non-GAAP measures only supplementally. Adjusted EBITDA includes an adjustment for non-cash stock-based compensation expenses. It is reasonable to expect that this item will occur in future periods. However, we believe this adjustment is appropriate because the amount recognized can vary significantly from period to period, does not directly relate to the ongoing operations of our business, and complicates comparisons of our internal operating results between periods and with the operating results of other companies over time. Each of the normal recurring adjustments and other adjustments described above help to provide management with a measure of our core operating performance over time by removing items that are not related to day-to-day operations. Nevertheless, because of the limitations described above, management does not view EBITDA, or Adjusted EBITDA in isolation and also uses other measures, such as revenue, operating loss, and net loss, to measure operating performance. 
 The following table reconciles EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA to the most directly comparable GAAP financial performance measure, which is net loss: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net loss (3,610) (10,726) (24,710) (34,299) Financial income, net (a) 
 (2,160) (95) (1,672) (3,047) Provision for income taxes 1,304 2,507 6,076 7,510 Depreciation and amortization 1,254 1,248 3,834 3,409 EBITDA (3,212) (7,066) (16,472) (26,427) Non-cash stock-based compensation expense 5,635 7,370 21,065 21,956 Facility exit and transition costs (b) 
 154 Restructuring (c) 
 5 973 War related costs (d) 
 22 Adjusted EBITDA 2,423 309 4,615 (3,344) 
 
 (a) The three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, include 725, 789, 2,131 and 2,400 respectively, of interest expenses. 
 (b) Facility exit and transition costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, include losses from sale of fixed assets and other costs associated with moving to our temporary office in Israel. 
 (c) The three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 include one-time employee termination benefits incurred in connection with the 2023 Reorganization Plan and the 2022 Restructuring Plan. 
 (d) The nine months ended September 30, 2024 include costs related to conflicts in Israel, attributable to temporary relocation of key employees from Israel for business continuity purposes, purchase of emergency equipment for key employees for business continuity purposes, and charitable donation to communities directly impacted by the war. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Components of Our Results of Operations 
 
 Revenue 
 Subscriptions 
 Our revenues are mainly comprised of revenue from SaaS and PaaS subscriptions. SaaS and PaaS subscriptions provide access to our Video Experience Cloud which powers all types of video experiences: live, real-time, and on-demand video. We provide access to our platform either as a cloud-based service, which represent most of our SaaS and PaaS subscriptions, or, less commonly, as a term license to software installed on the customer's premises. Revenue from SaaS and PaaS subscriptions is recognized ratably over the time of the subscription, beginning from the date on which the customer is granted access to our Video Experience Cloud. Revenue from the sale of a term license is recognized at a point in time in which the license is delivered to the customer. Revenue from post-contract services ("PCS") included in On-Prem deals is recognized ratably over the period of the PCS. 
 Professional Services 
 Our revenue also includes professional services, which consist of consulting, integration and customization services, technical solution services and training related to our video experience. In some of our arrangements, professional services are accounted for as a separate performance obligation, and revenue is recognized upon rendering of the service. 
 In some of our SaaS and PaaS subscriptions, we determined that the professional services are solely set up activities that do not transfer goods or services to the customer and therefore are not accounted for as a separate performance obligation and are recognized ratably over the time of the subscription. 
 
 Cost of Revenue 
 Cost of subscription revenue consists primarily of employee-related costs including payroll, benefits and stock-based compensation expense for operations and customer support teams, costs of cloud hosting providers and other third-party service providers, amortization of capitalized software development costs and acquired technology and allocated overhead costs. 
 Cost of professional services consists primarily of personnel costs of our professional services organization, including payroll, benefits, and stock-based compensation expense, allocated overhead costs and other third-party service providers. 
 The costs associated with providing professional services are significantly higher as a percentage of related revenue than the costs associated with delivering our subscriptions due to the labor costs of providing professional services. As such, the implementation and professional services costs relating to an arrangement with a new customer are more significant than the costs to renew an existing customer s license and support arrangement. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our cost of revenue was 14,754, 15,843, 46,283 and 47,107, respectively. 
 Gross Margins 
 Gross margins have been, and will continue to be, affected by a variety of factors, including the average sales price of our products and services, volume growth, the mix of revenue between SaaS and PaaS subscriptions, software licenses, maintenance and support and professional services, onboarding of new media and telecom customers, hosting of major virtual events and changes in cloud infrastructure and personnel costs. 
 In particular, the gross margins in our M T segment have been negatively impacted due to the resources required for implementation of our TV Solution and Media Services for TV experiences, which generally exceed those of our other offerings, resulting in a longer period from initial booking to go-live and a higher proportion of professional services revenue as a percentage of overall revenue. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Additionally, a higher proportion of revenue comes from customers who choose to license our offerings through private cloud and on-premise deployments, which also impacts our gross margin. In the long-term, we expect the margins for this segment to improve due to the following: expected increase in the ratio of subscription revenue to professional services with scale, improved efficiencies of both production and professional services costs, and an increase in the proportion of revenues from media customers, which generally entail simpler deployments compared to telecom customers. However, in the near and medium term, our gross margins in our M T segment are expected to vary from period to period based on the onboarding of new customers, as well as the timing and aggregate usage of our solutions by such customers. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, gross margins improved slightly overall, driven by strong subscription performance, particularly in the EE T segment. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our gross margins were 67 (75 for subscriptions and (95) for professional services) and 64 (73 for subscriptions and (80) for professional services), respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our gross margins were 65 (74 for subscriptions and (54) for professional services) and 64 (73 for subscriptions and (60) for professional services), respectively. 
 For our EE T segment, gross margins for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, were 76 (82 for subscription and (154) for professional services), and 73 (79 for subscription and (105) for professional services), respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our gross margins were 74 (81 for subscriptions and (78) for professional services) and 73 (79 for subscriptions and (73) for professional services), respectively. 
 For our M T segment, gross margins for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were 42 (55 for subscriptions and (59) for professional services) and 40 (55 for subscriptions and (63) for professional services), respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our gross margins were 42 (54 for subscription and (35) for professional services) and 40 (56 for subscription and (52) for professional services), respectively. 
 Research and Development 
 Our research and development expenses consist primarily of costs incurred for personnel-related expenses for our technical staff, including salaries and other direct personnel-related costs. Additional expenses include consulting and professional fees for third-party development resources and software subscriptions. We expect our research and development expenses generally to remain constant as a percentage of revenue for the near and medium-term, as we continue to dedicate substantial resources to develop, improve, and expand the functionality of our solutions. Subsequent costs incurred for the development of future upgrades and enhancements, which are expected to result in additional functionality, may qualify for capitalization under internal-use software and therefore may cause research and development expenses to fluctuate. 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses 
 Our sales and marketing expenses consist primarily of personnel related costs for our sales and marketing functions, including salaries and other direct personnel-related costs, such as sales commissions. Additional expenses include marketing program costs and amortization of acquired customer relationships intangible assets. We expect our sales and marketing expenses to be relatively stable on an absolute dollar basis. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 Our general and administrative expenses consist primarily of personnel-related costs for our executive, finance, human resources, information technology, and legal functions, including salaries and other direct personnel-related costs. We expect our general and administrative expenses to be relatively stable both on an absolute dollar basis and as a percentage of revenue for the near and medium-term. 
 We allocate overhead costs such as rent, utilities, and supplies to all departments based on relative headcount to each operating expense category. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Financial Income, Net 
 Financial income, net consists of interest expense accrued or paid on our indebtedness, net of interest income earned on our cash balances and marketable securities. Financial income, net also includes foreign exchange gains and losses and bank fees. 
 We expect interest expenses to vary each reporting period depending on the amount of outstanding indebtedness and prevailing interest rates. 
 We expect interest income will vary in each reporting period depending on our average cash and marketable securities balances during the period and applicable interest rates. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 We are subject to taxes in the United States as well as other tax jurisdictions or countries in which we conduct business. Earnings from our non-U.S. activities are subject to local country income tax and may be subject to current U.S. income tax. Due to cumulative losses, we maintain a valuation allowance against our deferred tax assets. We consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, in assessing the extent to which a valuation allowance should be applied against our deferred tax assets. Realization of our U.S. deferred tax assets depends upon future earnings, the timing and amount of which are uncertain. Our effective tax rate is affected by tax rates in foreign jurisdictions and the relative amounts of income we earn in those jurisdictions, as well as non-deductible expenses, such as share-based compensation, and changes in our valuation allowance. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 The following tables summarize key components of our results of operations for the periods presented. The period-to-period comparisons of our historical results are not necessarily indicative of the results that may be expected in the future. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Period-over-Period Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Period-over-Period Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percentage 2024 2023 Dollar Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) (in thousands, except percentages) Revenue: Enterprise, Education Technology 32,341 31,095 1,246 4 95,746 93,583 2,163 2 Media Telecom 11,954 12,447 (493) (4) 37,362 37,111 251 1 Total revenue 44,295 43,542 753 2 133,108 130,694 2,414 2 Cost of revenue 14,754 15,843 (1,089) (7) 46,283 47,107 (824) (2) Total gross profit 29,541 27,699 1,842 7 86,825 83,587 3,238 4 Operating expenses: Research and development expenses 12,427 12,558 (131) (1) 36,460 39,663 (3,203) (8) Sales and marketing expenses 11,830 11,683 147 1 35,421 36,489 (1,068) (3) General and administrative expenses 9,750 11,767 (2,017) (17) 35,250 36,298 (1,048) (3) Restructuring 5 (5) NM 973 (973) NM Total operating expenses 34,007 36,013 (2,006) (6) 107,131 113,423 (6,292) (6) Loss from operations 4,466 8,314 (3,848) (46) 20,306 29,836 (9,530) (32) Financial income, net (2,160) (95) (2,065) 2174 (1,672) (3,047) 1,375 (45) Loss before provision for income taxes 2,306 8,219 (5,913) (72) 18,634 26,789 (8,155) (30) Provision for income taxes 1,304 2,507 (1,203) (48) 6,076 7,510 (1,434) (19) Net loss 3,610 10,726 (7,116) (66) 24,710 34,299 (9,589) (28) 
 
 Segments 
 We manage and report operating results through two reportable segments. 
 Enterprise, Education Technology (73 and 71 of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 72 for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023): Our EE T segment represents revenues from all of our products, industry solutions for education customers, and Media Services (except for M T customers), as well as associated professional services for those offerings. 
 Media Telecom (27 and 29 of revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 28 for each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023): Our M T segment primarily represents revenues from our TV Solution and Media Services sold to media and telecom customers. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Enterprise, Education Technology 
 
 The following table presents our EE T segment revenue and gross profit (loss) for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Period-over-Period Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) Enterprise, Education Technology revenue: Subscription revenue 31,495 30,043 1,452 5 Professional services revenue 846 1,052 (206) (20) Total Enterprise, Education Technology revenue 32,341 31,095 1,246 4 Enterprise, Education Technology gross profit (loss): Subscription gross profit 25,841 23,866 1,975 8 Professional services gross loss (1,302) (1,104) (198) 18 Total Enterprise, Education Technology gross profit 24,539 22,762 1,777 8 
 
 Enterprise, Education Technology Revenue 
 Total EE T revenue increased by 1.2 million, or 4 , to 32.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 31.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is mainly attributable to a 1.0 million increase in revenue generated from new customers, and 0.2 million increase in revenue from existing customers. 
 EE T subscription revenue increased by 1.5 million, or 5 , to 31.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 30.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 EE T professional services revenue decreased by 0.2 million, or 20 , to 0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Enterprise, Education Technology Gross Profit 
 EE T gross profit increased by 1.8 million, or 8 , to 24.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 22.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was mainly due to a 1.2 million increase in revenue and reduction in production costs, which is a result of improved efficiency. 
 EE T subscription gross profit increased by 2.0 million, or 8 , to 25.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 23.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 EE T professional services gross loss increased by 0.2 million, or 18 , to a gross loss of 1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from a gross loss of 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The Increase was primarily due to a reduction in professional services revenue. 

42 

Table of Contents 

Media Telecom 
 
 The following table presents our M T segment revenue and gross profit for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Period-over-Period Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) Media Telecom revenue: Subscription revenue 10,590 10,804 (214) (2) Professional services revenue 1,364 1,643 (279) (17) Total Media Telecom revenue 11,954 12,447 (493) (4) Media Telecom gross profit: Subscription gross profit 5,807 5,977 (170) (3) Professional services gross loss (805) (1,040) 235 23 Total Media Telecom gross profit 5,002 4,937 65 1 
 
 Media Telecom Revenue 
 M T revenue decreased by 0.5 million, or 4 , to 12.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 12.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is mainly attributable to a 0.5 million decrease in revenue from existing customers. 
 M T subscription revenue decreased by 0.2 million, or 2 , to 10.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 10.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 M T professional services revenue decreased by 0.3 million, or 17 , to 1.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 1.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Media Telecom Gross Profit 
 M T gross profit increased by 0.1 million, or 1 , to 5.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 4.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 M T subscription gross profit decreased by 0.2 million, or 3 , to 5.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 6.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 M T professional services gross loss decreased by 0.2 million, or 23 , to a gross loss of 0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from a gross loss of 1.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Period-over-Period Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) Employee compensation 8,650 8,440 210 2 Subcontractors and consultants 1,753 1,832 (79) -4 IT related 1,194 1,406 (212) -15 Other 830 880 (50) -6 Total research and development expenses 12,427 12,558 (131) -1 
 Research and development expenses decreased by 0.1 million, or 1 , to 12.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 12.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is primarily due to lower IT related expenses. 
 Sales and Marketing expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Period-over-Period Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) Employee compensation commission 9,729 9,380 349 4 Marketing expenses 832 947 (115) (12) Travel and entertainment 246 391 (145) (37) Other 1,023 965 58 6 Total sales and marketing expenses 11,830 11,683 147 1 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased by 0.1 million, or 1 , to 11.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 11.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 0.3 million increase in compensation, offset by a 0.1 million decrease in marketing related expenses mainly due to more efficient advertising expense management and lower travel expenses. 
 General and Administrative expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Period-over-Period Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) Employee compensation 6,876 8,677 (1,801) (21) Professional fees and insurance 1,115 980 135 14 Subcontractors and consultants 337 225 112 50 Travel and entertainment 195 222 (27) (12) Other 1,227 1,663 (436) (26) Total general and administrative expenses 9,750 11,767 (2,017) (17) 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expenses decreased by 2.0 million, or 17 , to 9.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 11.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a 1.8 million decrease in compensation costs. The majority of this decrease is attributed to lower stock-based compensation expenses related to the cancellation of market-based equity awards previously granted to the Chief Executive Officer. These expenses were recognized for the three months ended September 30, 2023, but were accelerated in the three months ended June 30, 2024. Additionally, the decrease is also due to lower compensation costs as a result of Executive departures in the first quarter of 2024. 
 Financial Income, net 
 Financial Income, net increased by 2.1 million, to 2.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to 1.7 million related to exchange rate differences, along with an additional 0.2 million interest income associated with our investments. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes decreased by 1.2 million, or 48 , to 1.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 2.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to decreased tax liability related to income generated by our subsidiaries organized under the laws of Israel and UK. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Enterprise, Education Technology 
 
 The following table presents our EE T segment revenue and gross profit (loss) for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Period-over-Period Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) Enterprise, Education Technology revenue: Subscription revenue 91,920 90,175 1,745 2 Professional services revenue 3,826 3,408 418 12 Total Enterprise, Education Technology revenue 95,746 93,583 2,163 2 Enterprise, Education Technology gross profit: Subscription gross profit 74,001 71,105 2,896 4 Professional services gross profit (loss) (2,975) (2,480) (495) 20 Total Enterprise, Education Technology gross profit 71,026 68,625 2,401 3 
 
 Enterprise, Education Technology Revenue 
 Total EE T revenue increased by 2.2 million, or 2 , to 95.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 93.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is mainly attributable to a 2.5 million increase in revenue from new customers partially offset by a 0.3 million decrease in revenue from existing customers. 
 EE T subscription revenue increased by 1.7 million, or 2 , to 91.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 90.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 EE T professional services revenue increased by 0.4 million, or 12 , to 3.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 3.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Enterprise, Education Technology Gross Profit 
 EE T gross profit increased by 2.4 million, or 3 , to 71.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 68.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was mainly due to a 2.2 million increase in revenue. 
 EE T subscription gross profit increased by 2.9 million, or 4 , to 74.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 71.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 EE T professional services gross loss increased by 0.5 million, or 20 , to a gross loss of 3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from a gross loss of 2.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Media Telecom 
 
 The following table presents our M T segment revenue and gross profit for the periods indicated: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Period-over-Period Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) Media Telecom revenue: Subscription revenue 32,347 31,787 560 2 Professional services revenue 5,015 5,324 (309) (6) Total Media Telecom revenue 37,362 37,111 251 1 Media Telecom gross profit: Subscription gross profit 17,567 17,751 (184) (1) Professional services gross loss (1,768) (2,789) 1,021 37 Total Media Telecom gross profit 15,799 14,962 837 6 

Media Telecom Revenue 
 M T revenue increased by 0.3 million, or 1 , to 37.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 37.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is mainly attributable to revenue from existing customers. 
 M T subscription revenue increased by 0.6 million, or 2 , to 32.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 31.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 M T professional services revenue decreased by 0.3 million, or 6 , to 5.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 5.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Media Telecom Gross Profit 
 M T gross profit increased by 0.8 million, or 6 , to 15.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 15.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was mainly due to increase in revenue and improved operational efficiencies. 
 M T subscription gross profit decreased by 0.2 million, or 1 , to 17.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 17.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 M T professional services gross loss decreased by 1.0 million, or 37 , to 1.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 2.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Operating Expenses 
 Research and Development expenses 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Period-over-Period Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) Employee compensation 25,205 27,791 (2,586) (9) Subcontractors and consultants 5,211 4,815 396 8 IT related 3,703 4,519 (816) (18) Other 2,341 2,538 (197) (8) Total research and development expenses 36,460 39,663 (3,203) (8) 
 Research and development expenses decreased by 3.2 million, or 8 , to 36.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 39.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a 2.6 million decrease in compensation expenses, which mainly related to lower headcount and to a 0.8 million decrease in IT related expenses. 
 Sales and Marketing e x penses 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Period-over-Period Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) Employee compensation commission 28,818 29,515 (697) (2) Marketing expenses 2,570 3,007 (437) (15) Travel and entertainment 818 1,226 (408) (33) Other 3,215 2,741 474 17 Total sales and marketing expenses 35,421 36,489 (1,068) (3) 
 Sales and marketing expenses decreased by 1.1 million, or 3 , to 35.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 36.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a 0.7 million decrease in compensation which mainly related to lower headcount, and a 0.4 million decrease in marketing related expenses. 
 General and Administrative expenses 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Period-over-Period Change 2024 2023 Dollar Percentage (in thousands, except percentages) Employee compensation 25,217 26,590 (1,373) (5) Professional fees and insurance 3,249 3,558 (309) (9) Subcontractors and consultants 918 847 71 8 Travel and entertainment 590 649 (59) (9) Unused cloud hosting commitment expense 1,312 1,312 NM Other 3,964 4,654 (690) (15) Total general and administrative expenses 35,250 36,298 (1,048) (3) 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 General and administrative expenses decreased by 1.0 million, or 3 , to 35.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 36.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a 1.4 million decrease in compensation costs related mainly to cancellation of market based equity awards previously granted to the Chief Executive Officer and Executive departures in the firs quarter of 2024. a 0.3 million decrease in professional fees and insurance mainly due to lower insurance costs and a 0.7 million decrease in other expenses related mainly to welfare and training expenses, partially offset by 1.3 million unused one-time expense associated with terminating commitments with a cloud hosting service provider. 
 Financial Income, net 
 Financial income, net decreased by 1.4 million to 1.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease of 2.8 million related to exchange rate differences partially offset by 0.9 million of higher interest income associated with our investments. 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes decreased by 1.4 million, or 19 , to 6.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 7.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to decreased tax liability related to income generated by our subsidiaries organized under the laws of Israel and UK. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Overview 
 Since our inception, we have financed our operations primarily through net cash provided by operating activities, equity issuances, and borrowings under our long-term debt arrangements. Our primary requirements for liquidity and capital are to finance working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. Our principal sources of liquidity are expected to be our cash on hand and borrowings available under our Revolving Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024, we had no balance outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and the total revolving commitment of 25.0 million is available for future borrowings. 
 We believe that our net cash provided by operating activities, cash on hand, and availability under our Revolving Credit Facility will be adequate to meet our operating, investing, and financing needs for at least the next 12 months. Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including our revenue growth, the timing and extent of investments to support such growth, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, increases in general and administrative costs and many other factors as described under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2023 10-K, and Key Factors Affecting Our Performance. above. In addition, our cash and cash equivalents are maintained at financial institutions in amounts that exceed federally insured limits. In the event of failure of any of the financial institutions where we maintain our cash and cash equivalents, there can be no assurance that we will be able to access uninsured funds in a timely manner or at all. 
 If necessary, we may borrow funds under our Revolving Credit Facility to finance our liquidity requirements, subject to customary borrowing conditions. To the extent additional funds are necessary to meet our long-term liquidity needs as we continue to execute our business strategy, we anticipate that they will be obtained through the incurrence of additional indebtedness, additional equity financings or a combination of these potential sources of funds; however, such financing may not be available on favorable terms, or at all. In particular, the current global economic volatility, rising inflation and interest rates, price increases, decrease in our customers' spend or available budget, and the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, have resulted in, and may continue to result in, significant disruption of global financial markets, reducing our ability to access capital. Our ability to access capital may also be impacted by political, economic, and military conditions in Israel, including the current security situation or any escalation of conflicts with Israel, and in other regions in which we operate, or changes in the business environment in those regions. If we are unable to raise additional funds when desired, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Repurchase Program 
 On June 11, 2024, the Company s board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program of the Company s outstanding common stock for up to 5.0 million of the Company s common stock (the "Repurchase Program"). Under the Repurchase Program, the Company may make repurchases, from time to time, through open market purchases, block trades, in privately negotiated transactions, accelerated stock repurchase transactions, or by other means. The Company may also, from time to time, enter into Rule 10b5-1 plans to facilitate repurchases under this authorization. The volume, timing, and manner of any repurchases will be determined at the Company s discretion, subject to general market conditions, as well as the Company s management of capital, general business conditions, other investment opportunities, regulatory requirements and other factors. The Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any specific amount of common stock, has no time limit, and may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time without notice at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased 1,758,929 shares of common stock at an average price of 1.24 per share (excluding broker and transaction fees of 53). As of September 30, 2024, the Company had remaining authorization under the Repurchase Program to repurchase common stock up to an aggregate amount of 2.8 million, subject to satisfying required conditions under the Companies Law and Companies Regulations. 
 
 Credit Facilities 
 In January 2021, we entered into a new credit agreement (as amended, the Credit Agreement with one of our existing lenders, which provides for a new senior secured term loan facility in the aggregate principal amount of 40.0 million (the Term Loan Facility and a new senior secured revolving credit facility in the aggregate principal amount of 10.0 million (the Revolving Credit Facility and, together with the Term Loan Facility, the Credit Facilities ), which thereafter were extended and amended to align our business needs and other developments. In December 2023, we refinanced all amounts outstanding under the then-existing Credit Agreement, and entered into a new amendment to the credit agreement (the Fifth Amendment with an existing lender, which provides for an additional term loan facility of 3.5 million in addition to the existing 31.5 million in term loans outstanding immediately prior to the Fifth Amendment. Commitments under the Revolving Credit Facility decreased to 25.0 million 
 In July 2024, we entered into an amendment to the Credit Agreement with an existing lender, in connection with our Repurchase Program (as defined herein), which updated the aggregate amount of permitted Restricted Payments (as defined in the Credit Agreement; which term include, among others, repurchase of the Company s outstanding common stock) and conditions for making such payments. 
 The amount available for borrowing under the Revolving Credit Facility is limited to a borrowing base, which is equal to the product of (a) 500 (which will automatically reduce to 350 on the date the Term Loan Facility is repaid in full), multiplied by (b) monthly Recurring Revenue for the most recently ended monthly period, multiplied by (c) the Retention Rate (in each case, as defined in the Credit Agreement). 
 The Revolving Credit Facility includes a sub-facility for letters of credit in the aggregate availability amount of 10.0 million and a swingline sub-facility in the aggregate availability amount of 5.0 million, each of which reduces borrowing availability under the Revolving Credit Facility. 
 Borrowings under the Credit Facilities bear interest, determined as follows: (a) SOFR loans accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to Term SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) plus 0.10 per annum plus a margin of 2.50 (the Adjusted Term SOFR (as defined in the Credit Agreement) is subject to a 1.00 floor), and (b) ABR loans accrue interest at a rate per annum equal to the ABR plus a margin of 1.50 (ABR is equal to the highest of (i) the prime rate and (ii) the Federal Funds Effective Rate plus 0.50 , subject to a 2.00 floor). As of September 30, 2024, the current rate of interest under the Credit Facilities was equal to a rate per annum of 7.23 , consisting of 4.63 (the 3-month SOFR rate as of September 30, 2024), 0.10 credit spread adjustment and the margin of 2.50 . 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 We are required to prepay amounts outstanding under the Term Loan Facility with 100 of the net cash proceeds of any indebtedness incurred by us or any of our subsidiaries other than certain permitted indebtedness. In addition, we are required to prepay amounts outstanding under the Credit Facilities with the net cash proceeds of any Asset Sale or Recovery Event (each as defined in the Credit Agreement), subject to certain limited reinvestment rights. 
 Amounts outstanding under the Credit Facilities may be voluntarily prepaid at any time and from time to time, in whole or in part, without premium or penalty. All voluntary prepayments (other than ABR loans borrowed under the Revolving Credit Facility) must be accompanied by accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount being prepaid and customary breakage costs, if any, with respect to prepayments of SOFR loans. 
 The Term Loan Facility is payable in consecutive quarterly installments on the last day of each fiscal quarter in an amount equal to (i) 437,500 for installments payable on December 31, 2023 (deferred to January 9, 2024), through September 30, 2024, (ii) 656,250 for installments payable on December 31, 2024 through September 30, 2025, and (iii) 1,312,500 for installments payable on and after December 31, 2025. The remaining unpaid balance on the Term Loan Facility is due and payable on December 21, 2026, together with accrued and unpaid interest on the principal amount to be paid to, but excluding, the payment date. 
 
 Our obligations under the Credit Facilities are currently guaranteed by Kaltura Europe Limited, and are required to be guaranteed by all of our future direct and indirect subsidiaries other than certain excluded subsidiaries and immaterial foreign subsidiaries. Our obligations and those of Kaltura Europe Limited are, and the obligations of any future guarantors are required to be, secured by a first priority lien on substantially all of our respective assets. 
 The Credit Agreement contains a number of covenants that, among other things and subject to certain exceptions, restrict our ability, and the ability of our subsidiaries, to: 
 create, issue, incur, assume, become liable in respect of or suffer to exist any debt or liens; 
 consummate any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve, or dispose of all or substantially all of our or their respective property or business; 
 dispose of property or, in the case of our subsidiaries, issue or sell any shares of such subsidiary s capital stock; 
 repay, prepay, redeem, purchase, retire or defease subordinated debt; 
 declare or pay dividends or make certain other restricted payments; 
 make certain investments; 
 enter into transactions with affiliates; 
 enter into new lines of business; and 
 make certain amendments to our or their respective organizational documents or certain material contracts. 
 The Credit Agreement also contains certain financial covenants that require us to maintain (i) a minimum amount of Consolidated Adjusted EBITDA (as defined in the Credit Agreement) as of the last day of each fiscal quarter (which minimum amount increased through the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2023) (the Adjusted EBITDA Covenant ), and (ii) Liquidity (as defined in the Credit Agreement) of at least 20.0 million as of the last day of any calendar month. We were in compliance with these covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 The Credit Agreement also contains certain customary representations and warranties and affirmative covenants, and certain reporting obligations. In addition, the lenders under the Credit Facilities will be permitted to accelerate all outstanding borrowings and other obligations, terminate outstanding commitments and exercise other specified remedies upon the occurrence of certain events of default (subject to certain grace periods and exceptions), which include, among other things, payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, certain cross-defaults and cross-accelerations to other indebtedness, certain events of bankruptcy and insolvency, certain judgments and Change of Control events (as defined in the Credit Agreement). 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had no balance outstanding under the Revolving Credit Facility and the total revolving commitment of 25.0 million remains available for future borrowings. As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 33.3 million of borrowing under the Term Loan Facility. 
 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 7,920 (9,904) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities (4,184) 1,081 Net cash used in financing activities (3,865) (3,276) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 285 439 Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 156 (11,660) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 36,784 45,833 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 36,940 34,173 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities increased by 17.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities of 7.9 million for nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily due to 24.7 million incremental net loss, offset for non-cash adjustments totaling 32.5 million, and net cash inflows of 0.2 million due to changes in operating assets and liabilities. Non-cash charges primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization of 3.8 million, stock-based compensation expenses of 21.1 million and amortization of deferred contract acquisitions and fulfillment costs of 8.6 million. Changes in operating assets and liabilities primarily consisted of increase in trade payables of 2.2 million, a total increase in employee accruals, accrued expenses, and other liabilities of 2.1 million, a decrease in trade receivables of 0.7 million and an increase in deferred revenue of 0.6 million. These trends were partially offset by an increase in deferred contract acquisition and fulfillment costs of 4.4 million and a net change in operating right-of-use assets and lease liabilities of 0.9 million. 
 Net cash used in operating activities of 9.9 million for nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to 34.3 million incremental net loss, adjusted for non-cash charges of 33.0 million, and net cash outflows of 8.6 million due to changes in our operating assets and liabilities. Non-cash charges primarily consisted of depreciation and amortization of 3.4 million, stock-based compensation expenses of 22.0 million and amortization of deferred contract acquisitions and fulfillment costs of 8.8 million. The main drivers of net cash outflows were derived from the changes in operating assets and liabilities and were related to a decrease of trade payable of 5.6 million, an increase of deferred contract acquisition and fulfillment cost of 4.9 million, an aggregate decrease in employees accruals, accrued expenses and other liabilities of 2.4 million and a decrease in deferred revenue of 1.3 million, partially offset by a decrease of receivables of 6.9 million. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Investing Activities 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities decreased by 5.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net cash used in investing activities amounted to 4.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This was primarily due to an an increase in proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale marketable securities of 34.0 million. 
 Net cash provided by investing activities amounted to 1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This was primarily due to 39.0 million in sales and maturities of available-for-sale marketable securities, partially offset by 1.5 million for capitalized internal use software, 33.6 million in investments in available-for-sale marketable securities, 1.0 million in investments in a bank deposit, and 1.8 million in capital expenditures 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash flows used in financing activities increased by 0.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 3.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to repayment of long-term loans of 1.8 million, 2.2 million repurchase of common stock and 0.1 million payments on account of repurchase of common stock, offset by 0.2 million due to proceeds from the exercise of stock options. 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 3.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the repayment of long-term loans totaling 4.5 million, which was partially offset by proceeds of 1.2 million from the exercise of stock options. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 Our principal commitments consist of obligations under operating and finance leases, purchase obligations with third-party providers for the use of cloud hosting and other services and outstanding debt. There were no material changes to our commitments and contractual obligations during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from the commitments and contractual obligations disclosed in Part II, Item 7, "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," of our 2023 10-K. For further information on our commitments and contractual obligations, refer also to Note 7, Note 8 and Note 14 of the notes to our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to make estimates, judgments and assumptions that affect the amounts reported in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our management believes that the estimates, judgment and assumptions used are reasonable based upon information available at the time they are made. These estimates, judgments and assumptions can affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the dates of the consolidated financial statements, and the reported amounts of revenue and expenses during the reporting periods. Actual results could differ from those estimates. 
 Our critical accounting policies and estimates were disclosed in Part II, Item 7, "Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," of our 2023 10-K. There have been no significant changes to these policies and estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We are exposed to market risk from changes in exchange rates, interest rates and inflation. All of these market risks arise in the ordinary course of business, as we do not engage in speculative trading activities. The following analysis provides additional information regarding these risks. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 Foreign Currency and Exchange Risk 
 Our revenue and expenses are primarily denominated in U.S. dollars. Our functional currency is the U.S. dollar. Our sales are mainly denominated in U.S. dollars and Euros. A significant portion of our operating costs are in Israel, consisting principally of salaries and related personnel expenses, and facility expenses, which are denominated in NIS. This foreign currency exposure gives rise to market risk associated with exchange rate movements of the U.S. dollar against the NIS and Euros. Furthermore, we anticipate that a significant portion of our expenses will continue to be denominated in NIS as well as that a significant portion of our revenue will continue to be denominated in Euros. 
 To reduce the impact of foreign currency exchange risks associated with forecasted future cash flows and certain existing assets and liabilities and the volatility in our consolidated statements of operations, we established a hedging program. Currently, our hedging activity relates to U.S. dollar/NIS exchange rate exposure. We do not intend to enter into derivative instruments for trading or speculative purposes. We account for our derivative instruments as either assets or liabilities and carry them at fair value in the consolidated balance sheets. The accounting for changes in the fair value of the derivative depends on the intended use of the derivative and the resulting designation. Our hedging activities are expected to reduce but not eliminate the impact of currency exchange rate movements. 
 A hypothetical 10 change in foreign currency exchange rates applicable to our business would have had an impact on our results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, of 1.4 million due to NIS (after considering cash-flow hedges) and 3.6 million due to Euros. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding floating rate debt obligations of 33.0 million (consisting of the outstanding principal balance under our credit facilities). Accordingly, fluctuations in market interest rates may increase or decrease our interest expense which will, in turn, increase or decrease our net income and cash flow. We seek to manage exposure to adverse interest rate changes through our normal operating and financing activities. At this time, we do not use derivative instruments to mitigate our interest rate risk. A hypothetical 10 change in interest rates during the periods presented would not have a material impact on our results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Impact of Inflation 
 While it is difficult to accurately measure the impact of inflation due to the imprecise nature of the estimates required, we do not believe inflation has had a material effect on our historical results of operations and financial condition. However, if our costs were to become subject to significant inflationary pressures, we may not be able to fully offset higher costs through price increases or other corrective measures, and our inability or failure to do so could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Limitations on effectiveness of controls and procedures 
 In designing and evaluating our disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. 
 In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 Our management, with the participation and supervision of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Based on such evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 From time to time, we are involved in various legal proceedings arising from the normal course of business activities. We are not presently a party to any litigation the outcome of which, we believe, if determined adversely to us, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results, cash flows or financial condition. Defending such proceedings is costly and can impose a significant burden on management and employees. We may receive unfavorable preliminary or interim rulings in the course of litigation, and there can be no assurances that favorable final outcomes will be obtained. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our 2023 10-K. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer or Affiliated Purchaser 
 The following table presents information with respect to the Company s purchases of its common stock during the three months ended September 30, 2024: 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased (1) Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (in Thousands) July 1, 2024 to July 31, 2024 
 817,329 1.22 817,329 3,914 August 1, 2024 to August 31, 2024 
 521,710 1.23 521,710 3,273 September 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024 
 353,285 1.27 353,285 2,820 Total 1,692,324 1,692,324 
 
 (1) On June 11, 2024, the Company s board of directors authorized a stock repurchase program of the Company s outstanding common stock for up to 5 million of the Company s common stock (the Repurchase Program ). Under the Repurchase Program, the Company may make repurchases, from time to time, through open market purchases, block trades, in privately negotiated transactions, accelerated stock repurchase transactions, or by other means. The Company may also, from time to time, enter into Rule 10b5-1 plans to facilitate repurchases under this authorization. The volume, timing, and manner of any repurchases will be determined at the Company s discretion, subject to general market conditions, as well as the Company s management of capital, general business conditions, other investment opportunities, regulatory requirements and other factors. The Repurchase Program does not obligate the Company to repurchase any specific amount of common stock, has no time limit, and may be modified, suspended, or discontinued at any time without notice at the discretion of the Board of Directors. 

Use of Proceeds 
 On July 23, 2021, we completed our IPO, in which we issued and sold 15,000,000 shares of our common stock at a price to the public of 10.00 per share. On August 6, 2021, we issued and sold an additional 2,250,000 shares of our common stock at a price of 10.00 per share in connection with the underwriters exercise in full of their option to purchase additional shares of our common stock. All shares sold were registered pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333- 253699), as amended (the Registration Statement ), declared effective by the SEC on July 20, 2021. Other than as reported in Part I, Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities in our 2023 10-K, there has been no material change in the expected use of the net proceeds from our IPO as described in the Registration Statement. 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the following directors and officers of the Company adopted or terminated a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K: 
 Director/Sec. 16 Officer Action Date Adopted 
 Total Shares to be Sold Termination Date 
 Rule 10b5-1 Non-Rule 10b5-1 22-May-24 
 Intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) 
 Not intended to satisfy the affirmative defense of Rule 10b5-1(c) 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 The documents listed below are incorporated by reference or are filed with this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, in each case as indicated below. 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed/Furnished Herewith 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Kaltura, Inc. 
 8-K 001-40644 3.1 07/23/2021 3.2 Certificate of Designations of Series A Junior Participating Preferred Stock of Kaltura, Inc. 
 
 8-K 001-40644 3.1 08/08/2022 3.3 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Kaltura, Inc. 
 8-K 001-40644 3.2 07/23/2021 
 55 

4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of Kaltura, Inc. 
 S-1/A 333-253699 4.1 03/23/2021 4.2 Sixth Amended and Restated Investor Rights Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2016, by and among Kaltura, Inc. and each of the investors listed on Exhibit A thereto, as amended. 
 S-1/A 333-253699 4.2 03/23/2021 10.1 
 Sixth Amendment to Credit Agreement, dated as of July 22, 2024, the subsidiaries of the Borrower party thereto, the several banks and other financial institutions or entities party thereto, and Silicon Valley Bank, as the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Lender and the Swingline Lender. 
 10-Q 
 001-40644 
 4.3 
 08/08/2024 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a). 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (as formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 KALTURA, INC. Date: November 6, 2024 
 By: /s/ Ron Yekutiel 
 Ron Yekutiel Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Date: November 6, 2024 
 By: /s/ John Doherty 
 John Doherty 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 kaltura_311q32024125736099.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Ron Yekutiel , certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Kaltura, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s Ron Yekutiel Ron Yekutiel Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 kaltura_312q32024125736098.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 I, John Doherty, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Kaltura, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s John Doherty John Doherty Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 kaltura_321q32024125736097.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Kaltura, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s Ron Yekutiel Ron Yekutiel Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 kaltura_322q32024125736100.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Kaltura, Inc. (the Company for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 By s John Doherty John Doherty Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 kltr-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 kltr-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 kltr-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 kltr-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 kltr-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

