<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1934945_0001213900-24-100171.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3823410</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>99736</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>887423</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>692863</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>979098</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1092144</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-100171.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119161958
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-100171
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Trailblazer Merger Corp I
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001934945
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41668
		FILM NUMBER:		241476404

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		510 MADISON AVENUE, SUITE 1401
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022
		BUSINESS PHONE:		646-747-9616

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		510 MADISON AVENUE, SUITE 1401
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10022

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-100171.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 ea0219048-10q_trailblazer1.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarter ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13
OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
to 

Commission file number : 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Issuer s telephone number) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of
the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Check whether the issuer (1) filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that
the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 19, 2024, there were shares of Class A
common stock, 0.0001 par value and Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

TRAILBLAZER MERGER CORPORATION I 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I.
 Financial Information 
 1 
 
 Item 1.
 Interim Financial Statements 
 1 
 
 Condensed
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 
 Condensed
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 2 
 
 Condensed
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023
 (Unaudited) 
 3 
 
 Condensed
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 4 
 
 Notes to
 Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 
 
 Item 2.
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 
 Item 3.
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 27 
 
 Item 4.
 Controls and Procedures 
 27 
 
 Part II.
 Other Information 
 28 
 
 Item 1.
 Legal Proceedings 
 28 
 
 Item 1A.
 Risk Factors 
 28 
 
 Item 2.
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 28 
 
 Item 3.
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 28 
 
 Item 4.
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 28 
 
 Item 5.
 Other Information 
 28 
 
 Item 6.
 Exhibits 
 29 
 
 Part III.
 Signatures 
 30 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements 

TRAILBLAZER MERGER CORPORATION I 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(Unaudited) 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Cash restricted 

Prepaid expenses 

Restricted funds held in Trust Account 

Total current assets 

Prepaid insurance 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

Current liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued offering costs 

Income taxes payable 

Excise tax payable 

Class A common stock pending redemptions shares) 

Promissory note related party 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred tax liability 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, and shares at redemption value at per share as of September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred Stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized: issued and outstanding (excluding 2,379,616 and 6,900,000 shares subject to possible redemption) at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; share issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

TRAILBLAZER MERGER CORPORATION I 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 
 
 Operating and formation costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Other income, net 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

TRAILBLAZER MERGER CORPORATION I 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balances December 31, 2023 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Net income 

Balances March 31, 2024 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Net income 

Balances June 30, 2024 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of Class A common stock 

Net income 

Balances September 30, 2024 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2023 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders Equity 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 (Deficit) 
 
 Balances December 31, 2022 

Sale of private placement units 

Stock-based compensation expense to certain officers/directors 

Fair value of rights included in public units 

Allocated value of transaction costs to Class A shares 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Net loss 

Balances March 31, 2023 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Net income 

Balances June 30, 2023 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Net income 

Balances September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

TRAILBLAZER MERGER CORPORATION I 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation expense to certain officers and directors 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Benefit from income taxes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid insurance 

Accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Proceeds from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Extension deposit into Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of private placement units 

Proceeds from promissory note - related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash and Restricted Cash 

Cash and Restricted Cash Beginning of period 

Cash and Restricted Cash End of period 

Cash and Restricted Cash, end of period 

Cash 

Cash restricted 

Cash and Restricted Cash, end of period 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Remeasurement of Class A common stock subject to redemption value 

Excise tax payable 

Pending redemptions of Class A common stock 

Offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

TRAILBLAZER MERGER CORPORATION I 

NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units
being offered, the Public Shares ), which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in
the amount of Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of units (the Placement Units at a price of per Placement
Unit, in a private placement to Trailblazer Sponsor Group, LLC (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which
is described in Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted to consisting
of of cash underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting fees, and of other offering costs. The allocated
value of transaction costs to Class A common stock amounted to . 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
on March 31, 2023, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public
Offering and the sale of the Placement Units was placed in a trust account (the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less, or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money
market fund meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of:
(i) the completion of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds in the Trust Account to the Company s
stockholders, as described below. 

5 

of the net assets held in
the Trust Account (as defined below) (less any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on interest earned on the Trust Account)
at the time of the signing a definitive agreement to enter a Business Combination. The Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

The Company will provide its holders of the outstanding
Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the
completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination
or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination
or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their
Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus
any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations). 

If the Company seeks stockholder approval, it
will only proceed with a Business Combination, if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a
stockholder vote is not required by law and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the
Company will, pursuant to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation ),
which will be filed prior to the Initial Public Offering, increase the number of authorized shares, conduct the redemptions pursuant to
the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the
SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or the Company
decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy
solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks stockholder approval in
connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5), placement shares
(shares of Class A common stock included in the Placement Units) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering
in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or don t vote at all. 

Notwithstanding the above, if the Company seeks
stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other
person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more
than an aggregate of or more of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

 The Sponsor has agreed (a) to waive its redemption
rights with respect to its Founder Shares and Public Shares held by it in connection with the completion of a Business Combination, (b) to
waive its liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period, as defined below, and (c) not to propose an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (i) to
modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial Business
Combination or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination or with respect to any other
provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public
Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

6 

(the Extension Payment into the Company s Trust Account in order to extend the date by which
the Company has to consummate a business combination from . The Extension Payment was loaned as a
draw down pursuant to an unsecured promissory note the Company issued to the Sponsor (see Note 5). 

As approved by its stockholders at the annual
meeting of stockholders held on September 26, 2024 (the Annual Meeting ), the Company filed an amendment to its Amended and
Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Charter with the Delaware Secretary of State on September 27, 2024 (the Charter
Amendment ), and also amended its investment management trust agreement, to (a) modify the terms and extend the date (the Termination
Date by which the Company has to consummate a business combination by allowing the Company, through resolution of the board of
directors without another stockholder vote, to elect to extend the Termination Date by one month each time from September 30, 2024 to
September 30, 2025 (the Combination Period ), or such earlier date as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, unless
the closing of a business combination shall have occurred prior thereto; and (b) to remove the provision which permitted the withdrawal
of from the trust account of the Company in order to pay dissolution expenses. For each monthly extension approved by the Board,
the monthly payment required to be deposited into the Company s Trust Account to extend the Termination Date by one month should
be the lesser of (i) for each outstanding share of Public Stock after giving effect to the redemption, and (ii) . 

In connection with the stockholders vote
at the Annual Meeting, shares were tendered for redemption. 

On October 2, 2024, the Sponsor deposited 
into the Company s Trust Account to extend the Termination Date from September 30, 2024 to October 30, 2024 (see Note 9). 

On October 9, 2024, , or approximately
 redemption price per share, was withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the redeeming holders and the shares of the Company s
Class A common stock that were redeemed were cancelled (see Note 9). 

On October 31, 2024, the Sponsor deposited 
into the Company s Trust Account to extend the Termination Date from October 30, 2024 to November 30, 2024 (see Note 9). 

If the Company is unable to complete a Business
Combination within Termination Date (September 30, 2025, if extended by the full amount of time), the Company will (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations,
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible
following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors,
dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. 

The Sponsor has agreed to waive its liquidation
rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However,
if the Sponsor acquires Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed
to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does
not complete a Business Combination within in the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other
funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution,
it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering
price per Unit ). 

In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust
Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or
products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement,
reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (1) per Public Share or (2) the actual amount per Public Share
held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in
each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay our taxes. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third
party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act
of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against
a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to
reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all
vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or
other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

7 

from the Sponsor issuance of Founder Shares
and loan proceeds from the Sponsor under the Promissory Note (as defined in Note 5). Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale
of the Placement Units in a private placement. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the
Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital
Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, it would repay such loaned amounts at that time. Up to of such
Working Capital Loans may be converted into units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per unit at the option
of the lender. The units would be identical to the Placement Units. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no amount
outstanding under the Working Capital Loan. 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an
Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the Company currently lacks the
liquidity it needs to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be at least one year from the
date that the financial statements are issued as it expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition
plans. In addition, the Company has until November 30, 2024, as extended, to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that
the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by November
30, 2024 (September 30, 2025, if extended by the full amount of time), there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution. Management has determined that mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent
dissolution and the liquidity issue raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for
one year from the date the financial statements are issued. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or
liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after November 30, 2024 (September 30, 2025, if extended by the full amount of time). The Company intends to complete a Business
Combination with Cyabra (see Note 6) before the mandatory liquidation date. The Company is within 12 months of its mandatory
liquidation date as of the time of filing of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction
Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 
excise tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly
traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself,
not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the shares
repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted
to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year.
In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given
authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. 

Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs
after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax.
Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination, extension vote or
otherwise would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection
with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination, (iii) the nature and amount
of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with
a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations
and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder,
the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available
on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business Combination. 

8 

interest per annum and a underpayment penalty per month or portion of a month up to of the total liability for any amount
that is unpaid from November 1, 2024 until paid in full. The Company had no common stock redemptions in 2023 and no excise tax was due
on October 31, 2024. 

 As of September 30, 2024, the Company has recorded excise tax payable
based on the amount redeemed or an aggregate amount of and is presented in the accompanying balance sheet. 

As of September 30, 2024, the subsidiaries had no financial activities. 

9 

and in
unrestricted cash and no cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

and 0 ,
respectively. Cash restricted at September 30, 2024 represents cash that was withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay franchise
and income taxes but is yet to be utilized at the end of the period. 

of interest
earned on the Trust Account to pay for the Company franchise and income taxes payable. As of September 30, 2024, of the amount
withdrawn from Trust remains to be utilized. 

and , respectively. 

10 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Rights 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2023 

Less: 

Redemption of Class A common stock 

Plus: 

Remeasurement of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Common Stock subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

, the deferred tax asset of was fully offset by a valuation allowance. As of December
31, 2023, the Company reported a net deferred tax liability of , the deferred tax asset of was fully offset by a valuation
allowance. The Company s effective tax rate was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively;
and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective tax rate differs from the statutory
tax rate of for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, due to stock-based compensation expense, interest and
penalties related to income taxes, merger and acquisition related costs, and the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets related
to organization expenses. 

and , respectively, for interest and penalties related to underpayment of income taxes. There were no unrecognized tax benefits
as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant
payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. 

11 

shares of Class A
common stock in the aggregate. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average common stock outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per common stock 

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account. 

12 

Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of Units,
at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of the Company s Class A common stock and right
to receive one-tenth (1/10) of a share of Class A common stock. 

Placement Units at a price of per Placement Unit, for an aggregate
purchase price of in a private placement. A portion of the proceeds from the Placement Units was added to the proceeds from
the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account so that the Trust Account holds per unit sold. If the Company does not complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Placement Units will be used to fund the redemption
of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Placement Units will expire worthless. 

shares (the Founder Shares of the Company s Class B common stock for an aggregate price of . On September 23,
2022, the Company and the Sponsor entered into a share exchange agreement pursuant to which the Sponsor exchanged Founder Shares
for shares of Class A common stock. As a result of the share exchange, the Founder Shares consisted of shares
of Class A common stock and share of Class B common stock. On January 20, 2023, the Sponsor forfeited for no consideration
and the Company canceled of such Founder Shares, resulting in Founder Shares remaining outstanding of Class A common
stock and share of Class B common stock. The share of Class B common stock will automatically be canceled at the time of
the initial Business Combination. The holder of the share of Class B common stock will have the right to elect all of the directors
prior to the initial Business Combination and the holders of the shares of Class A common stock will not be entitled to vote on the
election of directors during such time. 

13 

Class A
common stock which support the subscription interests of management and the directors has a fair value of or per share,
which has been recorded as stock-based compensation. The fair value was determined using a Monte Carlo Model with a volatility of ,
risk-free rate of and a stock price of as of the valuation date of March 28, 2023. These interests are not subject to
performance conditions and as such stock-based compensation of was recorded on the statement of operations. 

On November 10, 2023, the Company reimbursed its
officers an aggregate amount of for the out-of-pocket expenses paid by officers in connection with meeting a prospective target. 

The Sponsor has agreed, subject to certain limited
exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (1) one year after the
completion of a Business Combination or (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the
Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 180 days after a Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results
in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On May 17, 2022, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note to the Sponsor (the Promissory Note as amended on January 20, 2023 and as further amended as of March 31,
2023, pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of (as amended). The Promissory Note is
non-interest bearing and is payable on the earlier of (i) the close of the Company s initial business combination or (ii) September 30,
2024. On November 21, 2023, the Promissory Note was further amended to permit the Company to pay certain expenses of the Sponsor which
would reduce the principal balance of the Promissory Note by the same amount. On March 27, 2024, the maximum amount available under the
Note was further amended and increased to . On June 25, 2024, the maximum amount available under the Note was further amended
and increased to . On September 16, 2024, the maximum amount available under the Note was further amended and increased to .
On September 30, 2024, the maximum amount available under the Note was further amended and increased to . As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, there was and , respectively, outstanding under the Promissory Note. 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s directors and officers may,
but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a
Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company.
Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital
Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either
be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such
Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per unit. The units would
be identical to the Placement Units (see Note 4). As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was no amount outstanding
under the Working Capital Loan. 

14 

additional Units to cover over-allotments at the Initial Public Offering price, less the underwriting discounts
and commissions. On March 31, 2023, simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters elected to fully
exercise the over-allotment option to purchase an additional Units at a price of per Unit. 

The underwriters were also entitled to a cash
underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate, which was paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering.
In addition, the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate. The deferred fee will
become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business
Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Advisory Agreement 

Pursuant to the advisory agreement entered into
in September 2022 with LifeSci Capital LLC LifeSci ), further amended in March 2023, upon the consummation of the initial
business combination, the Company agreed to pay LifeSci equal to one and one half percent of the total consideration paid in connection
with the initial business combination in the form of equity interests in the entity that survives any such business combination in exchange
for the provision by the underwriters of certain services relating to the initial business combination. 

For the purposes of this section, total
consideration means the total market value of, without duplication, all cash, securities, or other property paid or transferred
at the closing of such transaction by the target s stockholders or to be paid or transferred in the future to the target s
stockholders with respect to such transaction (other than payments of interest or dividends and any contingent or earnout consideration
based upon future performance of the combined companies, however characterized), including, without limitation, to the extent applicable,
any net value paid in respect of (i) the assets of the target and (ii) the capital stock of the target (and the spread value of any in
the money securities convertible into options, warrants or other rights to acquire such capital stock), after giving effect to
the assumption, retirement or defeasance, directly or indirectly (by operation of law or otherwise), of any long-term liabilities of the
target or repayment of indebtedness, including, without limitation, indebtedness secured by the assets of the target, capital leases or
preferred stock obligations; provided, that for the avoidance of doubt, any funds in the trust account (as may be applicable in the case
of a Transaction) or financing proceeds raised in connection with the closing of the transaction (including by way of an offering, the
compensation to underwriters for which is provided for below), in either case, that are not paid to the target s stockholders as
consideration in the transaction will not be included as part of the Total Consideration. 

15 

per share; and (ii) the dollar volume-weighted
average price (VWAP) for such security on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which such security is then traded
during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through
its HP function (set to weighted average) for the first five (5) trading days following the consummation of the transaction. 

Additionally, the Company agreed to reimburse
the underwriters for all out-of-pocket documented costs and expenses (including fees and expenses of counsel) incurred by the underwriters
in connection with provision of such services, up to in the aggregate, and, upon the consummation of the initial business combination,
to reimburse the underwriters for any such expenses incurred in excess of . 

Merger Agreement 

On July 22, 2024, the Company entered into a merger
agreement, by and among Parent, Trailblazer Merger Sub, Ltd., an Israeli company and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Merger Sub ), Trailblazer Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company Holdings ),
and Cyabra Strategy Ltd., a private company organized in Israel Cyabra (as it may be amended and/or restated from time
to time, the Merger Agreement ). 

The Merger Agreement provides that, among other
things and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, (a) the Company shall merge with and into Holdings and Holdings shall
be the survivor of such merger (the Company Merger and all references to the Company subsequent to the Company Merger shall
be intended to refer to Holdings as the survivor of the Company Merger) and (b) Merger Sub shall merge with and into Cyabra, with Cyabra
being the surviving entity (the Merger ), following which Merger Sub will cease to exist and Cyabra will become a wholly
owned subsidiary of the Company (the Surviving Corporation ). In connection with the Merger, the Company will be renamed
 Cyabra, Inc. Pubco ). 

Parent Support Agreement 

Contemporaneously with the execution of, and as
a condition and an inducement to the Company and Cyabra entering into the Merger Agreement, the Sponsor and certain other stockholders
of the Company are entering into and delivering the Parent Support Agreement (the Parent Support Agreement ), pursuant to
which the Sponsor and each such Company stockholder have agreed (i) not to transfer or redeem any of the Company Common Stock held by
such Company stockholder and (ii) to vote in favor of the Merger Agreement and the Merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby
at the Company stockholder meeting. 

Company Support Agreement 

Contemporaneously with the execution of, and as
a condition and an inducement to the Company and Cyabra entering into the Merger Agreement, certain Cyabra shareholders are entering into
and delivering the Company Support Agreement (the Company Support Agreement ), pursuant to which each such Cyabra shareholder
has agreed (i) not to transfer any equity securities held by such shareholder and (ii) to vote in favor of the Merger Agreement and the
Merger and the other transactions contemplated thereby. 

Lock-Up Agreement 

Prior to the Closing, Cyabra shall use reasonable
best efforts to cause certain Cyabra securityholders to enter into a Lock-Up Agreement with the Company to be effective as of the Closing,
pursuant to which the shares comprising the Aggregate Merger Consideration shall be subject to a lock-up, restricting the sale, transfer
or other disposition of such shares for a period of nine months in accordance with the terms and conditions more fully set forth in the
form of Lock-Up Agreement. 

16 

in the Company Common Stock in a private
placement that will close concurrently with the Closing (the PIPE Investment ). 

In the event that in excess of remains
in the Trust Account after redemption of the Company Class A Common Stock in connection with the Merger, the PIPE Investment shall be
reduced by the amount by which the Trust Account exceeds . Further, up to of the PIPE Investment may be provided
upon the initial filing of the Registration Statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission, if mutually agreed upon between the
parties. 

shares of par value preferred stock. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
were no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. 

 Class A Common Stock The Company is authorized to issue up to shares of Class A, par value common stock. Holders of the Company s common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, excluding and shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively. 

Class B Common Stock 
The Company is authorized to issue up to shares of Class B, par value common stock. Holders of the Company s
common stock are entitled to vote for each share. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was share of Class B common
stock issued and outstanding. 

The holder of our share of Class B common
stock will have the right to elect all of our directors prior to our initial business combination and the holders of our shares of Class A
common stock will not be entitled to vote on the election of directors during such time. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B
common stock will vote together as a single class on other matters submitted to a vote of stockholders, except as required by law. However,
with respect to amending our charter to increase or decrease the aggregate number of authorized shares, holders of our Class A common
stock and holders of our Class B common stock will vote as a separate class. 

17 

in money market funds, of which, was restricted to pay the redeeming stockholders. The
Company s assets held in Trust Account was in U.S. treasury bills until September 19, 2024. During the period ended September 30,
2024, the Company has withdrawn interest income from the Trust Account to pay for the Company franchise and income taxes. 

18 

Description 

Marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 1 

Total marketable securities held in Trust Account 
 1 

into the Company s Trust Account to extend the Termination Date from September 30, 2024 to October 30, 2024. 

On October 3, 2024, the Company withdrew 
of interest earned on the Trust Account to pay for the Company s franchise and income taxes. 

On October 9, 2024, , or approximately
 redemption price per share, was withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the redeeming stockholders and the shares of
the Company s Class A common stock that were redeemed were cancelled. 

On October 31, 2024, the Sponsor deposited 
into the Company s Trust Account to extend the Termination Date from October 30, 2024 to November 30, 2024. 

Amendment to Merger Agreement 

On November 11, 2024, the parties thereto amended the Merger Agreement
to: 

19 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to we, us or the Company refer to Trailblazer Merger Corporation I References
to our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
refer to Trailblazer Sponsor Group, LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results
of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly
Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve
risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are
not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and
projected. All statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements
in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the completion
of the Business Combination (as defined below), the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives
of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, 
 intend, estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify
such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s
current beliefs, based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ
materially from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including that the conditions of the
Business Combination are not satisfied. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the final prospectus for its Initial
Public Offering filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings
can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities
law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company formed under the
laws of the State of Delaware on November 12, 2021 for the purpose of effectuating a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition,
stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our initial
business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering and the private
placement of the Private Units, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to
forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the Initial Public Offering or otherwise),
shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. 

The issuance of additional shares in connection
with an initial business combination: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of our investors who would not have pre-emption rights in respect of any such issuance; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of shares of common stock if we issue shares of preferred stock with rights senior to those afforded to our shares of common stock; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; and 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our common stock, rights and/or warrants. 

20 

Similarly, if we issue debt securities or otherwise
incur significant debt, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our initial business combination plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial
business combination will be successful. 

Merger Agreement 

On July 22, 2024, Trailblazer Merger Corporation
I Parent ), a Delaware corporation, entered into a merger agreement, by and among Parent, Trailblazer Merger Sub, Ltd.,
an Israeli company and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Parent Merger Sub ), Trailblazer Holdings, Inc., a Delaware
corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Parent Holdings ), and Cyabra Strategy Ltd., a private company organized
in Israel (the Company (as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time, the Merger Agreement ). 

The Merger Agreement provides that, among other
things and upon the terms and subject to the conditions thereof, (a) Parent shall merge with and into Holdings and Holdings shall be the
survivor of such merger (the Parent Merger and all references to Parent subsequent to the Parent Merger shall be intended
to refer to Holdings as the survivor of the Parent Merger) and (b) Merger Sub shall merge with and into the Company, with the Company
being the surviving entity (the Merger ), following which Merger Sub will cease to exist and the Company will become a wholly
owned subsidiary of Parent (the Surviving Corporation ). In connection with the Merger, Parent will be renamed Cyabra,
Inc. Pubco ). 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities for the period November 12, 2021 (inception) through September 30, 2024 were organizational
activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a Business
Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public
company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

21 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net income of 145,328, which consists of interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 883,635, offset
by the unrealized loss on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 5,531, operating costs of 532,847, and provision for income
taxes of 199,929. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net income of 735,207, which consists of interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 2,814,405, offset
by the operating costs of 1,493,646, and provision for income taxes of 585,552. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2023, we had a net income of 522,948, which consists of interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 834,276 and
unrealized gain on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 60,048, offset by the operating costs of 194,068 and provision for
income taxes of 177,308. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
we had a net income of 664,229, which consists of interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 1,632,278, offset
by operating costs of 432,659, provision for income taxes of 306,725, stock-based compensation expense of 207,087 and unrealized loss
on marketable securities held in Trust Account of 21,578. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024, we had 108,520 in our
operating bank account available for working capital needs, while restricted cash available to pay for the Company s franchise and
income taxes is 353,388. All remaining cash was held in the trust account and is generally unavailable for our use prior to an initial
business combination. 

On March 31, 2023, the Company consummated the
IPO of 6,000,000 units (the Units ). Each Unit consisted of one share of Class A common stock, 0.0001 par value Common
Stock and one right Right to receive one-tenth (1/10) of one share of Common Stock upon the consummation of an
initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 60,000,000. The
Company granted the underwriters a 45-day option to purchase up to 900,000 additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, which the
underwriters exercised in full simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO. The total aggregate issuance by the Company of 6,900,000
Units at a price of 10.00 per unit resulted in a total gross proceeds of 69,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the
Company consummated the Private Placement with the Sponsor 394,500 units (the Private Units ), generating total proceeds
of 3,945,000. The Private Units are identical to the Units sold in the IPO. The Sponsor agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of
the Private Units or underlying securities (except in limited circumstances, as described in the registration statement) until the completion
of the Company s initial business combination. The holders of the Private Units were granted certain demand and piggyback registration
rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Units. The Private Units were issued pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, as the transaction did not involve a public offering. 

As of March 31, 2023, a total of 70,380,000 of
the net proceeds from the IPO and the Private Placement was deposited in a trust account established for the benefit of the Company s
public stockholders. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to us to pay our
tax obligations (if any) and 100,000 of interest for our dissolution expenses, the proceeds from this offering and the sale of the Private
Units will not be released from the trust account (1) to us, until the completion of the initial business combination, or (2) to our public
stockholders, until the earliest of (a) the completion of our initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class
A common stock that stockholders properly elect to redeem, subject to the limitations, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly
submitted in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares
if we do not complete our initial business combination within eighteen (18) months from the closing of this offering or (ii) with respect
to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, and (c) the redemption of our public
shares if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within eighteen (18) months from the closing of this offering, subject
to applicable law. Public stockholders who redeem their Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote described in clause
(b) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business
combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within eighteen (18) months from the closing of
this offering, subject to applicable law. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of our creditors,
if any, which could have priority over the claims of our public stockholders. 

22 

On February 29, 2024, the board of directors approved
the exercise by the Company of the automatic extension of the time the Company has to complete a business combination by an additional
three months. Pursuant to the terms of the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and the trust agreement entered
into between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in connection with the Initial Public Offering, in order for
the time available for the Company to consummate a Business Combination to be extended, the Sponsor or its affiliates or designees, upon
five days advance notice prior to the applicable deadline, must deposit into the trust account 690,000 in full, (or 0.10 per
share) for each extension, on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. 

Through September 30, 2024, the Sponsor deposited
a total of 1,380,000 (the Extension Payment into the Company s Trust Account in order to extend the date by which
the Company has to consummate a business combination from March 31, 2024 to September 30, 2024. 

The Extension Payment was loaned as a draw down
pursuant to an unsecured promissory note the Company issued to the Sponsor on May 17, 2022, pursuant to the Company was able borrow up
to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000 (the Note ). On January 20, 2023, the maximum amount available under the Note
was amended and increased to 400,000. As of March 31, 2023, both the Company and the Sponsor mutually agreed to extend the maturity date
of the original Note. The Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) the close of the Company s initial business
combination or (ii) September 30, 2024. On March 27, 2024, the maximum amount available under the Note was, further, amended and increased
to 1,090,000. On June 25, 2024, the maximum amount available under the Note was further amended and increased to 1,780,000. On September
16, 2024, the maximum amount available under the Note was further amended and increased to 1,980,000. On September 30, 2024, the maximum
amount available under the Note was further amended and increased to 2,280,000. 

As approved by its stockholders at the Annual
Meeting of stockholders held on September 26, 2024, the Company filed an amendment to its Charter with the Delaware Secretary of State
on September 27, 2024, and also amended its investment management trust agreement, to (a) modify the terms and extend the date by which
the Company has to consummate a business combination by allowing the Company, through resolution of the board of directors without another
stockholder vote, to elect to extend the Termination Date by one month each time from September 30, 2024 to September 30, 2025, or such
earlier date as determined by the Board in its sole discretion, unless the closing of a business combination shall have occurred prior
thereto; and (b) to remove the provision which permitted the withdrawal of 100,000 from the trust account of the Company in order to
pay dissolution expenses. For each monthly extension approved by the Board, the monthly payment required to be deposited into the Company s
Trust Account to extend the Termination Date by one month should be the lesser of (i) 0.035 for each outstanding share of Public Stock
after giving effect to the redemption, and (ii) 100,000. 

In connection with the stockholders vote
at the Annual Meeting, 4,520,384 shares were tendered for redemption. 

On October 2, 2024, the Sponsor deposited 83,287
into the Company s Trust Account to extend the Termination Date from September 30, 2024 to October 30, 2024. 

On October 9, 2024, 49,774,936, or approximately
 11.01 redemption price per share, was withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the redeeming holders and the 4,520,384 shares of the Company s
Class A common stock that were redeemed were cancelled. 

On October 31, 2024, the Sponsor deposited 83,287
into the Company s Trust Account to extend the Termination Date from October 30, 2024 to November 30, 2024. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less income taxes payable), to complete
our Business Combination. To the extent that our capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our
Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the
target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a business combination, we would repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of
such Working Capital Loans (as defined below) may be convertible into Units of the post-business combination entity at a price of 10.00
per unit. The Units would be identical to the Private Units. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was no amount outstanding
under the Working Capital Loan. 

We will need to raise additional capital through
loans or additional investments from our Sponsor, stockholders, officers, directors, or third parties. Our officers, directors and Sponsor
may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds, from time to time or at any time, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole
discretion, to meet our working capital needs. Accordingly, we may not be able to obtain additional financing. If we are unable to raise
additional capital, we may be required to take additional measures to conserve liquidity, which could include, but not necessarily be
limited to, curtailing operations, suspending the pursuit of a potential transaction, and reducing overhead expenses. We cannot provide
any assurance that new financing will be available to us on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. 

23 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with the authoritative guidance in Financial Accounting Standard Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue
as a Going Concern, management has determined that the Company currently lacks the liquidity it needs to sustain operations for
a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be at least one year from the date that the financial statements are issued as it
expects to continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of its acquisition plans. In addition, the Company has until November 30, 2024,
as extended, to consummate a Business Combination. It is uncertain that the Company will be able to consummate a Business Combination
by this time. If a Business Combination is not consummated by November 30, 2024, there will be a mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution. Management has determined that mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution
and the liquidity issue raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for one year from the
date the financial statements are issued. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company
be required to liquidate after November 30, 2024. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination with Cyabra before the mandatory
liquidation date. The Company is within 12 months of its mandatory liquidation date as of the time of filing of this Quarterly Report
on Form 10-Q. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements
as of September 30, 2024. 

Contractual Obligations 

Promissory Notes - Related Party 

On May 17, 2022, we issued an unsecured promissory
note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which we may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of 300,000 (the Note ). On January
20, 2023, the maximum amount available under the Note was further increased to 400,000. As of March 31, 2023, both we and the Sponsor
mutually agreed to extend the maturity date of the original Note. The Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) the
close of our initial business combination or (ii) September 30, 2024. On November 21, 2023, the Note was further amended to permit us
to pay certain expenses of the Sponsor which would reduce the principal balance of the Note by the same amount. On March 27, 2024, the
maximum amount available under the Note was further amended and increased to 1,090,000. On June 25, 2024, the maximum amount available
under the Note was further amended and increased to 1,780,000. On September 16, 2024, the maximum amount available under the Note was
further amended and increased to 1,980,000. On September 30, 2024, the maximum amount available under the Note was further amended and
increased to 2,280,000. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was 1,901,585 and 321,585, respectively, outstanding
under the Promissory Note. 

Registration and Stockholder s Rights 

Pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered
into on March 28, 2023, the holders of the founder shares, Placement Units and any unit that may be issued upon conversion of the
Working Capital Loans (and any underlying shares of Class A common stock) are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration
rights agreement requiring the Company to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion
to shares of our Class A common stock). The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short
form registration demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of a Business Combination and rights to require the
Company to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement
will provide that the Company will not be required to effect or permit any registration or cause any registration statement to become
effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidated damages or
other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in registering the Company s securities. The Company will bear the expenses
incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Underwriting Agreement 

On March 28, 2023, in connection with the Initial
Public Offering, we entered into an underwriting agreement with LifeSci Capital LLC and Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc., as representative
of the underwriters named therein. 

The underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of 0.15 per Unit, or 1,035,000 in the aggregate, which was paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition,
 0.30 per Unit sold in the Initial Public Offering, or 2,070,000 in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting
commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that
we complete an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Advisory Agreement 

Pursuant to the advisory agreement entered into
in September 2022 with LifeSci Capital LLC LifeSci ), further amended in March 2023, upon the consummation of the initial
business combination, we have agreed to pay LifeSci equal to one and one half (1.5 percent of the total consideration paid in connection
with the initial business combination in the form of equity interests in the entity that survives any such business combination in exchange
for the provision by the underwriters of certain services relating to the initial business combination. 

24 

For the purposes of this section, total
consideration means the total market value of, without duplication, all cash, securities, or other property paid or transferred
at the closing of such transaction by the target s stockholders or to be paid or transferred in the future to the target s
stockholders with respect to such transaction (other than payments of interest or dividends and any contingent or earnout consideration
based upon future performance of the combined companies, however characterized), including, without limitation, to the extent applicable,
any net value paid in respect of (i) the assets of the target and (ii) the capital stock of the target (and the spread value
of any in the money securities convertible into options, warrants or other rights to acquire such capital stock), after
giving effect to the assumption, retirement or defeasance, directly or indirectly (by operation of law or otherwise), of any long-term
liabilities of the target or repayment of indebtedness, including, without limitation, indebtedness secured by the assets of the target,
capital leases or preferred stock obligations; provided, that for the avoidance of doubt, any funds in the trust account (as may be applicable
in the case of a Transaction) or financing proceeds raised in connection with the closing of the transaction (including by way of an offering,
the compensation to underwriters for which is provided for below), in either case, that are not paid to the target s stockholders
as consideration in the transaction will not be included as part of the Total Consideration. 

For purposes of this section, the market value
of any publicly traded common stock, whether already outstanding or newly-issued, will be equal to the greater of: (i) the value
of such common stock issued to the target upon the closing of a transaction at a price equal to 10.00 per share; and (ii) the dollar
volume-weighted average price (VWAP) for such security on the principal securities exchange or securities market on which such security
is then traded during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported
by Bloomberg through its HP function (set to weighted average) for the first five (5) trading days following the consummation
of the transaction. 

Additionally, we agreed to reimburse the underwriters
for all out-of-pocket documented costs and expenses (including fees and expenses of counsel) incurred by the underwriters in connection
with provision of such services, up to 50,000 in the aggregate, and, upon the consummation of the initial business combination, to reimburse
the underwriters for any such expenses incurred in excess of 50,000. 

Investment Management Trust Agreement 

On March 28, 2023, in connection with the Initial
Public Offering, we entered into an agreement with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company Trustee ). The Trustee
agreed to manage, supervise and administer the Trust Account subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the agreement and in
a timely manner, upon the written instruction of the Company, invest and reinvest the Property in United States government securities
within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in
money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (or any successor rule), which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined
by us; the Trustee may not invest in any other securities or assets, it being understood that the Trust Account will earn no interest
while account funds are uninvested awaiting our instructions hereunder; and while account funds are invested or uninvested, the Trustee
may earn bank credits or other consideration. We agreed to give all instructions to the Trustee in writing, signed by the Chairman of
the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer or Secretary. In addition, the Trustee shall be entitled to rely on, and shall
be protected in relying on, any verbal or telephonic advice or instruction which it, in good faith and with reasonable care, believes
to be given by any one of the persons authorized to give written instructions, provided that we shall promptly confirm such instructions
in writing. We will Pay the Trustee the fees set forth in the agreement, including an initial acceptance fee, annual administration fee,
and transaction processing fee which fees shall be subject to modification by the parties from time to time. 

In connection with the Annual Meeting held on
September 26, 2024, the Company amended its investment management trust agreement, dated as of March 28, 2023, by and between the Company
and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, to allow the Company to extend the date by which the Company must consummate a business
combination up to twelve times, each such extension for an additional one month period, until September 30, 2025 and to remove the provision
in permitting the withdrawal of 100,000 of dissolution expenses from the trust account of the Company. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

Certain of our accounting policies require that
management apply significant judgments in defining the appropriate assumptions integral to financial estimates. On an ongoing basis, management
reviews the accounting policies, assumptions, estimates and judgments to ensure that our financial statements are presented fairly and
in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Judgments are based on historical experience, terms of existing contracts, industry trends and information
available from outside sources, as appropriate. Some of the more significant estimates are in connection with determining the fair value
of the stock-based compensation and the derivative financial instruments at the time of the initial public offering. However, by their
nature, judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty, and, therefore, actual results could differ from our estimates. We
have identified the following critical accounting estimates: 

Stock-Based Compensation 

We adopted ASC Topic 718, Compensation Stock
Compensation, guidance to account for its stock-based compensation. It defines a fair value-based method of accounting for an employee
stock option or similar equity instrument. We recognize all forms of share-based payments, including stock option grants, warrants and
restricted stock grants, at their fair value on the grant date, which are based on the estimated number of awards that are ultimately
expected to vest. Share-based payments, excluding restricted stock, are valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. Grants of share-based
payment awards issued to non-employees for services rendered have been recorded at the fair value of the share-based payment, which is
the more readily determinable value. The grants are amortized on a straight-line basis over the requisite service periods, which is generally
the vesting period. If an award is granted, but vesting does not occur, any previously recognized compensation cost is reversed in the
period related to the termination of service. Stock-based compensation expenses are included in costs and operating expenses depending
on the nature of the services provided in the statement of operations. On March 28, 2023, the Chief Financial Officer and three directors
(the subscribers entered into subscription agreements with the Sponsor for an interest in the Sponsor company for their
own investment purposes. The interest is backed by our Class A common stock owned as of March 28, 2023, the date of issuance. As such,
the subscribers will participate in the profits or losses of the Sponsor company though date of liquidation. The subscription into interests
of the Class A common stock founder shares to the management and directors is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock
Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured
at fair value upon the grant date. The 47,500 Class A common stock which support the subscription interests of management and the directors
has a fair value of 207,087 or 4.36 per share, which has been recorded as stock-based compensation. The fair value was determined using
a Monte Carlo Model with a volatility of 7.2 , risk-free rate of 3.97 and a stock price of 9.89 as of the valuation date of March 28,
2023. 

25 

Derivative Financial Instruments 

We accounted for Rights as equity-classified instruments
based on an assessment of the Rights specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in FASB ASC Topic 815, Derivatives
and Hedging . The assessment considered whether the Rights were freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, met the
definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the Rights met all the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815,
including whether the Rights were indexed to the Company s own shares of common stock, among other conditions for the equity classification.
The rights were valued based on market comparables. The following criteria was utilized to select comparable Special Purpose Acquisition
Companies who were pre-business combination and included rights as part of their units that were publicly trading with significant time
remaining to complete their initial business combination: 

Criteria 
 Low 
 High 
 
 IPO Proceeds (in millions of dollars) 
 50 
 240 
 
 Warrant Coverage 
 
 1.0 
 
 Rights Coverage (per unit) 
 0.05 
 0.20 
 
 Remaining Months to Complete 
 
 13 

The appraiser utilized the median market price
of 0.108 as the fair value of the Rights included in the initial public offering. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09,
Income Taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosures (ASU 2023-09), which requires disclosure of incremental income tax information
within the rate reconciliation and expanded disclosures of income taxes paid, among other disclosure requirements. ASU 2023-09 is effective
for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. Our management does not believe the adoption of ASU 2023-09
will have a material impact on our financial statements and disclosures. 

Management does not believe that any other recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

JOBS Act 

The Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012
(the JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public
companies. We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting
pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We adopted ASU 2016-13 on January 1, 2023, and
we are electing to delay the adoption of other new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised
accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result,
the financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company
effective dates. 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating
the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth
in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among
other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to
Section 404,(ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank
Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information
about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related
items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median
employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our Initial Public Offering
or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

26 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk 

As a smaller reporting company we are not required to make disclosures
under this Item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term
is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal
financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed
by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the
SEC s rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There were no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal
quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

27 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this report include the risk factors described in our final prospectus for our Initial Public Offering
filed with the SEC. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial
condition. As of the date of this Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in our final prospectus for
its Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in our Initial Public Offering and private placement, see Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report. There has been no material
change in the planned use of the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and private placement as is described in the Company s
final prospectus related to the Initial Public Offering. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None 

Item 5. Other Information 

28 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or
incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

29 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange
Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

TRAILBLAZER MERGER CORPORATION I 

Date: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Arie Rabinowitz 

Name: 
 Arie Rabinowitz 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Scott Burell 

Name: 
 Scott Burell 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

30 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021904801ex31-1_trailblaz1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Arie Rabinowitz, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Trailblazer Merger Corporation I; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a)); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

/s/ Arie Rabinowitz 

Arie Rabinowitz 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021904801ex31-2_trailblaz1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Scott Burell, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Trailblazer Merger Corporation I; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a)); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

/s/ Scott Burell 

Scott Burell 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021904801ex32-1_trailblaz1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Trailblazer
Merger Corporation I (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Arie Rabinowitz, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 

/s/ Arie Rabinowitz 

Arie Rabinowitz 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021904801ex32-2_trailblaz1.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Trailblazer
Merger Corporation I (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Scott Burell, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 

/s/ Scott Burell 

Scott Burell 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 tbmcu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 tbmcu-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 tbmcu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 tbmcu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 tbmcu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

