<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241018_10-Q_edgar_data_1574197_0001574197-24-000082.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8954197</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>141736</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1477997</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3298167</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1988136</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1878842</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001574197-24-000082.hdr.sgml : 20241018
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241018161812
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001574197-24-000082
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241018
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241018

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Five Point Holdings, LLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001574197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				270599397
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38088
		FILM NUMBER:		241380973

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 FIVEPOINT, 4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(949) 349-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2000 FIVEPOINT, 4TH FLOOR
		CITY:			IRVINE
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			92618

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Newhall Holding Company, LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20130411

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001574197-24-000082.txt : 20241018

10-Q
 1
 fph-20240930.htm
 10-Q

fph-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 (Zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Not Applicable 
 (Former name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 11, 2024, Class A common shares and Class B common shares were outstanding. 

FIVE POINT HOLDINGS, LLC 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 FORM 10-Q 
 Page 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 1 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 3 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Capital for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended Se ptember 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 ITEM 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 ITEM 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 ITEM 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 41 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 ITEM 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 42 
 ITEM 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 42 
 ITEM 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 42 
 ITEM 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 42 
 ITEM 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 42 
 ITEM 5. 
 Other Information 
 42 
 ITEM 6. 
 Exhibits 
 43 
 Signatures 
 44 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This report contains forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These statements concern expectations, beliefs, projections, plans and strategies, anticipated events or trends and similar expressions concerning matters that are not historical facts. When used, the words anticipate, believe, expect, intend, may, might, plan, estimate, project, should, will, would, result and similar expressions that do not relate solely to historical matters are intended to identify forward-looking statements. This report may contain forward-looking statements regarding: our expectations of our future revenues, costs and financial performance; the impact of inflation and interest rates; future demographics and market conditions, including housing supply levels, in the areas where our communities are located; the outcome of pending litigation and its effect on our operations; the timing of our development activities; and the timing of future real estate purchases or sales, including anticipated deliveries of homesites and anticipated amenities in our communities. 
 We caution you that any forward-looking statements presented in this report are based on our current views and information currently available to us. Forward-looking statements are subject to risks, trends, uncertainties and factors that are beyond our control. We believe these risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 risks associated with the real estate industry; 
 downturns in economic conditions or demographic changes at the national, regional or local levels, particularly in the areas where our properties are located; 
 uncertainty and risks related to zoning and land use laws and regulations, including environmental planning and protection laws; 
 risks associated with development and construction projects; 
 adverse developments in the economic, political, competitive or regulatory climate of California; 
 loss of key personnel; 
 uncertainties and risks related to adverse weather conditions, natural disasters and climate change; 
 fluctuations in interest rates; 
 the availability of cash for distribution and debt service and exposure to risk of default under debt obligations; 
 exposure to liability relating to environmental and health and safety matters; 
 uncertainties and risks related to public health issues such as a major epidemic or pandemic; 
 exposure to litigation or other claims; 
 insufficient amounts of insurance or exposure to events that are either uninsured or underinsured; 
 intense competition in the real estate market and our ability to sell properties at desirable prices; 
 fluctuations in real estate values; 
 changes in property taxes; 
 risks associated with our trademarks, trade names and service marks; 
 conflicts of interest with our directors; 
 general volatility of the capital and credit markets and the price of our Class A common shares; and 
 risks associated with public or private financing or the unavailability thereof. 
 Please see Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as well as other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, for a more detailed discussion of these and other risks. 
 Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary materially from those anticipated, estimated or projected. We caution you therefore against relying on any of these forward-looking statements. 
 While forward-looking statements reflect our good faith beliefs, they are not guarantees of future performance. They are based on estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement to reflect changes in underlying assumptions or factors, new information, data or methods, future events or other changes, except as required by applicable law. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. Financial Statements 

FIVE POINT HOLDINGS, LLC 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except shares) 
 (Unaudited) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS 
 INVENTORIES 
 INVESTMENT IN UNCONSOLIDATED ENTITIES 
 PROPERTIES AND EQUIPMENT, NET 
 INTANGIBLE ASSET, NET RELATED PARTY 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS 
 RESTRICTED CASH AND CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT 
 RELATED PARTY ASSETS 
 OTHER ASSETS 
 TOTAL 
 LIABILITIES AND CAPITAL 
 LIABILITIES: 
 Notes payable, net 
 Accounts payable and other liabilities 
 Related party liabilities 
 Deferred income tax liability, net 
 Payable pursuant to tax receivable agreement 
 Total liabilities 
 COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENT LIABILITIES (Note 11) CAPITAL: 
 Class A common shares; No par value; Issued and outstanding: September 30, 2024 shares; December 31, 2023 shares 
 Class B common shares; No par value; Issued and outstanding: September 30, 2024 shares; December 31, 2023 shares 
 Contributed capital 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Total members capital 
 Noncontrolling interests 
 Total capital 
 TOTAL 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 FIVE POINT HOLDINGS, LLC 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 REVENUES: 
 Land sales 
 Land sales related party 
 Management services related party 
 Operating properties 
 Total revenues 
 COSTS AND EXPENSES: 
 Land sales 
 Management services 
 Operating properties 
 Selling, general, and administrative 
 Total costs and expenses 
 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): Interest income 
 Miscellaneous 
 ) Total other income EQUITY IN EARNINGS (LOSS) FROM UNCONSOLIDATED ENTITIES ) INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX PROVISION INCOME TAX PROVISION ) ) ) ) NET INCOME LESS NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE COMPANY NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE COMPANY PER CLASS A SHARE Basic Diluted 
 WEIGHTED AVERAGE CLASS A SHARES OUTSTANDING 
 Basic Diluted 
 NET INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE COMPANY PER CLASS B SHARE Basic and diluted 
 WEIGHTED AVERAGE CLASS B SHARES OUTSTANDING 
 Basic and diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 FIVE POINT HOLDINGS, LLC 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 NET INCOME OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME: 
 Reclassification of actuarial loss on defined benefit pension plan included in net income Other comprehensive income before taxes 
 INCOME TAX PROVISION RELATED TO OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 ) ) OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME Net of tax 
 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME LESS COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO NONCONTROLLING INTERESTS COMPREHENSIVE INCOME ATTRIBUTABLE TO THE COMPANY 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

Table of Contents 

 FIVE POINT HOLDINGS, LLC 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CAPITAL 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) Class A Common Shares Class B Common Shares Contributed Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Members Capital Noncontrolling Interests Total Capital BALANCE - June 30, 2024 ) Net income Share-based compensation expense 
 Other comprehensive income net of tax of 
 Tax distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) BALANCE - September 30, 2024 ) BALANCE - June 30, 2023 ) Net income Share-based compensation expense 
 Other comprehensive income net of tax of 
 Tax distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) BALANCE - September 30, 2023 ) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 FIVE POINT HOLDINGS, LLC 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CAPITAL 
 (In thousands, except share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) Class A Common Shares Class B Common Shares Contributed Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Members Capital Noncontrolling Interests Total Capital BALANCE - December 31, 2023 ) Net income Share-based compensation expense 
 Reacquisition of share-based compensation awards for tax-withholding purposes 
 ) ) ) ) Issuance of share-based compensation awards Settlement of restricted share units for Class A common shares 
 Other comprehensive income net of tax of 
 Tax distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Adjustment to liability recognized under tax receivable agreement net of tax of 
 ) ) ) Adjustment of noncontrolling interest in the Operating Company 
 ) ) BALANCE - September 30, 2024 ) BALANCE - December 31, 2022 ) Net income Share-based compensation expense 
 Reacquisition of share-based compensation awards for tax-withholding purposes 
 ) ) ) ) Issuance of share-based compensation awards, net of forfeitures Other comprehensive income net of tax of 
 Tax distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Adjustment to liability recognized under tax receivable agreement net of tax of 
 ) ) ) Adjustment of noncontrolling interest in the Operating Company 
 ) ) BALANCE - September 30, 2023 ) 

See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 FIVE POINT HOLDINGS, LLC 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash (used in) provided by operating activities: Equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities ) ) Return on investment from Great Park Venture Deferred income taxes Depreciation and amortization Share-based compensation Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Inventories ) ) Related party assets ) Other assets ) Accounts payable and other liabilities Related party liabilities ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Return of investment from Great Park Venture Return of investment from Valencia Landbank Venture Purchase of properties and equipment ) Net cash provided by investing activities CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Payment of financing costs ) Related party reimbursement obligation ) Reacquisition of share-based compensation awards for tax-withholding purposes ) ) Repayments of notes payable ) Tax distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) NET (DECREASE) INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH Beginning of period CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS, AND RESTRICTED CASH End of period 
 SUPPLEMENTAL CASH FLOW INFORMATION (Note 12) 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 FIVE POINT HOLDINGS, LLC 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of shareholders, and are both entitled to receive distributions at the same time. However, the distributions paid to holders of Class B common shares are in an amount per share equal to multiplied by the amount paid per Class A common share. 
 The Company presents noncontrolling interests on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet and classifies such interests within capital but separate from the Company s Class A and Class B members capital. Noncontrolling interests represent equity interests in the Company s consolidated subsidiaries held by partners in the Operating Company, excluding the Holding Company, and members in The Shipyard Communities, LLC (the San Francisco Venture ), excluding the Operating Company (see Note 5). 
 The Company has an entity structure in which the Company s two largest equity owners, Lennar Corporation Lennar and Castlelake, LP Castlelake ), and the Company s founder and Chairman Emeritus, Emile Haddad, separately hold, in addition to interests in the Company s common shares, equity interests in either or both the Operating Company or the San Francisco Venture that can be exchanged for, at the Company s option, either the Company s Class A common shares or cash. As disclosed in an Amendment No. 1 to Schedule 13D filed on October 10, 2024, affiliates of Castlelake have entered into a share purchase agreement (the Share Purchase Agreement with GFFP Holdings, LLC ("GFFP"), pursuant to which Castlelake has agreed to sell its Class A and Class B common shares, as well as its equity interests in the Operating Company and the San Francisco Venture to GFFP. The sale is expected to close once the conditions to closing set forth in the Share Purchase Agreement are satisfied. The diagram below presents a simplified depiction of the Company s organizational structure as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 (1) A wholly owned subsidiary of the Holding Company serves as the sole managing general partner of the Operating Company. As of September 30, 2024, the Company owned approximately of the outstanding Class A Common Units of the Operating Company. After a one year holding period, a holder of Class A Common Units of the Operating Company can exchange the units for, at the Company s option, either Class A common shares of the Holding Company, on a -for-one basis, or cash equal to the 
 
 7 

Table of Contents 
), the equity market capitalization of the Company was approximately million. 
 (2) The Operating Company owns all of the outstanding Class B units of the San Francisco Venture, the entity developing the Candlestick and The San Francisco Shipyard communities. The Class A units of the San Francisco Venture, which the Operating Company does not own, are intended to be economically equivalent to Class A Common Units of the Operating Company. As the holder of all outstanding Class B units of the San Francisco Venture, the Operating Company is entitled to receive of available cash from the San Francisco Venture after the holders of Class A units in the San Francisco Venture have received distributions equivalent to the distributions, if any, paid on Class A Common Units of the Operating Company. Class A units of the San Francisco Venture can be exchanged, on a -for-one basis, for Class A Common Units of the Operating Company (See Note 5). Until exchanged or redeemed through the Operating Company, the capital associated with Class A units of the San Francisco Venture is presented within noncontrolling interests on the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet. 
 (3) Together, the Operating Company, Five Point Communities, LP, a Delaware limited partnership FP LP ), and Five Point Communities Management, Inc., a Delaware corporation FP Inc. and together with FP LP, the Management Company own of Five Point Land, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company FPL ), the entity developing Valencia, a mixed-use planned community located in northern Los Angeles County, California. The Operating Company has a controlling interest in the Management Company. 
 (4) Interests in Heritage Fields LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Great Park Venture ), previously consisted of either Percentage Interests or Legacy Interests. Holders of the Legacy Interests were entitled to receive priority distributions up to an aggregate amount of million, all of which had been distributed as of September 30, 2024 (See Note 4), as a result of which, the Legacy Interests are no longer deemed to be outstanding. The Company owns a Percentage Interest in the Great Park Venture and serves as its administrative member. However, management of the Great Park Venture is vested in the voting members, who have a total of votes. Major decisions generally require the approval of at least of the votes of the voting members. The Company has votes, and the other voting members each have vote, so the Company is unable to approve any major decision without the consent or approval of at least two of the other voting members. The Company does not include the Great Park Venture as a consolidated subsidiary, but rather as an equity method investee, in its condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 (5) The Company owns a interest in Five Point Office Venture Holdings I, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Gateway Commercial Venture ). The Company manages the Gateway Commercial Venture, however, the manager s authority is limited. Major decisions by the Gateway Commercial Venture generally require unanimous approval by an executive committee composed of two people designated by the Company and two people designated by another investor. Some decisions require approval by all of the members of the Gateway Commercial Venture. The Company does not include the Gateway Commercial Venture as a consolidated subsidiary, but rather as an equity method investee, in its condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 2. 

8 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Other (1) 
 ) Total miscellaneous other income (expense) ) 
 (1) In January 2024, the Company settled an exchange offer on its million Senior Notes (see Note 9). For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred million in third party costs related to the debt modification, which is included in other in the table above. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 Management services related party 
 Operating properties Operating properties leasing revenues 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Valencia San Francisco Great Park (1) 
 Commercial (1) 
 Total Valencia San Francisco Great Park (1) 
 Commercial (1) 
 Total Land sales and land sales related party 
 Management services related party 
 Operating properties Operating properties leasing revenues 
 
 The opening and closing balances of the Company s contract assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were million million related party, see Note 8) and million million related party, see Note 8), respectively. The net increase of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 between the opening and closing balances of the Company s contract assets primarily resulted from additional incentive compensation revenue recognized during the period that resulted from changes in the estimated constrained transaction price of the Company s amended and restated development management agreement A R DMA with the Great Park Venture (see Note 8) partially offset by the receipt of marketing fees from homebuilders from prior period land sales and the receipt of million in incentive compensation payments from the Great Park Venture. 
 The opening and closing balances of the Company s contract assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were million million related party, see Note 8) and million million related party, see Note 8), respectively. The decrease of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 between the opening and closing balances of the Company s contract assets primarily resulted from the receipt of marketing fees from homebuilders from prior period land sales and the receipt of million in incentive compensation payments from the Great Park Venture partially offset by additional incentive compensation revenue earned during the period from the Company s A R DMA with the Great Park Venture (see Note 8). 
 The opening and closing balances of the Company s other receivables from contracts with customers and contract liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were insignificant. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 of the Great Park Venture s Percentage Interests as of September 30, 2024. Legacy Interest holders were entitled to receive priority distributions in an aggregate amount equal to million, which were satisfied as of December 31, 2021, and up to an additional million from participation in subsequent distributions. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Great Park Venture made aggregate distributions of million to holders of Legacy Interests and million to holders of Percentage Interests. The Company received million for its Percentage Interest. With the distributions to the holders of Legacy Interests during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Great Park Venture fully satisfied the million maximum participating Legacy Interest distribution rights, as a result of which, the Legacy Interests are no longer deemed to be outstanding. 
 The Great Park Venture is the owner of Great Park Neighborhoods, a mixed-use planned community located in Orange County, California. The Company, through the A R DMA, as amended, manages the planning, development and sale of land at the Great Park Neighborhoods and supervises the day-to-day affairs of the Great Park Venture. The Great Park Venture is governed by an executive committee of representatives appointed by only the holders of Percentage Interests. The Company serves as the administrative member but does not control the actions of the executive committee. The Company accounts for its investment in the Great Park Venture using the equity method of accounting. 
 The carrying value of the Company s investment in the Great Park Venture is higher than the Company s underlying share of equity in the carrying value of net assets of the Great Park Venture, resulting in a basis difference. The Company s earnings or losses from the equity method investment are adjusted by amortization and accretion of the basis differences as the assets (mainly inventory) and liabilities that gave rise to the basis difference are sold, settled or amortized. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Great Park Venture recognized million in land sale revenues to related parties of the Company and million in land sale revenues to third parties. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Great Park Venture recognized million in land sale revenues to related parties of the Company and million in land sale revenues to third parties, of which million relates to homesites sold to an unaffiliated land banking entity whereby a related party of the Company retained the option to acquire these homesites in the future from the land bank entity. 
 Cost of land sales 
 ) ) Other costs and expenses 
 ) ) Net income of Great Park Venture The Company s share of net income Basis difference amortization, net ) ) Equity in earnings from Great Park Venture 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Contract assets, receivables and other assets, net Total assets 
 Accounts payable and other liabilities 
 Redeemable Legacy Interests 
 Capital (Percentage Interest) 
 Total liabilities and capital 
 The Company s share of capital in Great Park Venture 
 Unamortized basis difference 
 The Company s investment in the Great Park Venture 

Gateway Commercial Venture 
 The Company owned a interest in the Gateway Commercial Venture as of September 30, 2024. The Gateway Commercial Venture is governed by an executive committee in which the Company is entitled to appoint individuals. One of the other members of the Gateway Commercial Venture is also entitled to appoint individuals to the executive committee. The unanimous approval of the executive committee is required for certain matters, which limits the Company s ability to control the Gateway Commercial Venture, however, the Company is able to exercise significant influence and therefore accounts for its investment in the Gateway Commercial Venture using the equity method. The Company is the manager of the Gateway Commercial Venture, with responsibility to manage and administer its day-to-day affairs and implement a business plan approved by the executive committee. 
 The Gateway Commercial Venture owns commercial office building and approximately acres of commercial land with additional development rights at a acre office, medical, research and development campus located within the Great Park Neighborhoods (the Five Point Gateway Campus ). The Five Point Gateway Campus consists of buildings totaling approximately square feet. The Company and a subsidiary of Lennar lease portions of the building owned by the Gateway Commercial Venture, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Gateway Commercial Venture recognized million and million, respectively, in rental revenues from those leasing arrangements. 
 Rental operating and other expenses ) ) Depreciation and amortization ) ) Interest expense ) ) Net loss of Gateway Commercial Venture ) ) Equity in loss from Gateway Commercial Venture ) ) 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Cash and restricted cash Other assets Total assets Notes payable, net Other liabilities Members capital Total liabilities and capital The Company s investment in the Gateway Commercial Venture 
 In August 2023, the Gateway Commercial Venture refinanced its mortgage note, extending the maturity date to August 2025. As a condition of the refinancing, the Company is subject to certain guaranties of the Gateway Commercial Venture s mortgage note, including an interest and carry guaranty along with a springing guaranty of of the outstanding balance in the event the Gateway Commercial Venture s leases with either the Company or the affiliate of Lennar are no longer in effect and the Gateway Commercial Venture is unable to meet certain financial covenants. 
 Valencia Landbank Venture 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company owned a interest in the Valencia Landbank Venture, an entity organized in December 2020 for the purpose of taking assignment from homebuilders of purchase and sale agreements for the purchase of residential lots within the Valencia community. The Valencia Landbank Venture concurrently enters into option and development agreements with homebuilders pursuant to which the homebuilders retain the option to purchase the land to construct and sell homes. The Company does not have a controlling financial interest in the Valencia Landbank Venture, however, the Company has the ability to significantly influence the Valencia Landbank Venture s operating and financial policies, and most major decisions require the Company s approval in addition to the approval of the Valencia Landbank Venture s other unaffiliated member, and therefore the Company accounts for its investment in the Valencia Landbank Venture using the equity method. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company s investment in the Valencia Landbank Venture was million and million, respectively, and the Company recognized million and million in equity in earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 5. 
 of the outstanding Class A Common Units and of the outstanding Class B Common Units of the Operating Company. The Holding Company consolidates the financial results of the Operating Company and its subsidiaries and records a noncontrolling interest for the remaining of the outstanding Class A Common Units of the Operating Company that are owned separately by affiliates of Lennar, affiliates of Castlelake (see Note 1) and an entity controlled by Emile Haddad, the Company s Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors (the Management Partner ). 
 After a month holding period, holders of Class A Common Units of the Operating Company may exchange their units for, at the Company s option, either (i) Class A common shares on a -for-one basis (subject to adjustment in the event of share splits, distributions of shares, warrants or share rights, specified extraordinary distributions and similar events), or (ii) cash in an amount equal to the market value of such shares at the time of exchange. In either situation, an equal number of that holder s Class B common shares will automatically convert into Class A common shares, at a ratio of Class A common shares for each Class B common share. This exchange right is currently exercisable by all holders of outstanding Class A Common Units of the Operating Company. 
 With each exchange of Class A Common Units of the Operating Company for Class A common shares, the Holding Company s percentage ownership interest in the Operating Company and its share of the Operating Company s cash distributions and profits and losses will increase. Additionally, other issuances of common shares of the Holding Company or common units of the Operating Company result in changes to the noncontrolling interest percentage. Such equity transactions result in an adjustment between members capital and the noncontrolling interest in the Company s condensed consolidated balance sheet and statement of capital to account for the changes in the noncontrolling interest ownership percentage as well as any change in total net assets of the Company. 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Other partners (excluding the Holding Company) Total tax distributions 
 Generally, tax distributions are treated as advance distributions under the LPA and are taken into account when determining the amounts otherwise distributable under the LPA. 
 The San Francisco Venture 
 
 The San Francisco Venture has classes of units Class A, Class B and Class C units. The Operating Company owns all of the outstanding Class B units of the San Francisco Venture. All of the outstanding Class A units are owned by Lennar and Castlelake (see Note 1). The Class A units of the San Francisco Venture are intended to be substantially economically equivalent to the Class A Common Units of the Operating Company. The Class A units of the San Francisco Venture represent noncontrolling interests to the Operating Company. 
 Holders of Class A units of the San Francisco Venture can redeem their units at any time and receive Class A Common Units of the Operating Company on a -for-one basis (subject to adjustment in the event of share splits, distributions of shares, warrants or share rights, specified extraordinary distributions and similar events). If a holder requests a redemption of Class A units of the San Francisco Venture that would result in the Holding Company s ownership of the Operating Company falling below , the Holding Company has the option of satisfying the redemption with Class A common shares instead. The Company also has the option, at any time, to acquire outstanding Class A units of the San Francisco Venture in exchange for Class A Common Units of the Operating Company. The month holding period for any Class A Common Units of the Operating Company issued in exchange for Class A units of the San Francisco Venture is calculated by including the period that such Class A units of the San Francisco Venture were owned. This exchange right is currently exercisable by all holders of outstanding Class A units of the San Francisco Venture. 
 Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest 
 million Class C units to an affiliate of Lennar in exchange for a contribution of million to the San Francisco Venture. Provided that Lennar completes the construction of a certain number of new homes in Candlestick as contemplated under purchase and sale agreements with the Company, the San Francisco Venture is required to redeem the Class C units if and when the Company receives reimbursements from the Mello-Roos community facilities district formed for the development, in an aggregate amount equal to 50 of any reimbursements received up to a maximum amount of million. The San Francisco Venture also maintains the ability to redeem the then outstanding balance of Class C units for cash at any time. Upon a liquidation of the San Francisco Venture, the holders of Class C Units are entitled to a liquidation preference. The maximum amount payable by the San Francisco Venture pursuant to redemptions or liquidation of the Class C units is million. The holders of Class C units are not entitled to receive any other forms of distributions and are not entitled to any voting rights. In connection with the issuance of the Class C units, the San Francisco Venture agreed to spend million on the development of infrastructure and/or parking facilities at the Company s Candlestick development. At each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million of Class C units were outstanding and included in redeemable noncontrolling interest on the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 6. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 of any such distributions made (assuming no distributions had been paid on the Class A Common Units of the Operating Company). In addition, the San Francisco Venture is only allowed to make a capital call on the Operating Company and not any other interest holders, which could be a significant financial risk to the Operating Company. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the San Francisco Venture had total combined assets of billion, primarily comprised of billion of inventories and million in related party assets, and total combined liabilities of million, including million in related party liabilities. 
 As of December 31, 2023, the San Francisco Venture had total combined assets of billion, primarily comprised of billion of inventories and million in related party assets, and total combined liabilities of million, including million in related party liabilities. 
 Those assets are owned by, and those liabilities are obligations of, the San Francisco Venture, not the Company. The San Francisco Venture s operating subsidiaries are not guarantors of the Company s obligations, and the assets held by the San Francisco Venture s operating subsidiaries may only be used as collateral for the obligations of the operating subsidiaries. The creditors of the San Francisco Venture do not have recourse to the assets of the Operating Company, as the VIE s primary beneficiary, or of the Holding Company. 
 The Company and the other members do not generally have an obligation to make capital contributions to the San Francisco Venture. In addition, there are no liquidity arrangements or agreements to fund capital or purchase assets that could require the Company to provide financial support to the San Francisco Venture. The Company does not guarantee any debt of the San Francisco Venture. However, the Operating Company has guaranteed the performance of payment by the San Francisco Venture in accordance with the redemption terms of the Class C units of the San Francisco Venture (see Note 5). 
 FP LP and FPL are VIEs because the other partners or members have disproportionately fewer voting rights, and substantially all of the activities of the entities are conducted on behalf of the other partners or members and their related parties. The Operating Company, or a wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Company, is the primary beneficiary of FP LP and FPL. 
 As of September 30, 2024, FP LP and FPL had combined assets of billion, primarily comprised of million of inventories, million of intangibles and million in related party assets, and total combined liabilities of million, including million in accounts payable and other liabilities and million in related party liabilities. 
 As of December 31, 2023, FP LP and FPL had combined assets of billion, primarily comprised of million of inventories, million of intangibles and million in related party assets, and total combined liabilities of million, including million in accounts payable and other liabilities and million in related party liabilities. 
 The Company evaluates its primary beneficiary designation on an ongoing basis and assesses the appropriateness of the VIE s status when events have occurred that would trigger such an analysis. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, there were no VIEs that were deconsolidated. 
 
 7. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Accumulated amortization ) ) Net book value 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Amortization expense is included in the cost of management services in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations and is included in the Great Park segment. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 Operating lease right-of-use asset (corporate office lease at Five Point Gateway Campus) Other 
 Related Party Liabilities: 
 Reimbursement obligation 
 Payable to holders of Management Company s Class B interests 
 Operating lease liability (corporate office lease at Five Point Gateway Campus) Accrued advisory fees Other 
 
 Development Management Agreement with the Great Park Venture (Incentive Compensation Contract Asset) 
 In 2010, the Great Park Venture, the Company s equity method investee, engaged the Management Company under a development management agreement to provide management services to the Great Park Venture. The compensation structure in place consists of a base fee and incentive compensation. Incentive compensation is of distributions available to be made by the Great Park Venture to its Legacy and Percentage Interest Holders. In December 2022, the Company and the Great Park Venture entered into a second amendment to the A R DMA establishing the terms of service through December 31, 2024 (the First Renewal Term ). In September 2024, the Company and the Great Park Venture entered into a third amendment to the A R DMA. Under the third amendment, the term of the A R DMA has been renewed through December 31, 2026 (the Second Renewal Term ). The compensation payable to the Company during the Second Renewal Term includes a million annual fixed base fee beginning in 2025, which reflects an increase from the current million annual fixed base fee under the First Renewal Term, and incentive compensation payments. The incentive compensation provisions of the A R DMA were not changed pursuant to the third amendment. If the A R DMA is not extended by mutual agreement of the parties beyond December 31, 2026 and the Company is no longer providing management services subsequent to December 31, 2026, the Company will be entitled to of distributions paid thereafter. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Great Park Venture made Legacy Incentive Compensation payments to the Company of million and Non-Legacy Incentive Compensation payments of million. Upon receiving the Legacy Incentive Compensation payments, the Company distributed the million in proceeds to the holders of the Management Company s Class B interests. As of September 30, 2024, the holders of the Management Company s Class B interests had no further distribution rights. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, included in contract assets in the table above is million and million, respectively, attributed to incentive compensation revenue recognized but not yet due (see Note 3). Management fee revenues under the A R DMA are included in management services related party in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations and are included in the Great Park segment. Management fee revenues under the A R DMA were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 9. 
 initial rate New Senior Notes due 2028 
 Senior Notes due 2025 
 Unamortized premium Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) 
 Senior Notes 
 The Operating Company and Five Point Capital Corp., a directly wholly owned subsidiary of the Operating Company (the Co-Issuer and, together with the Operating Company, the Issuers ), previously offered, sold and issued million aggregate principal amount of unsecured senior notes due November 15, 2025 (the Senior Notes ). 
 The Senior Notes are guaranteed, jointly and severally, by certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Operating Company and are redeemable at the option of the Issuers, in whole or in part, at par, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 On January 16, 2024, the Issuers settled an exchange offer to exchange any and all of the Senior Notes for new initial rate senior notes due January 15, 2028 (the New Senior Notes ). Pursuant to the exchange offer, the Issuers exchanged million aggregate principal amount of Senior Notes, which represented of the existing Senior Notes outstanding immediately prior to the exchange offer, for million aggregate principal amount of New Senior Notes and million of aggregate cash consideration, plus accrued interest. The New Senior Notes accrue interest at a rate of per annum from and including January 16, 2024 to, but not including, November 15, 2025, per annum from and including November 15, 2025 to, but not including, November 15, 2026, and per annum from and including November 15, 2026 to, but not including, January 15, 2028. Interest on the New Senior Notes is payable semi-annually on each May 15 and November 15, commencing May 15, 2024. The exchange was accounted for as a debt modification under ASC 470-50 as the terms of the New Senior Notes were not substantially different from the terms of the Senior Notes. Under debt modification accounting, third party costs are expensed as incurred. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company expensed million in third party transaction and advisory costs incurred in connection with the exchange. Debt issuance costs and premium are amortized over the term of the New Senior Notes using the effective interest method. The New Senior Notes are guaranteed, jointly and severally, by certain direct and indirect subsidiaries of the Operating Company and are redeemable at the option of the Issuers, in whole or in part, at a declining call premium as set forth in the indenture governing the New Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 The Operating Company has a million unsecured revolving credit facility, with million of the commitments under the revolving credit facility maturing in July 2027 and the remaining million commitment maturing in April 2026. Any borrowings under the revolving credit agreement will bear interest at CME Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate 1 Month increased by plus a margin of either or based on the Company s leverage ratio. The revolving credit facility includes an accordion feature that allows the Operating Company to increase the maximum aggregate commitments up to million, subject to certain conditions, including the receipt of commitments from the lenders. As of September 30, 2024, borrowings or letters of credit were outstanding on the Operating Company s revolving credit facility. 
 
 10. 
 million and million, respectively, for payments expected to be made under certain components of the TRA which the Company deems to be probable and estimable. TRA payments were made during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 and related party, respectively) 
 Operating lease liabilities and related party, respectively) 
 
 In addition to operating lease payment guarantees, the Holding Company had other contractual payment guarantees as of September 30, 2024 totaling million. 
 Performance and Completion Bonding Agreements 
 In the ordinary course of business and as a part of the entitlement and development process, the Company is required to provide performance bonds to ensure completion of certain of the Company s development obligations. The Company had outstanding performance bonds of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Candlestick and The San Francisco Shipyard Disposition and Development Agreement 
 The San Francisco Venture is a party to a disposition and development agreement with the Successor to the Redevelopment Agency of the City and County of San Francisco (the San Francisco Agency in which the San Francisco Agency has agreed to convey portions of Candlestick and The San Francisco Shipyard to the San Francisco Venture for development. The San Francisco Venture has agreed to reimburse the San Francisco Agency for reasonable costs and expenses actually incurred and paid by the San Francisco Agency in performing its obligations under the disposition and development agreement. The San Francisco Agency can also earn a return of certain profits generated from the development and sale of Candlestick and The San Francisco Shipyard if certain thresholds are met. 
 At each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the San Francisco Venture had outstanding guarantees benefiting the San Francisco Agency for infrastructure and construction of certain park and open space obligations with aggregate maximum obligations of million. 
 Letters of Credit 
 At each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had outstanding letters of credit totaling million. These letters of credit were issued to secure various development and financial obligations. At each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had restricted cash and certificates of deposit of million pledged as collateral under certain of the letters of credit agreements. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 Hunters Point Litigation 
 In May 2018, residents of the Bayview Hunters Point neighborhood in San Francisco filed a putative class action in San Francisco Superior Court naming Tetra Tech, Inc. and Tetra Tech EC, Inc., an independent contractor hired by the U.S. Navy to conduct testing and remediation of toxic radiological waste at The San Francisco Shipyard Tetra Tech ), Lennar and the Company as defendants (the Bayview Action ). The plaintiffs allege that, among other things, Tetra Tech fraudulently misrepresented its test results and remediation efforts. The plaintiffs are seeking damages against Tetra Tech and the Company and have requested an injunction to prevent the Company and Lennar from undertaking any development activities at The San Francisco Shipyard. The Company believes that it has meritorious defenses to the allegations in the Bayview Action and may have insurance and indemnification rights against third parties with respect to the claims. 
 Other 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

12. 
 Cash paid for income taxes, net Noncash lease expense NONCASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Adjustment to operating lease right-of-use assets from lease modification ) Adjustment to liability recognized under TRA Senior Notes due 2025 exchanged for New Senior Notes due 2028 (see Note 9) 
 Noncash lease expense is included within the depreciation and amortization adjustment to net income on the Company s condensed consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 Restricted cash and certificates of deposit Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash shown in the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows 
 Amounts included in restricted cash and certificates of deposit represent amounts held as collateral on open letters of credit related to development obligations or because of other contractual obligations of the Company that require the restriction. 
 
 13. 
 Percentage Interest in the Great Park Venture and accounted for the investment under the equity method. The reported segment information for the Great Park segment includes the results of 100 of the Great Park Venture at the historical basis of the venture, which did not apply push down accounting at acquisition date. The Great Park segment derives revenues at the Great Park Neighborhoods from sales of residential and commercial land sites to homebuilders, commercial developers and commercial buyers and management services provided by the Company to the Great Park Venture. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 square foot office building at the Five Point Gateway Campus. The Five Point Gateway Campus is an office, medical and research and development campus located within the Great Park Neighborhoods and consists of buildings and surrounding land. The Company and a subsidiary of Lennar lease portions of the building owned by the Gateway Commercial Venture. The Gateway Commercial Venture also owns approximately acres of the surrounding commercial land with additional development rights at the campus. This segment also includes property management services provided by the Management Company to the Gateway Commercial Venture. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a interest in the Gateway Commercial Venture and accounted for the investment under the equity method. The reported segment information for the Commercial segment includes the results of 100 of the Gateway Commercial Venture at the historical basis of the venture. 
 ) ) San Francisco 
 ) ) ) ) Great Park 
 Commercial 
 ) ) ) ) Total reportable segments Reconciling items: 
 Removal of results of unconsolidated entities Great Park Venture (1) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Gateway Commercial Venture (1) ) ) ) ) Add equity in earnings (losses) from unconsolidated entities Great Park Venture ) Gateway Commercial Venture ) ) ) ) Corporate and unallocated (2) 
 ) ) ) ) Total consolidated balances 

21 

Table of Contents 

 San Francisco 
 Great Park 
 Commercial 
 Total reportable segments Reconciling items: 
 Removal of unconsolidated balances of Great Park Venture (1) 
 ) ) Removal of unconsolidated balances of Gateway Commercial Venture (1) 
 ) ) Other eliminations (2) 
 ) ) Add investment balance in Great Park Venture 
 Add investment balance in Gateway Commercial Venture 
 Corporate and unallocated (3) 
 Total consolidated balances 

(1) Represents the removal of the Great Park Venture and Gateway Commercial Venture balances, which are included in the Great Park segment and Commercial segment balances at 100 of each venture s historical basis, respectively, but are not included in the Company s consolidated balances as the Company accounts for its investment in each venture using the equity method of accounting. 
 (2) Represents intersegment balances that eliminate in consolidation. 

14. 
 Granted 
 Forfeited 
 Vested 
 ) Nonvested at September 30, 2024 
 
 Share-based compensation expense was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Share-based compensation expense is included in selling, general, and administrative expenses on the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 The estimated fair value at vesting of share-based awards that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company reacquired vested restricted Class A common shares for million and million, respectively, for the purpose of settling tax withholding obligations of employees. The reacquisition cost is based on the fair value of the Company s Class A common shares on the date the tax obligation is incurred. 
 
 15. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Expected return on plan assets 
 ) ) ) ) Amortization of net actuarial loss 
 Net periodic (benefit) cost ) ) 

16. 
 million provision for income taxes on pre-tax income of million. In the three months ended September 30, 2023, other than a small income tax provision attributed to one of the Company s consolidated subsidiary corporations, the Company recorded provision or benefit for income taxes (after application of a decrease in the Company s valuation allowance) on pre-tax income of million. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a million provision for income taxes on pre-tax income of million. In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, other than a small income tax provision attributed to one of the Company s consolidated subsidiary corporations, the Company recorded provision or benefit for income taxes (after application of a decrease in the Company s valuation allowance) on pre-tax income of million. 
 The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was higher than in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to the Company s valuation allowance, which was released during the year ended December 31, 2023. The effective tax rates for both the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 differ from the 21 federal statutory rate and applicable state statutory rates primarily due to the disallowance of executive compensation expenses not deductible for tax and to the pre-tax portion of income and losses that are passed through to the other partners of the Operating Company and the San Francisco Venture. 
 
 17. 
 million, compared to a carrying value of million. At December 31, 2023, the estimated fair value of notes payable, 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million, compared to a carrying value of million. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had no assets that were measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. 
 
 18. 
 of the distributions paid on each Class A common share. Under the two-class method, the Company s net income available to common shareholders is allocated between the two classes of common shares on a fully-distributed basis and reflects residual net income after amounts attributed to noncontrolling interests. In the event of a net loss, the Company determined that both classes share in the Company s losses, and they share in the losses using the same mechanism as the distributions. The Company also has restricted share awards that have a right to non-forfeitable dividends while unvested and are contemplated as participating when the Company is in a net income position. These awards participate in distributions on a basis equivalent to other Class A common shares but do not participate in losses. 
 No distributions on common shares were declared for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 Diluted income (loss) per share calculations for both Class A common shares and Class B common shares contemplate adjustments to the numerator and the denominator under the if-converted method for the convertible Class B common shares, the exchangeable Class A units of the San Francisco Venture and the exchangeable Class A Common Units of the Operating Company. The Company uses the treasury stock method or the two-class method when evaluating dilution for restricted stock units RSUs ), restricted shares, and performance restricted units and shares. The more dilutive of the two methods is included in the calculation for diluted income (loss) per share. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Adjustments to net income attributable to the Company ) ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Numerator basic common shares: 
 Net income attributable to common shareholders Less: net income allocated to participating securities 
 Allocation of basic net income among common shareholders Numerator for basic net income available to Class A common shareholders Numerator for basic net income available to Class B common shareholders Numerator diluted common shares: 
 Net income attributable to common shareholders Reallocation of income from dilutive potential securities Less: net income allocated to participating securities 
 Allocation of diluted net income among common shareholders Numerator for diluted net income available to Class A common shareholders Numerator for diluted net income available to Class B common shareholders Denominator: 
 Basic weighted average Class A common shares outstanding Diluted weighted average Class A common shares outstanding 
 Basic and diluted weighted average Class B common shares outstanding Basic earnings per share: Class A common shares 
 Class B common shares 
 Diluted earnings per share: Class A common shares 
 Class B common shares 
 Anti-dilutive potential RSUs 
 Anti-dilutive potential Performance RSUs 
 Anti-dilutive potential Restricted Shares (weighted average) 
 Anti-dilutive potential Class A common shares from exchanges (weighted average) 

19. 
 million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, net of tax benefits of million and million, respectively. Accumulated other comprehensive loss of million and million is included in noncontrolling interests at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Net actuarial gains or losses are re-determined annually or upon remeasurement events and principally arise from changes in the rate used to discount benefit obligations and differences between expected and actual returns on plan assets. Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income attributable to the Company related to amortization of net actuarial losses were approximately and , net of taxes, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and are included in miscellaneous other income (expense) in the accompanying condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 The following discussion contains management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations and should be read in conjunction with our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Part I, Item 1 of this report and our audited consolidated financial statements included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. Us, we, and our refer to Five Point Holdings, LLC, together with its consolidated subsidiaries. This discussion contains forward-looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described in the Risk Factors section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as well as other risks and uncertainties detailed from time to time in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Actual results could differ materially from those set forth in any forward-looking statements. See Cautionary Statement Regarding Forward-Looking Statements. 
 Overview 
 We conduct all of our business in or through our operating company, Five Point Operating Company, LP (the operating company ). We are, through a wholly owned subsidiary, the sole managing general partner and owned, as of September 30, 2024, approximately 62.6 of the operating company. The operating company directly or indirectly owns equity interests in: 
 Five Point Land, LLC, which owns The Newhall Land Farming Company, a California limited partnership, the entity that is developing Valencia, our community in northern Los Angeles County, California; 
 The Shipyard Communities, LLC (the San Francisco Venture ), which is developing Candlestick and The San Francisco Shipyard, our communities in the City of San Francisco, California; 
 Heritage Fields LLC (the Great Park Venture ), which is developing Great Park Neighborhoods, our community in Orange County, California; 
 Five Point Office Venture Holdings I, LLC (the Gateway Commercial Venture ), which owns portions of the Five Point Gateway Campus, a commercial office, research and development and medical campus located within the Great Park Neighborhoods; and 
 Five Point Communities, LP and Five Point Communities Management, Inc. (together, the management company ), which provide development and property management services for the Great Park Neighborhoods and the Five Point Gateway Campus. 
 The operating company consolidates and controls the management of all of these entities except for the Great Park Venture and the Gateway Commercial Venture. The operating company owns a 37.5 percentage interest in the Great Park Venture and a 75 interest in the Gateway Commercial Venture and accounts for its interest in both using the equity method. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Operational Highlights 
 We generated consolidated net income of 12.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net income of 14.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our net income for the quarter was largely driven by incentive compensation revenue recognized, and equity in earnings from, the Great Park Venture. We also continued to focus on execution of our three main priorities: generating revenue and positive cash flow; controlling our selling, general and administrative SG A costs; and managing our capital spend to match near-term revenue opportunities. SG A expenses totaled 11.9 million for each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. At September 30, 2024, we had 224.5 million in cash and 125.0 million available under our revolving credit facility, giving us total liquidity of 349.5 million. 
 Although the Federal Reserve announced a meaningful rate cut during the third quarter of 2024, mortgage rates generally remained elevated. Notwithstanding the challenging rate environment, we continued to see sustained demand for land from homebuilders at both of our active communities in Valencia and the Great Park Neighborhoods. The Great Park Venture, in which we have a 37.5 percentage interest and manage all aspects of the development cycle, closed two retail use commercial land sales totaling 12.8 acres at the Great Park Neighborhoods in the third quarter of 2024 for an aggregate gross purchase price of 25.4 million. We received 49.4 million in distributions and related payments from the Great Park Venture for both our ownership interests and incentive management fee compensation. We also extended the term of our development management agreement with the Great Park Venture through December 31, 2026, pursuant to which we increased the base management fee while maintaining incentive compensation at existing levels. We believe that the development management joint venture model we have utilized with the Great Park Venture can be extended to new communities and development projects. 
 At Valencia, guest builders sold 89 homes during the third quarter of 2024, compared to 84 homes during the second quarter of 2024, increasing total homes sold to 1,525 since sales began in May 2021. At the Great Park Neighborhoods, guest builders sold a total of 166 homes during the third quarter of 2024, compared to 63 homes during the second quarter of 2024. During the third quarter of 2024, homebuilders opened 10 new collections at the Great Park Neighborhoods that were well received by homebuyers leading to the increase in home sales in the third quarter compared to the second quarter of 2024. We expect demand in our chronically undersupplied housing markets to remain strong and to drive a strong finish to the year. While we did not have any scheduled residential land sale closing in the third quarter of 2024, we expect to close residential land sales in the fourth quarter of 2024 at both the Great Park Neighborhoods and Valencia. 

27 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 The timing of our land sale revenues is influenced by several factors, including the sequencing of the planning and development process and market conditions at our communities. As a result, we have historically experienced, and expect to continue to experience, variability in results of operations between comparable periods. 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated historical results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Statement of Operations Data 
 Revenues 
 Land sales 
 372 60,694 1,214 60,685 Land sales related party 
 595 Management services related party 
 16,030 4,502 75,035 29,512 Operating properties 
 611 727 1,891 2,181 Total revenues 
 17,013 65,923 78,140 92,973 Costs and expenses 
 Land sales 
 38,967 38,967 Management services 
 4,256 2,371 19,467 14,419 Operating properties 
 1,231 1,351 4,099 4,321 Selling, general, and administrative 
 11,911 11,938 37,013 38,400 Total costs and expenses 
 17,398 54,627 60,579 96,107 Other income (expense) Interest income 
 2,595 2,413 8,575 4,542 Miscellaneous 
 24 1,074 (5,857) 1,033 Total other income 2,619 3,487 2,718 5,575 Equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities 11,987 (622) 45,071 52,554 Income before income tax provision 14,221 14,161 65,350 54,995 Income tax provision (1,886) (3) (8,705) (16) Net income 12,335 14,158 56,645 54,979 Less net income attributable to noncontrolling interests 7,579 7,555 34,841 29,341 Net income attributable to the company 4,756 6,603 21,804 25,638 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenues. Revenues decreased by 48.9 million, or 74.2 , to 17.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 65.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in revenues was primarily due to land sales at our Valencia segment during the three months ended September 30, 2023 compared to no land sales during the same period in 2024, partially offset by an increase in management services revenue at our Great Park segment during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Cost of land sales. The cost of land sales for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was attributable to land sales at our Valencia segment. 
 Cost of management services. Cost of management services increased by 1.9 million, or 79.5 , to 4.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in intangible asset amortization expense at our Great Park segment. 
 Equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities. Our consolidated results reflect our share in the earnings or losses of our interests in our unconsolidated entities, including the Great Park Venture and the Gateway Commercial Venture, within equity in earnings (loss) from unconsolidated entities on our condensed consolidated statement of operations. Our segment results for the Great Park segment and the Commercial segment present the results of the Great Park Venture and the Gateway Commercial Venture at the book basis of the ventures within the respective segments. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities was 12.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, an increase from equity in loss of 0.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Equity in earnings for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily a result of recognizing our share of the net income generated by the Great Park Venture from land sales during the quarter, and the equity in loss for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily a result of recognizing our share of the net loss generated by the Great Park Venture during the period. 
 Income taxes. Pre-tax income of 14.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 resulted in a 1.9 million tax provision. Pre-tax income of 14.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 resulted in no tax provision (after application of a decrease in our valuation allowance of 1.9 million) other than a small tax provision incurred by one of our consolidated subsidiary corporations. We assessed the realization of our net deferred tax asset and the need for a valuation allowance and determined that at September 30, 2024, it was more likely than not that the net deferred tax asset would be realizable, and we had no valuation allowance recorded. Our effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was substantially similar to our effective tax rate, before changes in valuation allowance, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. Until exchanged for our Class A common shares or, at our election, cash, noncontrolling interests represent interests held by other partners in the operating company and members of the San Francisco Venture. Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interests on the condensed consolidated statement of operations represents the portion of income or losses attributable to the interests in our subsidiaries held by the noncontrolling interests. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Revenues. Revenues decreased by 14.8 million, or 16.0 , to 78.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 93.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in revenues was primarily due to land sales at our Valencia segment during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 compared to no land sales during the same period in 2024, partially offset by an increase in management services revenue at our Great Park segment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Cost of land sales. The cost of land sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was attributable to land sales at our Valencia segment. 
 Cost of management services. Cost of management services increased by 5.0 million, or 35.0 , to 19.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 14.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in intangible asset amortization expense at our Great Park segment. 
 Selling, general, and administrative. SG A expenses decreased by 1.4 million, or 3.6 , to 37.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 38.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was mainly attributable to a decrease in corporate general and administrative expenses. 
 Equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities. Our consolidated results reflect our share in the earnings or losses of our interests in our unconsolidated entities, including the Great Park Venture and the Gateway Commercial Venture, within equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities on our condensed consolidated statement of operations. Our segment results for the Great Park segment and the Commercial segment present the results of the Great Park Venture and the Gateway Commercial Venture at the book basis of the ventures within the respective segments. 
 Equity in earnings from unconsolidated entities was 45.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a decrease from earnings of 52.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Equity in earnings for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was primarily a result of recognizing our share of the net income generated by the Great Park Venture from land sales during each period. 
 Income taxes. Pre-tax income of 65.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 resulted in a 8.7 million tax provision. Pre-tax income of 55.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 resulted in no tax provision (after application of a decrease in our valuation allowance of 7.4 million) other than a small tax provision incurred by one of our consolidated subsidiary corporations. We assessed the realization of our net deferred tax asset and the need for a valuation allowance and determined that at September 30, 2024, it was more likely than not that the net deferred tax asset would be realizable, and we had no valuation allowance recorded. Our effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was substantially similar to our effective tax rate, before changes in valuation allowance, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests. Until exchanged for our Class A common shares or, at our election, cash, noncontrolling interests represent interests held by other partners in the operating company and members of the San Francisco Venture. Net income attributable to the noncontrolling interests on the condensed consolidated statement of operations represents the portion of income or losses attributable to the interests in our subsidiaries held by the noncontrolling interests. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Segment Results and Financial Information 
 Our four reportable operating segments include our three community segments, Valencia, San Francisco and Great Park, and our Commercial segment: 
 Our Valencia segment includes operating results related to the Valencia community and agricultural operations in Los Angeles and Ventura Counties, California. Our investment in the Valencia Landbank Venture is also reported in the Valencia segment. 
 Our San Francisco segment includes operating results for the Candlestick and The San Francisco Shipyard communities. 
 Our Great Park segment includes operating results for the Great Park Neighborhoods community as well as development management services provided by the management company for the Great Park Venture. 
 Our Commercial segment includes the operating results of the Gateway Commercial Venture s ownership in the Five Point Gateway Campus as well as property management services provided by the management company for the Gateway Commercial Venture. 
 The following tables reconcile the results of operations of our segments to our consolidated results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Valencia San Francisco Great Park Commercial Total reportable segments 
 Corporate and unallocated Total under management Removal of unconsolidated entities (1) 
 Total consolidated REVENUES: Land sales 372 58,291 58,663 58,663 (58,291) 372 Land sales related party 3,221 3,221 3,221 (3,221) Management services related party (2) 
 15,915 115 16,030 16,030 16,030 Operating properties 440 171 2,229 2,840 2,840 (2,229) 611 Total revenues 812 171 77,427 2,344 80,754 80,754 (63,741) 17,013 COSTS AND EXPENSES: Land sales 8,088 8,088 8,088 (8,088) Management services (2) 
 4,256 4,256 4,256 4,256 Operating properties 1,231 965 2,196 2,196 (965) 1,231 Selling, general, and administrative 2,407 1,232 3,144 1,059 7,842 8,272 16,114 (4,203) 11,911 Management fees related party 18,790 18,790 18,790 (18,790) Total costs and expenses 3,638 1,232 34,278 2,024 41,172 8,272 49,444 (32,046) 17,398 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): Interest income 19 1,912 73 2,004 2,576 4,580 (1,985) 2,595 Interest expense (694) (694) (694) 694 Miscellaneous 24 24 24 24 Total other income (expense) 24 19 1,912 (621) 1,334 2,576 3,910 (1,291) 2,619 EQUITY IN EARNINGS FROM UNCONSOLIDATED ENTITIES 211 211 211 11,776 11,987 SEGMENT (LOSS) PROFIT/INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX PROVISION (2,591) (1,042) 45,061 (301) 41,127 (5,696) 35,431 (21,210) 14,221 INCOME TAX PROVISION (1,886) (1,886) (1,886) SEGMENT (LOSS) PROFIT/NET INCOME (2,591) (1,042) 45,061 (301) 41,127 (7,582) 33,545 (21,210) 12,335 
 (1) Represents the removal of the Great Park Venture and Gateway Commercial Venture operating results, which are included in the Great Park segment and Commercial segment operating results at 100 of each venture s historical basis, respectively, but are not included in our consolidated results as we account for our investment in each venture using the equity method of accounting. 
 (2) For the Great Park and Commercial segments, represents the revenues and expenses attributable to the management company for providing services to the Great Park Venture and the Gateway Commercial Venture, as applicable. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Valencia San Francisco Great Park Commercial Total reportable segments 
 Corporate and unallocated Total under management Removal of unconsolidated entities (1) 
 Total consolidated REVENUES: Land sales 60,694 1,255 61,949 61,949 (1,255) 60,694 Land sales related party 2,021 2,021 2,021 (2,021) Management services related party (2) 
 4,392 110 4,502 4,502 4,502 Operating properties 562 165 2,154 2,881 2,881 (2,154) 727 Total revenues 61,256 165 7,668 2,264 71,353 71,353 (5,430) 65,923 COSTS AND EXPENSES: Land sales 38,967 38,967 38,967 38,967 Management services (2) 
 2,371 2,371 2,371 2,371 Operating properties 1,351 829 2,180 2,180 (829) 1,351 Selling, general, and administrative 2,539 1,033 2,289 1,097 6,958 8,366 15,324 (3,386) 11,938 Management fees related party 4,659 4,659 4,659 (4,659) Total costs and expenses 42,857 1,033 9,319 1,926 55,135 8,366 63,501 (8,874) 54,627 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): Interest income 6 1,964 25 1,995 2,407 4,402 (1,989) 2,413 Interest expense (721) (721) (721) 721 Miscellaneous 1,074 1,074 1,074 1,074 Total other income (expense) 1,074 6 1,964 (696) 2,348 2,407 4,755 (1,268) 3,487 EQUITY IN EARNINGS (LOSS) FROM UNCONSOLIDATED ENTITIES 141 327 468 468 (1,090) (622) SEGMENT PROFIT (LOSS)/INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX PROVISION 19,614 (862) 640 (358) 19,034 (5,959) 13,075 1,086 14,161 INCOME TAX PROVISION (3) (3) (3) SEGMENT PROFIT (LOSS)/NET INCOME 19,614 (862) 640 (358) 19,034 (5,962) 13,072 1,086 14,158 
 (1) Represents the removal of the Great Park Venture and Gateway Commercial Venture operating results, which are included in the Great Park segment and Commercial segment operating results at 100 of each venture s historical basis, respectively, but are not included in our consolidated results as we account for our investment in each venture using the equity method of accounting. 
 (2) For the Great Park and Commercial segments, represents the revenues and expenses attributable to the management company for providing services to the Great Park Venture and the Gateway Commercial Venture, as applicable. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Valencia San Francisco Great Park Commercial Total reportable segments 
 Corporate and unallocated Total under management Removal of unconsolidated entities (1) 
 Total consolidated REVENUES: Land sales 1,214 273,747 274,961 274,961 (273,747) 1,214 Land sales related party 19,846 19,846 19,846 (19,846) Management services related party (2) 
 74,679 356 75,035 75,035 75,035 Operating properties 1,384 507 7,002 8,893 8,893 (7,002) 1,891 Total revenues 2,598 507 368,272 7,358 378,735 378,735 (300,595) 78,140 COSTS AND EXPENSES: Land sales 67,062 67,062 67,062 (67,062) Management services (2) 
 19,467 19,467 19,467 19,467 Operating properties 4,099 2,805 6,904 6,904 (2,805) 4,099 Selling, general, and administrative 8,116 3,661 8,708 3,107 23,592 25,236 48,828 (11,815) 37,013 Management fees related party 91,422 91,422 91,422 (91,422) Total costs and expenses 12,215 3,661 186,659 5,912 208,447 25,236 233,683 (173,104) 60,579 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): Interest income 51 5,062 166 5,279 8,524 13,803 (5,228) 8,575 Interest expense (2,078) (2,078) (2,078) 2,078 Miscellaneous 71 71 (5,928) (5,857) (5,857) Total other income (expense) 71 51 5,062 (1,912) 3,272 2,596 5,868 (3,150) 2,718 EQUITY IN EARNINGS FROM UNCONSOLIDATED ENTITIES 470 470 470 44,601 45,071 SEGMENT (LOSS) PROFIT/INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX PROVISION (9,076) (3,103) 186,675 (466) 174,030 (22,640) 151,390 (86,040) 65,350 INCOME TAX PROVISION (8,705) (8,705) (8,705) SEGMENT (LOSS) PROFIT/NET INCOME (9,076) (3,103) 186,675 (466) 174,030 (31,345) 142,685 (86,040) 56,645 
 (1) Represents the removal of the Great Park Venture and Gateway Commercial Venture operating results, which are included in the Great Park segment and Commercial segment operating results at 100 of each venture s historical basis, respectively, but are not included in our consolidated results as we account for our investment in each venture using the equity method of accounting. 
 (2) For the Great Park and Commercial segments, represents the revenues and expenses attributable to the management company for providing services to the Great Park Venture and the Gateway Commercial Venture, as applicable. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Valencia San Francisco Great Park Commercial Total reportable segments 
 Corporate and unallocated Total under management Removal of unconsolidated entities (1) 
 Total consolidated REVENUES: Land sales 60,685 363,056 423,741 423,741 (363,056) 60,685 Land sales related party 595 9,416 10,011 10,011 (9,416) 595 Management services related party (2) 
 29,191 321 29,512 29,512 29,512 Operating properties 1,692 489 6,329 8,510 8,510 (6,329) 2,181 Total revenues 62,972 489 401,663 6,650 471,774 471,774 (378,801) 92,973 COSTS AND EXPENSES: Land sales 38,967 165,749 204,716 204,716 (165,749) 38,967 Management services (2) 
 14,419 14,419 14,419 14,419 Operating properties 4,321 2,632 6,953 6,953 (2,632) 4,321 Selling, general, and administrative 8,580 3,275 7,432 3,250 22,537 26,545 49,082 (10,682) 38,400 Management fees related party 36,507 36,507 36,507 (36,507) Total costs and expenses 51,868 3,275 224,107 5,882 285,132 26,545 311,677 (215,570) 96,107 OTHER INCOME (EXPENSE): Interest income 9 5,172 25 5,206 4,533 9,739 (5,197) 4,542 Interest expense (1,829) (1,829) (1,829) 1,829 Miscellaneous 1,033 1,033 1,033 1,033 Total other income (expense) 1,033 9 5,172 (1,804) 4,410 4,533 8,943 (3,368) 5,575 EQUITY IN EARNINGS FROM UNCONSOLIDATED ENTITIES 500 1,563 2,063 2,063 50,491 52,554 SEGMENT PROFIT (LOSS)/INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX PROVISION 12,637 (2,777) 184,291 (1,036) 193,115 (22,012) 171,103 (116,108) 54,995 INCOME TAX PROVISION (16) (16) (16) SEGMENT PROFIT (LOSS)/NET INCOME 12,637 (2,777) 184,291 (1,036) 193,115 (22,028) 171,087 (116,108) 54,979 
 (1) Represents the removal of the Great Park Venture and Gateway Commercial Venture operating results, which are included in the Great Park segment and Commercial segment operating results at 100 of each venture s historical basis, respectively, but are not included in our consolidated results as we account for our investment in each venture using the equity method of accounting. 
 (2) For the Great Park and Commercial segments, represents the revenues and expenses attributable to the management company for providing services to the Great Park Venture and the Gateway Commercial Venture, as applicable. 
 
 Valencia Segment 
 Our Valencia property consists of approximately 15,000 acres in northern Los Angeles County and can include up to approximately 21,500 homesites and approximately 11.5 million square feet of commercial space. The actual commercial square footage and number of homesites are subject to change based on ultimate use and land planning. The current communities under development in Valencia complement the neighboring communities that were previously developed by us. We began selling homesites in the first development area at Valencia in 2019. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Land sales and related party land sales revenues. Total land sales revenues decreased by 60.3 million to 0.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 60.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in total land sales revenues was primarily attributable to the recognition of revenue from the sale of land entitled for an aggregate of 146 homesites on approximately 26 acres during the three months ended September 30, 2023 compared to no land sales during the same period in 2024. The fixed base purchase price was 60.6 million for the 2023 sales. 
 Cost of land sales. Valencia closed no land sales and therefore had no cost of land sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 39.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The cost of land sales includes both actual and estimated future capitalized costs allocated based upon relative sales values. Since this method requires us to estimate future development costs and the expected sales prices for future land sales, the profit margin on subsequent parcels sold will be affected by both changes in the estimated total revenues, as well as any changes in the estimated total cost of the project. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Land sales and related party land sales revenues. Total land sales revenues decreased by 60.1 million to 1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 61.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in total land sales revenues was primarily attributable to the recognition of revenue from the sale of land entitled for an aggregate of 146 homesites on approximately 26 acres during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 compared to no land sales during the same period in 2024. The fixed base purchase price was 60.6 million for the 2023 sales. 
 Cost of land sales. Valencia closed no land sales and therefore had no cost of land sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 39.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The cost of land sales includes both actual and estimated future capitalized costs allocated based upon relative sales values. Since this method requires us to estimate future development costs and the expected sales prices for future land sales, the profit margin on subsequent parcels sold will be affected by both changes in the estimated total revenues, as well as any changes in the estimated total cost of the project. 
 Selling, general, and administrative. SG A expenses decreased by 0.5 million, or 5.4 , to 8.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 8.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was mainly attributable to a decrease in community related selling and marketing expenses and a decrease in lease expense. 
 
 San Francisco Segment 
 Located almost equidistant between downtown San Francisco and the San Francisco International Airport, Candlestick and The San Francisco Shipyard consist of approximately 800 acres of bayfront property in the City of San Francisco. Candlestick and The San Francisco Shipyard can include up to approximately 12,000 homesites and approximately 6.3 million square feet of commercial space. The actual commercial square footage and number of homesites are subject to change based on ultimate use and land planning. 
 In October 2019, we received approval from the City of San Francisco on a revised development plan for the first phase of Candlestick that is currently planned to include up to approximately 750,000 square feet of office space, 1,600 homes, and 300,000 square feet of lifestyle amenities centered around retail and entertainment. As currently planned, Candlestick ultimately is expected to include up to approximately 7,000 homes. 
 Our development at Candlestick and The San Francisco Shipyard is not subject to San Francisco s Proposition M growth control measure, which imposes annual limitations on office development and is applicable to all other developers with projects in the city. This means the full amount of permitted commercial square footage at Candlestick and The San Francisco Shipyard can be constructed as we determine, including all at once, even though Proposition M may delay new office developments elsewhere in San Francisco. In 2018, our disposition and development agreement with the City of San Francisco was amended to increase the total amount of commercial use at Candlestick and The San Francisco Shipyard by over two million square feet and to increase our total commercial space to approximately 6.3 million square feet. 
 At The San Francisco Shipyard, approximately 408 acres are still owned by the U.S. Navy and will not be conveyed to us until the U.S. Navy satisfactorily completes its finding of suitability to transfer, or FOST, process, which involves multiple levels of environmental and governmental investigation, analysis, review, comment and approval. Based on our discussions with the U.S. Navy, we had previously expected the U.S. Navy to deliver this property between 2019 and 2022. However, allegations that Tetra Tech, Inc. and Tetra Tech EC, Inc. (collectively, Tetra Tech ), contractors hired by the U.S. Navy, misrepresented sampling results at The San Francisco Shipyard have resulted in data reevaluation, governmental investigations, criminal proceedings, lawsuits, and a determination by the U.S. Navy and other regulatory agencies to undertake additional sampling. As part of the 2018 Congressional spending bill, the U.S. Department of Defense allocated 36.0 million to help fund resampling efforts at The San Francisco Shipyard. An additional 60.4 million to fund resampling efforts was approved as part of a 2019 military construction spending bill. These activities have delayed the remaining land transfers from the U.S. Navy and could lead to additional legal claims or government investigations, all of which could in turn further delay or impede our future development of such parcels. Our development plans were designed with the flexibility to adjust for potential land transfer delays, and we have the ability to shift the phasing of our development activities to account for potential delays caused by U.S. Navy retesting, but there can be no assurance that these matters and other related matters that may arise in the future will not materially impact our development plans. 
 We have been, and may in the future be, named as a defendant in lawsuits seeking damages and other relief arising out of alleged contamination at The San Francisco Shipyard and Tetra Tech s alleged misrepresentations of related sampling work. See Note 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report. 
 
 Great Park Segment 
 We have a 37.5 percentage interest in the Great Park Venture, and we account for our investment using the equity method of accounting. We have a controlling interest in the management company, an entity which performs development management services at Great Park Neighborhoods. We do not include the Great Park Venture as a consolidated subsidiary in our condensed consolidated financial statements. However, because of the relationship between the management company and the Great Park Venture, we assess our investment in the Great Park Venture based on the financial information for the Great Park Venture in its 
 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 entirety, and not just our equity interest in it. As a result, our Great Park segment consists of the operations of both the Great Park Venture and the development management services provided by the management company at the Great Park Venture. 
 Great Park Neighborhoods consists of approximately 2,100 acres in Orange County and is being built around the approximately 1,300 acre Orange County Great Park, a metropolitan public park that is under construction. Great Park Neighborhoods can include up to approximately 10,500 homesites and approximately 4.9 million square feet of commercial space. The actual commercial square footage and number of homesites are subject to change based on ultimate use and land planning. 
 Interests in the Great Park Venture were previously either percentage interests or legacy interests. Holders of the legacy interests were entitled to receive priority distributions in an aggregate amount equal to 476.0 million and up to an additional 89.0 million from participation in subsequent distributions. The holders of percentage interests were entitled to all other distributions. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Great Park Venture made aggregate distributions of 18.1 million to holders of legacy interests and 229.9 million to holders of percentage interests. We received 86.2 million for our 37.5 percentage interest. As of December 31, 2021, the Great Park Venture had fully satisfied the 476.0 million priority distribution rights, and with the distributions to the holders of legacy interests during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Great Park Venture fully satisfied the 89.0 million maximum participating legacy interest distribution rights, as a result of which, the legacy interests are no longer deemed to be outstanding. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Land sales and related party land sales revenues. Land sales and related party land sales revenues increased to 61.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 3.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to the recognition of revenue from the sale of 12.8 acres of commercial land planned for retail uses at the Great Park Neighborhoods during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to no land sales during the same period in 2023. The base purchase price was 25.4 million for the 2024 land sales. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenues also included changes in estimates of variable consideration, including profit participation and price participation, from those amounts previously recorded by the Great Park Venture. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Great Park Venture recognized 6.0 million and 2.8 million, respectively, in profit participation revenues received from homebuilders. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Great Park Venture recognized additional estimated variable consideration of 30.0 million related to prior period land sales for future price participation payments expected to be received when homes are sold to homebuyers. The increase in estimated variable consideration reflects updated pricing and absorption assumptions used to calculate expected price participation payments. 
 Cost of land sales. Cost of land sales for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 8.1 million, compared to no cost of land sales for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The cost of land sales includes both actual and estimated future capitalized costs allocated based upon relative sales values. Since this method requires the Great Park Venture to estimate future development costs and the expected sales prices for future land sales, the profit margin on subsequent parcels sold will be affected by both changes in the estimated total revenues, as well as any changes in the estimated total cost of the project. 
 Management fee revenues. Management fee revenues are revenues generated by the management company from development management services provided to the Great Park Venture. The increase in management services related party revenue was mainly attributable to an increase in variable incentive compensation revenue recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized 12.9 million and 1.4 million, respectively, attributable to variable incentive compensation, mostly as a result of changes in estimates of the amount of variable incentive compensation we expect to receive. 
 Management services costs and expenses. Included within management services costs and expenses are general and administrative costs and expenses incurred by the management company s project team that is managing the development of the Great Park Neighborhoods. We also include amortization expense related to the intangible asset attributable to the incentive compensation provisions of the development management agreement with the Great Park Venture within management services costs and expenses. Corporate and non-project team salaries and overhead are not allocated to management services costs and expenses or to our reportable segments and are reported in selling, general, and administrative costs in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Management services costs and expenses increased by 1.9 million, or 79.5 , to 4.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 2.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was mainly attributable to an increase in intangible asset amortization expense recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Selling, general, and administrative. SG A expenses increased by 0.9 million, or 37.4 , to 3.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 2.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was mainly attributable to an increase in marketing expenses and property maintenance expenses. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Management fees related party. Management fees increased by 14.1 million to 18.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, from 4.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Management fees incurred by the Great Park Venture are comprised of base development management fees and incentive compensation fees. In general, incentive compensation fees will be paid based on a percentage of distributions made to holders of the Great Park Venture s membership interests. When payments are deemed probable of being made, the Great Park Venture recognizes the expense ratably over the period services are expected to be provided. When estimates of the amount of incentive compensation probable of being paid change, the Great Park Venture records a cumulative adjustment in the period in which the estimate changes. The increase in management fees related party was mainly attributable to a change in the estimate of the amount of incentive compensation fees probable of being paid that resulted in a cumulative adjustment recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 Land sales and related party land sales revenues. Land sales and related party land sales revenues decreased to 293.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 372.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily attributable to the recognition of revenue from the sale of 12.8 acres of commercial land planned for retail uses and land entitled for an aggregate of 187 homesites on 23.9 acres at the Great Park Neighborhoods during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the recognition of revenue from the sale of land at the Great Park Neighborhoods entitled for an aggregate of 798 homesites on approximately 84 acres during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The base purchase price was 25.4 million and 170.7 million for the 2024 commercial land sales and homesite land sales, respectively. Revenue recognized of 357.8 million for the 2023 land sale consisted of 214.7 million paid at closing, plus 143.1 million in estimated variable consideration from future price participation payments expected to be received when homes are sold to homebuyers. The 798 homesites were sold to an unaffiliated land banking entity whereby a related party retained the option to acquire the homesites in the future from the land bank entity. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, revenues also included changes in estimates of variable consideration, including profit participation and price participation, from those amounts previously recorded by the Great Park Venture. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Great Park Venture recognized 30.0 million and 13.6 million, respectively, in profit participation revenues received from homebuilders. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Great Park Venture recognized additional estimated variable consideration of 66.6 million related to prior period land sales for future price participation payments expected to be received when homes are sold to homebuyers. The increase in estimated variable consideration reflects updated pricing and absorption assumptions used to calculate expected price participation payments. 
 Cost of land sales. Cost of land sales for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 67.1 million, compared to 165.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The cost of land sales includes both actual and estimated future capitalized costs allocated based upon relative sales values. Since this method requires the Great Park Venture to estimate future development costs and the expected sales prices for future land sales, the profit margin on subsequent parcels sold will be affected by both changes in the estimated total revenues, as well as any changes in the estimated total cost of the project. 
 Management fee revenues. Management fee revenues are revenues generated by the management company from development management services provided to the Great Park Venture. The increase in management services related party revenue was mainly attributable to an increase in variable incentive compensation revenue recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized 65.7 million and 20.2 million, respectively, attributable to variable incentive compensation, mostly as a result of changes in estimates of the amount of variable incentive compensation we expect to receive. 
 Management services costs and expenses. Included within management services costs and expenses are general and administrative costs and expenses incurred by the management company s project team that is managing the development of the Great Park Neighborhoods. We also include amortization expense related to the intangible asset attributable to the incentive compensation provisions of the development management agreement with the Great Park Venture within management services costs and expenses. Corporate and non-project team salaries and overhead are not allocated to management services costs and expenses or to our reportable segments and are reported in selling, general, and administrative costs in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Management services costs and expenses increased by 5.0 million, or 35.0 , to 19.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 14.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was mainly attributable to an increase in intangible asset amortization expense recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Selling, general, and administrative. SG A expenses increased by 1.3 million, or 17.2 , to 8.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 7.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was mainly attributable to an increase in marketing expenses and property maintenance expenses. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Management fees related party. Management fees increased by 54.9 million to 91.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 36.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Management fees incurred by the Great Park Venture are comprised of base development management fees and incentive compensation fees. In general, incentive compensation fees will be paid based on a percentage of distributions made to holders of the Great Park Venture s membership interests. When payments are deemed probable of being made, the Great Park Venture recognizes the expense ratably over the period services are expected to be provided. When estimates of the amount of incentive compensation probable of being paid change, the Great Park Venture records a cumulative adjustment in the period in which the estimate changes. The increase in management fees related party was mainly attributable to a change in the estimate of the amount of incentive compensation fees probable of being paid that resulted in a cumulative adjustment recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The table below reconciles the Great Park segment results to the equity in earnings from our investment in the Great Park Venture that is reflected in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Segment profit from operations 45,061 640 186,675 184,291 Less net income of management company attributed to the Great Park segment 
 11,659 2,021 55,212 14,772 Net income (loss) of the Great Park Venture 33,402 (1,381) 131,463 169,519 The Company s share of net income (loss) of the Great Park Venture 12,526 (518) 49,299 63,570 Basis difference (amortization) accretion, net (438) 106 (4,081) (10,498) Equity in earnings (loss) from the Great Park Venture 12,088 (412) 45,218 53,072 

Commercial Segment 
 We have a 75 interest in the Gateway Commercial Venture that is held through a wholly owned subsidiary of the operating company, and we serve as the manager of the Gateway Commercial Venture. However, the manager s authority is limited. Major decisions by the Gateway Commercial Venture generally require unanimous approval by an executive committee composed of two people designated by us and two people designated by another investor. Some decisions require approval by all of the members of the Gateway Commercial Venture. We do not include the Gateway Commercial Venture as a consolidated subsidiary in our condensed consolidated financial statements. However, as a result of our 75 economic interest and our role as manager, we assess our investment in the Gateway Commercial Venture based on the financial information of the Gateway Commercial Venture in its entirety, and we include the Gateway Commercial Venture s financial results within the Commercial segment. Additionally, the management company has been engaged by the Gateway Commercial Venture to provide property management services to the Five Point Gateway Campus. We include the management company s results of operations related to these property management services within the Commercial segment. 
 The Five Point Gateway Campus is a commercial campus consisting of approximately 73 acres of land in the Great Park Neighborhoods acquired by the Gateway Commercial Venture in 2017. The Five Point Gateway Campus currently includes approximately one million square feet planned for research and development, medical and office space in four buildings. In 2020, the Gateway Commercial Venture sold three of the buildings and approximately 11 acres of land at the campus. Our corporate headquarters are located in the fourth building, which remains owned by the Gateway Commercial Venture. In addition to the fourth building, the Gateway Commercial Venture owns approximately 50 acres of commercial land with additional development rights at the campus. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 The table below reconciles the Commercial segment results to the equity in loss from our investment in the Gateway Commercial Venture that is reflected in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Segment loss from operations (301) (358) (466) (1,036) Less net income of management company attributed to the Commercial segment 
 115 110 356 321 Net loss of the Gateway Commercial Venture (416) (468) (822) (1,357) Equity in loss from the Gateway Commercial Venture (312) (351) (617) (1,018) 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 224.5 million of consolidated cash and cash equivalents, compared to 353.8 million at December 31, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, no funds had been drawn on and no letters of credit were outstanding on the operating company s 125.0 million unsecured revolving credit facility. 
 Our short-term cash needs consist primarily of general and administrative expenses and development expenditures at Valencia and the Candlestick and The San Francisco Shipyard communities, interest payments under our senior notes and payments under a related party reimbursement obligation. In January 2024, we exchanged 623.5 million of our existing 7.875 senior notes due November 2025 for 100.0 million in cash and 523.5 million in new 10.500 initial rate senior notes due January 2028. The new senior notes due January 2028 will accrue interest at a rate of 10.500 until November 2025, at a rate of 11.000 from November 2025 to November 2026, and at a rate of 12.000 from November 2026 through the maturity date. Pursuant to a reimbursement deferral agreement, principal and interest payments under our related party reimbursement obligation are deferred through October 31, 2024. 
 The development stages of our communities continue to require significant cash outlays on both a short-term and long-term basis, and we expect to invest significant amounts on continued horizontal development at Valencia over the next 12 months. We manage our development activities and expenditures to coincide with projected demand for our residential and commercial land with the objective of maintaining an appropriate level of liquidity. We expect to meet our cash requirements for at least the next 12 months with available cash, distributions from our unconsolidated entities, collection of management fees under our development management agreement with the Great Park Venture, proceeds from land sales, reimbursements from public financing in Valencia and access to financing sources, including our revolving credit facility. 
 Our long-term cash needs relate primarily to future horizontal development expenditures and investments in or vertical construction costs for properties that we may acquire or develop for an income-producing portfolio, along with debt service and general and administrative expenses. We budget our cash development costs on an annual basis. Budgeted amounts are subject to change due to delays or accelerations in construction or regulatory approvals, changes in inflation rates and other increases (or decreases) in costs. We may also modify our development plans or change the sequencing of our communities in response to changing economic conditions, consumer preferences and other factors, which could have a material impact on the timing and amount of our development costs. Budgeted amounts are expected to be funded through a combination of available cash, cash flows from our communities and reimbursements from public financing, including community facilities districts, tax increment financing and local, state and federal grants. Cash flows from our communities may occur in uneven patterns as cash is primarily generated by land sales and reimbursements, which can occur at various points over the life cycle of our communities. 
 We currently expect to have sufficient capital to fund the horizontal development of our communities in accordance with our development plan for several years. The level of capital expenditures in any given year may vary due to, among other things, the number of communities or neighborhoods under development and the number of planned deliveries, which may vary based on market conditions. We may seek to raise additional capital by accessing the debt or equity capital markets or with one or more revolving or term loan facilities or other public or private financing alternatives, including entering into joint ventures. These financings may not be available on attractive terms, or at all. 
 We are committed under various performance bonds and letters of credit LOCs to perform certain development activities and provide certain guarantees in the normal course of the entitlement and development process. 
 We had outstanding performance bonds of 367.0 million as of September 30, 2024 predominantly related to our Valencia community. 
 At September 30, 2024, the San Francisco Venture had outstanding guarantees benefiting a municipal agency for infrastructure and construction of certain park and open space obligations with aggregate maximum obligations of 198.3 million. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Outstanding LOCs totaled 1.0 million at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. At both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had 1.0 million in restricted cash and certificates of deposit securing certain of our LOCs. Additionally, under our revolving credit facility, we are able to utilize undrawn capacity to support the issuance of LOCs. As of September 30, 2024, no capacity under the revolving credit facility was used to support LOCs. 
 We are a party to a tax receivable agreement TRA with current and former holders of Class A units of the operating company and the holders of Class A units of the San Francisco Venture. The TRA provides for payments by us to such investors or their successors in aggregate amounts equal to 85 of the cash savings, if any, in income tax that we realize as a result of certain tax attributes. We expect the TRA payments to be substantial. However, the actual amount and timing of any payments under the TRA will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges of Class A units of the operating company or Class A units of the San Francisco Venture, the price of our Class A common shares at the time of such exchanges, the extent to which such exchanges are taxable and our ability to use the potential tax benefits, which will depend on the amount and timing of our taxable income and the rate at which we pay income tax. As of September 30, 2024, there were no amounts currently payable under the TRA. However, as a result of California Senate Bill 167 signed into law on June 27, 2024, which, in part, suspends the usage of California net operating loss deductions for tax years 2024 through 2026, TRA payments associated with the accelerated California taxes may become payable starting in 2026 through 2028. The majority of TRA payments, however, are expected to begin after 2028. 
 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 The following table outlines the primary components of net cash (used in) provided by operating, investing and financing activities (in thousands): Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities 
 (67,612) 65,064 Investing activities 
 41,208 29,946 Financing activities 
 (102,876) (8,517) 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities. Net cash used in operating activities was 67.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 65.1 million net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we received incentive compensation payments of 23.2 million under our development management agreement with the Great Park Venture. The payment is net of 1.8 million that we concurrently distributed to the holders of the management company s Class B units. As of September 30, 2024, the holders of the management company s Class B units had no further distribution rights. Additionally, we received total distributions of 86.2 million from the Great Park Venture, of which 45.2 million is reflected as a return on our investment (operating activity) in the statement of cash flows with the balance reflected as an investing activity. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we received 60.6 million from the sale of land at our Valencia segment. We also received incentive compensation payments of 22.0 million under our development management agreement with the Great Park Venture. The payment is net of 2.6 million that we concurrently distributed to the holders of the management company s Class B units. Additionally, we received total distributions of 81.8 million from the Great Park Venture, of which 52.7 million is reflected as a return on our investment (operating activity) in the statement of cash flows with the balance reflected as an investing activity. 
 Major components of operating cash used in both periods consist of our continued investment in horizontal development at our communities and SG A costs. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we paid 8.3 million for interest accrued through the settlement date on our existing 7.875 senior notes due November 2025 that were exchanged. The exchange of 523.5 million of our existing senior notes for new senior notes was accounted for as a debt modification under ASC 470-50. Under debt modification accounting, third party costs are expensed as incurred and reported as operating cash flows. Included in operating cash outflows during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 is 7.7 million in third party transaction and advisory costs incurred in connection with the senior notes exchange. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an additional 18.2 million was paid for interest due on our existing 7.875 senior notes and new 10.500 initial rate senior notes. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, 24.6 million was paid for interest due on our existing 7.875 senior notes. Our horizontal development costs for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 were partially offset by 17.7 million in public financing reimbursements for public infrastructure development costs we incurred in Valencia and a nonrecurring 44.5 million recovery from a third party related to certain project development costs in Valencia . 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Cash Flows from Investing Activities. Net cash provided by investing activities was 41.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 29.9 million net cash provided by investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we received total distributions of 86.2 million from the Great Park Venture, of which 41.0 million is reflected as a return of our investment (investing activity) in the statement of cash flows with the balance reflected as an operating activity. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we received total distributions of 81.8 million from the Great Park Venture, of which 29.0 million is reflected as a return of our investment (investing activity) in the statement of cash flows with the balance reflected as an operating activity. Additionally, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we received a distribution of 0.9 million and 0.9 million, respectively, from the Valencia Landbank Venture, which is reflected as a return of our investment (investing activity) in the statement of cash flows. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities. Net cash used in financing activities was 102.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 8.5 million net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repaid 100.0 million of our existing 7.875 senior notes due November 2025 in connection with our exchange transaction. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, in accordance with the operating company s limited partnership agreement, we made noncontrolling interest tax distributions of 1.6 million and 4.0 million, respectively. We also made payments of 4.3 million to reduce our related party reimbursement obligation during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. We used 0.8 million and 0.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, to net settle share-based compensation awards with employees for tax withholding purposes. 
 Changes in Capital Structure 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our 62.6 ownership percentage in the operating company increased slightly primarily due to our issuance of shared-based compensation in the form of 0.2 million restricted Class A common shares and 0.3 million restricted share units that were settled for Class A common shares, partially offset by our reacquisition of approximately 0.3 million restricted Class A common shares from employees for income tax withholding purposes upon vesting. The issuances and settlements resulted in the operating company issuing to us an equal number of Class A units of the operating company or retiring an equal number of Class A units of the operating company that we previously held. 
 The table below summarizes outstanding Class A units of the operating company and Class A units of the San Francisco Venture (redeemable on a one-for-one basis for Class A units of the operating company) held by us and held by noncontrolling interest members at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Class A units of the operating company: Held by us 69,358,504 69,199,938 Held by noncontrolling interest members 41,363,271 41,363,271 110,721,775 110,563,209 Class A units of the San Francisco Venture held by noncontrolling interest members 37,870,273 37,870,273 148,592,048 148,433,482 
 At September 30, 2024, we had 79,233,544 Class B common shares outstanding that were held by the noncontrolling interest members of the operating company and the Class A unitholders of the San Francisco Venture. The Class B common shares will automatically convert to Class A common shares at a ratio of 0.0003 Class A common shares for each Class B common share. The conversions will occur when the holders of Class A units of the operating company, including Class A units that have been issued upon redemption of Class A units of the San Francisco Venture, are redeemed at our election for our Class A common shares or cash. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 There have been no significant changes to our critical accounting estimates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to those disclosed in Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which is presented in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market risk is the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. Our future earnings, cash flows and fair values relative to financial instruments are dependent upon prevailing market interest rates. Our primary market risk results from our indebtedness, which bears interest at fixed rates. Although we do not currently do so, we may in the future manage our market risk on floating rate debt by entering into swap arrangements to in effect fix the rate on all or a portion of the debt for varying periods up to maturity. This would, in turn, reduce the risks of variability of cash flows created by floating rate debt and mitigate the risk of increases in interest rates. Our objective when undertaking such arrangements would be to reduce our floating rate exposure, as we do not plan to enter into hedging arrangements for speculative purposes. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had outstanding consolidated net indebtedness of 524.9 million, none of which bears interest based on floating interest rates. 
 We have not entered into any transactions using derivative financial instruments or derivative commodity instruments. 
 
 ITEM 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the supervision and participation of our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer (the Certifying Officers ), has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Our disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Certifying Officers and our Board of Directors, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon that evaluation, the Certifying Officers concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the period covered by this report on Form 10-Q that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings 
 For disclosures of legal proceedings, see Note 11 to our condensed consolidated financial statements included under Part I, Item 1 of this report, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 1A. Risk Factors 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider the factors discussed in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, which could materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There have been no material changes in our risk factors from those disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K are not the only risks facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial may also materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 ITEM 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 None 
 
 ITEM 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 None 
 
 ITEM 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not Applicable 
 
 ITEM 5. Other Information 
 None 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Exhibit Description 10.1 Third Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Development Management Agreement, dated as of September 16, 2024, by and among Heritage Fields El Toro, LLC, Five Point Communities Management, Inc., Five Point Operating Company, LP and Five Point Communities, LP (Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed on September 18, 2024 is incorporated herein by this reference). 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed herewith 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 FIVE POINT HOLDINGS, LLC 
 By: 
 /s/ Daniel Hedigan 
 Daniel Hedigan 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 
 By: 
 /s/ Kim Tobler 
 Kim Tobler 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Vice President 
 (Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 

Date: October 18, 2024 
 
 44 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex-311xfphx93024x10q.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a 14(a) AND 15d 14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Daniel Hedigan, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Five Point Holdings, LLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 18, 2024 s Daniel Hedigan Daniel Hedigan Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex-312xfphx93024x10q.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a 14(a) AND 15d 14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Kim Tobler, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Five Point Holdings, LLC 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 18, 2024 s Kim Tobler Kim Tobler Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Vice President 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex-321xfphx93024x10q.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Five Point Holdings, LLC (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 18, 2024 s Daniel Hedigan Daniel Hedigan Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement as required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ex-322xfphx93024x10q.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Five Point Holdings, LLC (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 18, 2024 s Kim Tobler Kim Tobler Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Vice President 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

A signed original of this written statement as required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 fph-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 fph-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 fph-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 fph-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 fph-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

