<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241104_10-Q_edgar_data_1509991_0001509991-24-000087.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10416600</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>168839</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1509591</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4639512</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1953730</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1881580</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001509991-24-000087.hdr.sgml : 20241104
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241104114843
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001509991-24-000087
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		93
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241104
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241104

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Kosmos Energy Ltd.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001509991
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	CRUDE PETROLEUM & NATURAL GAS [1311]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				980686001
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35167
		FILM NUMBER:		241421698

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8176 PARK LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75231
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(214) 445-9600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8176 PARK LANE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 500
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75231

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001509991-24-000087.txt : 20241104

10-Q
 1
 kos-20240930.htm
 10-Q

kos-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered: London Stock Exchange 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 Not applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company (Do not check if a smaller reporting company) Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Outstanding at October 31, 2024 Common Shares, 0.01 par value 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Unless otherwise stated in this report, references to Kosmos, we, us or the company refer to Kosmos Energy Ltd. and its wholly owned subsidiaries. We have provided definitions for some of the industry terms used in this report in the Glossary and Selected Abbreviations beginning on page 3. 
 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Glossary and Select Abbreviations 
 3 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 7 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 48 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 50 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 51 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 51 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 51 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 51 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 51 
 Signatures 
 52 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 52 
 Index to Exhibits 
 53 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

KOSMOS ENERGY LTD. 
 GLOSSARY AND SELECTED ABBREVIATIONS 
 
 The following are abbreviations and definitions of certain terms that may be used in this report. Unless listed below, all defined terms under Rule 4-10(a) of Regulation S-X shall have their statutorily prescribed meanings. 
 
 2D seismic data Two dimensional seismic data, serving as interpretive data that allows a view of a vertical cross section beneath a prospective area. 3D seismic data Three dimensional seismic data, serving as geophysical data that depicts the subsurface strata in three dimensions. 3D seismic data typically provides a more detailed and accurate interpretation of the subsurface strata than 2D seismic data. ANP-STP Agencia Nacional Do Petroleo De Sao Tome E Principe. API A specific gravity scale, expressed in degrees, that denotes the relative density of various petroleum liquids. The scale increases inversely with density. Thus lighter petroleum liquids will have a higher API than heavier ones. ASC Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification. ASU Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Update. Barrel or Bbl A standard measure of volume for petroleum corresponding to approximately 42 gallons at 60 degrees Fahrenheit. BBbl Billion barrels of oil. BBoe Billion barrels of oil equivalent. Bcf Billion cubic feet. Boe Barrels of oil equivalent. Volumes of natural gas converted to barrels of oil using a conversion factor of 6,000 cubic feet of natural gas to one barrel of oil. BOEM Bureau of Ocean Energy Management. Boepd Barrels of oil equivalent per day. Bopd Barrels of oil per day. BP BP p.l.c. and related subsidiaries. Bwpd Barrels of water per day. Corporate Revolver Prior to March 31, 2022, this term refers to the Revolving Credit Facility Agreement dated November 23, 2012 (as amended or as amended and restated from time to time), and on or after March 31, 2022, this term refers to the new Revolving Credit Facility Agreement dated March 31, 2022 (as amended or as amended and restated from time to time). 
 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes 
 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes due 2030. 
 Debt cover ratio The debt cover ratio is broadly defined, for each applicable calculation date, as the ratio of (x) total long term debt less cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, to (y) the aggregate EBITDAX (see below) of the Company for the previous twelve months. Developed acreage The number of acres that are allocated or assignable to productive wells or wells capable of production. Development The phase in which an oil or natural gas field is brought into production by drilling development wells and installing appropriate production systems. DST Drill stem test. Dry hole or Unsuccessful well A well that has not encountered a hydrocarbon bearing reservoir expected to produce in commercial quantities. DT Deepwater Tano. EBITDAX Net income (loss) plus (i) exploration expense, (ii) depletion, depreciation and amortization expense, (iii) equity based compensation expense, (iv) unrealized (gain) loss on commodity derivatives (realized losses are deducted and realized gains are added back), (v) (gain) loss on sale of oil and gas properties, (vi) interest (income) expense, (vii) income taxes, (viii) debt modifications and extinguishments, (ix) doubtful accounts expense and (x) similar other material items which management believes affect the comparability of operating results. 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 ESG Environmental, social, and governance. ESP Electric submersible pump. E P Exploration and production. Facility Facility agreement dated March 28, 2011 (as amended or as amended and restated from time to time). FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board. Farm in An agreement whereby a party acquires a portion of the participating interest in a block from the owner of such interest, usually in return for cash and/or for taking on a portion of future costs or other performance by the assignee as a condition of the assignment. Farm out An agreement whereby the owner of the participating interest agrees to assign a portion of its participating interest in a block to another party for cash and/or for the assignee taking on a portion of future costs and/or other work as a condition of the assignment. FEED Front End Engineering Design. Field life cover ratio The field life cover ratio is broadly defined, for each applicable forecast period, as the ratio of (x) the forecasted net present value of net cash flow through depletion plus the net present value of the forecast of certain capital expenditures incurred in relation to the Ghana and Equatorial Guinea assets, to (y) the aggregate loan amounts outstanding under the Facility. 
 FLNG Floating liquefied natural gas. FPS Floating production system. FPSO Floating production, storage and offloading vessel. GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America. GEPetrol Guinea Equatorial De Petroleos. GHG Greenhouse gas. GNPC Ghana National Petroleum Corporation. Greater Tortue Ahmeyim Ahmeyim and Guembeul discoveries. GTA UUOA Unitization and Unit Operating Agreement covering the Greater Tortue Ahmeyim Unit. HLS Heavy Louisiana Sweet. Jubilee UUOA Unitization and Unit Operating Agreement covering the Jubilee Unit. Interest cover ratio The interest cover ratio is broadly defined, for each applicable calculation date, as the ratio of (x) the aggregate EBITDAX (see above) of the Company for the previous twelve months, to (y) interest expense less interest income for the Company for the previous twelve months. LNG Liquefied natural gas. Loan life cover ratio The loan life cover ratio is broadly defined, for each applicable forecast period, as the ratio of (x) net present value of forecasted net cash flow through the final maturity date of the Facility plus the net present value of forecasted capital expenditures incurred in relation to the Ghana and Equatorial Guinea assets to (y) the aggregate loan amounts outstanding under the Facility. 
 LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate LSE London Stock Exchange. LTIP Long Term Incentive Plan. MBbl Thousand barrels of oil. MBoe Thousand barrels of oil equivalent. Mcf Thousand cubic feet of natural gas. Mcfpd Thousand cubic feet per day of natural gas. MMBbl Million barrels of oil. MMBoe Million barrels of oil equivalent. MMBtu Million British thermal units. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 MMcf Million cubic feet of natural gas. MMcfd Million cubic feet per day of natural gas. MMTPA Million metric tonnes per annum. Natural gas liquid or NGL Components of natural gas that are separated from the gas state in the form of liquids. These include propane, butane, and ethane, among others. Net debt Total long-term debt less cash and cash equivalents and total restricted cash. NYSE New York Stock Exchange. Petroleum contract A contract in which the owner of hydrocarbons gives an E P company temporary and limited rights, including an exclusive option to explore for, develop, and produce hydrocarbons from the lease area. Petroleum system A petroleum system consists of organic material that has been buried at a sufficient depth to allow adequate temperature and pressure to expel hydrocarbons and cause the movement of oil and natural gas from the area in which it was formed to a reservoir rock where it can accumulate. Plan of development or PoD A written document outlining the steps to be undertaken to develop a field. Productive well An exploratory or development well found to be capable of producing either oil or natural gas in sufficient quantities to justify completion as an oil or natural gas well. Prospect(s) A potential trap that may contain hydrocarbons and is supported by the necessary amount and quality of geologic and geophysical data to indicate a probability of oil and/or natural gas accumulation ready to be drilled. The five required elements (generation, migration, reservoir, seal and trap) must be present for a prospect to work and if any of these fail neither oil nor natural gas may be present, at least not in commercial volumes. Proved reserves Estimated quantities of crude oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids that geological and engineering data demonstrate with reasonable certainty to be economically recoverable in future years from known reservoirs under existing economic and operating conditions, as well as additional reserves expected to be obtained through confirmed improved recovery techniques, as defined in SEC Regulation S X 4 10(a)(2). Proved developed reserves Those proved reserves that can be expected to be recovered through existing wells and facilities and by existing operating methods. Proved undeveloped reserves Those proved reserves that are expected to be recovered from future wells and facilities, including future improved recovery projects which are anticipated with a high degree of certainty in reservoirs which have previously shown favorable response to improved recovery projects. RSC Ryder Scott Company, L.P. SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate SEC Securities and Exchange Commission. 7.125 Senior Notes 7.125 Senior Notes due 2026. 7.750 Senior Notes 7.750 Senior Notes due 2027. 7.500 Senior Notes 7.500 Senior Notes due 2028. 8.750 Senior Notes 
 8.750 Senior Notes due 2031. 
 Shelf margin The path created by the change in direction of the shoreline in reaction to the filling of a sedimentary basin. SMH Societe Mauritanienne des Hydrocarbures Stratigraphy The study of the composition, relative ages and distribution of layers of sedimentary rock. Stratigraphic trap A stratigraphic trap is formed from a change in the character of the rock rather than faulting or folding of the rock and oil is held in place by changes in the porosity and permeability of overlying rocks. Structural trap A topographic feature in the earth s subsurface that forms a high point in the rock strata. This facilitates the accumulation of oil and gas in the strata. Structural stratigraphic trap A structural stratigraphic trap is a combination trap with structural and stratigraphic features. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Submarine fan A fan shaped deposit of sediments occurring in a deep water setting where sediments have been transported via mass flow, gravity induced, processes from the shallow to deep water. These systems commonly develop at the bottom of sedimentary basins or at the end of large rivers. TAG GSA TEN Associated Gas - Gas Sales Agreement. TEN Tweneboa, Enyenra and Ntomme. Three way fault trap A structural trap where at least one of the components of closure is formed by offset of rock layers across a fault. Tortue Phase 1 SPA 
 Greater Tortue Ahmeyim Agreement for a Long Term Sale and Purchase of LNG. Trap A configuration of rocks suitable for containing hydrocarbons and sealed by a relatively impermeable formation through which hydrocarbons will not migrate. Trident Trident Energy. Undeveloped acreage Lease acreage on which wells have not been drilled or completed to a point that would permit the production of commercial quantities of natural gas and oil regardless of whether such acreage contains discovered resources. WCTP West Cape Three Points. 

6 

Table of Contents 

KOSMOS ENERGY LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Derivatives Total current assets Property and equipment, net Other assets: Restricted cash Long-term receivables Deferred tax assets Derivatives Other Total assets Liabilities and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued liabilities Derivatives Total current liabilities Long-term liabilities: Long-term debt, net Derivatives Asset retirement obligations Deferred tax liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total long-term liabilities Stockholders equity: Preference shares, par value; authorized shares; issued at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; authorized shares; and issued at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Treasury stock, at cost, shares at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 KOSMOS ENERGY LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues and other income: Oil and gas revenue Other income, net ) Total revenues and other income Costs and expenses: Oil and gas production Exploration expenses General and administrative Depletion, depreciation and amortization Interest and other financing costs, net Derivatives, net ) Other expenses, net Total costs and expenses Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income Net income per share: Basic Diluted Weighted average number of shares used to compute net income per share: 
 Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 KOSMOS ENERGY LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Additional Common Shares Paid-in Accumulated Treasury Shares Amount Capital Deficit Stock Total 2024: 
 Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) Capped call transactions 
 ) ) Equity-based compensation Restricted stock units ) Tax withholdings and cash settlements on restricted stock units 
 ) ) Net income Balance as of March 31, 2024 ) ) Equity-based compensation Restricted stock units ) Tax withholdings and cash settlements on restricted stock units 
 ) ) Net income Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Equity-based compensation Restricted stock units ) Tax withholdings and cash settlements on restricted stock units 
 Net income Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) 2023: 
 Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) Equity-based compensation Restricted stock units ) Tax withholdings and cash settlements on restricted stock units 
 ) ) Net income Balance as of March 31, 2023 ) ) Dividends ) ) Equity-based compensation Restricted stock awards and units ) Tax withholdings and cash settlements on restricted stock units 
 ) ) Net income Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Equity-based compensation Restricted stock units ) Net income Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 KOSMOS ENERGY LTD. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depletion, depreciation and amortization (including deferred financing costs) Deferred income taxes ) Unsuccessful well costs and leasehold impairments Change in fair value of derivatives Cash settlements on derivatives, net (including ) million and ) million on commodity hedges during 2024 and 2023) 
 ) ) Equity-based compensation Debt modifications and extinguishments Other ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Increase in receivables ) ) Increase in inventories and prepaid expenses ) ) Decrease in accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Oil and gas assets ) ) Notes receivable from partners ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities Borrowings under long-term debt Payments on long-term debt ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of senior notes 
 Repurchase of senior notes ) Purchase of capped call transactions ) Dividends ) Other financing costs 
 ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental cash flow information Cash paid for: Income taxes, net of refund received 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

KOSMOS ENERGY LTD. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 
 geographic areas: Ghana, Equatorial Guinea, Mauritania/Senegal and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. 

2. 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash - long-term Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash shown in the consolidated statements of cash flows 

11 

Table of Contents 

Inventories 
 
 Inventories consisted of million and million of materials and supplies and million and million of hydrocarbons as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Ghana 
 U.S. Gulf of Mexico 
 Total revenues from contracts with customers 
 Provisional oil sales contracts ) ) ) ) Oil and gas revenue 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 
 participating interest in the Keathley Canyon Blocks 920 and 964, offshore U.S. Gulf of Mexico. As a result of the transaction, Kosmos participating interest in the Tiberius discovery area increased from to . 

4. 
 
 Oil sales 
 Other current receivables 
 Total receivables 
 Long-term receivables 

The Company s joint interest billings consist of receivables from partners with interests in common oil and gas properties operated by the Company for shared costs. Joint interest billings are classified as current and long-term receivables based on when collection is expected to occur. 
 
 Long-term receivables 
 
 In February 2019, Kosmos and BP signed Carry Advance Agreements with the national oil companies of Mauritania and Senegal obligating us to finance a portion of the respective national oil company s share of certain development and production costs incurred through the Commercial Production Date for Greater Tortue Ahmeyim Phase 1, as defined in the Carry Advance Agreements. The amount financed by Kosmos is to be repaid with interest through the national oil companies share of future revenues. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the principal balance due from the national oil companies was million and million, respectively, which is classified as Long-term receivables in our consolidated balance sheets. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, accrued interest on the balance due from the national oil companies was million and million, respectively, which is classified as Long-term receivables in our consolidated balance sheets. Interest income on the long-term notes receivable was million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 Unproved properties Total oil and gas properties Accumulated depletion ) ) Oil and gas properties, net Other property Accumulated depreciation ) ) Other property, net Property and equipment, net 
 
 We recorded depletion expense of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, additions to our proved properties primarily related to continued infill development in the Jubilee Field in Ghana, development costs associated with the Greater Tortue Ahmeyim project in Mauritania/Senegal, the Winterfell development project and Odd Job Field subsea pump installation in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, and infill development drilling in Block G in Equatorial Guinea. 

6. 
 Additions to capitalized exploratory well costs pending the determination of proved reserves Reclassification due to determination of proved reserves Capitalized exploratory well costs charged to expense Ending balance 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Exploratory well costs capitalized for a period of one to five years 
 Exploratory well costs capitalized for a period of six to ten years 
 Ending balance Number of projects that have exploratory well costs that have been capitalized for a period greater than one year 

As of September 30, 2024, the projects with exploratory well costs capitalized for more than one year since the completion of drilling are related to the Yakaar and Teranga discoveries in the Cayar Offshore Profond block offshore Senegal, the Asam discovery in Block S offshore Equatorial Guinea and the Tiberius discovery in Keathley Canyon Block 964 in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. 
 
 Yakaar and Teranga Discoveries In May 2016, we drilled the Teranga-1 exploration well in the Cayar Offshore Profond block offshore Senegal, which encountered hydrocarbon pay. In June 2017, we drilled the Yakaar-1 exploration well in the Cayar Offshore Profond block offshore Senegal, which encountered hydrocarbon pay. In November 2017, an integrated Yakaar-Teranga appraisal plan was submitted to the government of Senegal. In September 2019, we drilled the Yakaar-2 appraisal well which encountered hydrocarbon pay. The Yakaar-2 well was drilled approximately kilometers from the Yakaar-1 exploration well. In March 2024, the current phase of the Cayar Block exploration license was extended an additional to July 2026. The Yakaar and Teranga discoveries are being analyzed as a joint development. During 2024, we have continued progressing appraisal studies and maturing concept design. Following additional evaluation, a final investment decision for the development of the project is expected to be made. 
 
 Asam Discovery In October 2019, we drilled the S-5 exploration well offshore Equatorial Guinea, which encountered hydrocarbon pay. The discovery was subsequently named Asam. In July 2020, an appraisal work program was approved by the government of Equatorial Guinea. The well is located within tieback range of the Ceiba FPSO and the appraisal work program is currently ongoing to integrate all available data into models to establish the scale of the discovered resource and evaluate the optimum development solution. In December 2022 the Asam Field appraisal report was submitted to the Government of Equatorial Guinea. During 2024, studies and concept design continued to progress. Following additional evaluation, a decision regarding commerciality is expected to be made. Additionally, in October 2024, Kosmos elected to enter the next phase of the Block S exploration license with a scheduled expiration in December 2025 and no well commitments. The election is subject to customary government approvals. 
 
 Tiberius Discovery In July 2023, we spud the Tiberius infrastructure-led exploration prospect located in Block 964 of Keathley Canyon in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, which encountered hydrocarbon pay. Initial fluid and core analysis supports the production potential of the well, with characteristics analogous with similar nearby discoveries in the Wilcox trend. In March 2024, we completed the acquisition of an additional participating interest in the Keathley Canyon Blocks 920 and 964, offshore U.S. Gulf of Mexico. As a result of the transaction, Kosmos participating interest in the Tiberius discovery area increased from to . The Tiberius project is being analyzed as a phased development with discussions currently ongoing with our partner to finalize the development plan. Following additional evaluation, a final investment decision for the development of the project is expected to be made. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 Total long-term debt Unamortized deferred financing costs and discounts(1) ) ) Long-term debt, net 
 (1) Includes million and million of unamortized deferred financing costs related to the Facility, million and million of unamortized deferred financing costs and discounts related to the Senior Notes, and million and of unamortized deferred financing costs related to the Convertible Senior Notes as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Facility 
 
 The Facility supports our oil and gas exploration, appraisal and development programs and corporate activities. In April 2024, in conjunction with the spring borrowing base redetermination, the Company executed an amendment and restatement of the Facility. The amendment includes the following material changes: an increase in the Facility size and borrowing base capacity to billion (from billion), an increase in the interest margin by or , depending on the length of time that has passed from the date the Facility was entered into, and an extension in the tenor by approximately (final maturity date now occurs December 31, 2029). The amended Facility size and borrowing base capacity of approximately billion was capped by total commitments of approximately billion as of June 30, 2024. The borrowing base amount is based on the sum of the net present values of net cash flows and relevant capital expenditures reduced by certain percentages as well as value attributable to certain assets reserves and/or resources in the Company s production assets in Ghana and Equatorial Guinea. As part of the amendment, the Company recognized a loss on debt modifications and extinguishments of approximately million during the second quarter of 2024. In September 2024, we added new lenders to the Facility syndicate, increasing current total commitments by approximately million to the full Facility size and borrowing base capacity of billion. As of September 30, 2024, borrowings under the Facility totaled million and the undrawn availability under the Facility was million. 
 
 In October 2024, during the Fall 2024 redetermination, the Company s lending syndicate approved a borrowing base capacity of billion. 
 As amended, interest on the Facility is the aggregate of the applicable margin to , depending on the length of time that has passed from the date the Facility was entered into), plus the term SOFR reference rate administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited for the relevant period published. Interest is payable on the last day of each interest period (and, if the interest period is longer than , on the dates falling at intervals after the first day of the interest period). We pay commitment fees on the undrawn and unavailable portion of the total commitments, if any. Commitment fees are equal to per annum of the then-applicable respective margin when a commitment is available for utilization and, equal to per annum of the then-applicable respective margin when a commitment is not available for utilization. We recognize interest expense in accordance with ASC 835 Interest, which requires interest expense to be recognized using the effective interest method. We determined the effective interest rate based on the estimated level of borrowings under the Facility. 
 
 The Facility provides a revolving credit and letter of credit facility. As of September 30, 2024, we had letters of credit issued under the Facility. 
 
 We were in compliance with the financial covenants contained in the Facility as of September 30, 2024 (the most recent assessment date). The Facility, as amended, contains customary cross default provisions. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million to approximately million. All of the commitments that were cancelled (either in full or in part) under the Corporate Revolver were transferred to the Facility as part of the amendment and restatement. As of September 30, 2024, there were outstanding borrowings under the Corporate Revolver and the undrawn availability was approximately million. 
 
 The Company capitalized million of deferred financing costs associated with entering into the revolving credit facility in March 2022, which is being amortized over the term of the new revolving credit facility. Interest on the Corporate Revolver is the aggregate of a margin, the term SOFR reference rate administered by CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited for the relevant period published and a credit adjustment spread. Interest is payable on the last day of each interest period (and, if the interest period is longer than six months, on the dates falling at intervals after the first day of the interest period). We pay commitment fees on the undrawn portion of the total commitments. Commitment fees for the lenders are equal to per annum of the respective margin when a commitment is available for utilization. 
 We were in compliance with the financial covenants contained in the Corporate Revolver as of September 30, 2024 (the most recent assessment date). The Corporate Revolver contains customary cross default provisions. 
 
 In October 2024, pursuant to a voluntary cancellation notice sent by the Company, the Corporate Revolver was terminated. 
 
 Senior Notes due 2026 
 In April 2019, the Company issued million of Senior Notes and received net proceeds of approximately million after deducting fees. 
 
 The Senior Notes mature on April 4, 2026. Interest is payable in arrears each April 4 and October 4, commencing on October 4, 2019. The Senior Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of Kosmos Energy Ltd. and rank equal in right of payment with all of its existing and future senior indebtedness (including all borrowings under the Corporate Revolver, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes and the Convertible Senior Notes) and rank effectively junior in right of payment to all of its existing and future secured indebtedness (including all borrowings under the Facility). The Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior, unsecured basis by certain subsidiaries owning the Company's U.S. Gulf of Mexico assets, and on a subordinated, unsecured basis by certain subsidiaries that borrow under, or guarantee, the Facility and that guarantee the Corporate Revolver, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes and the Convertible Senior Notes. On September 24, 2024, the Company completed the repurchase of an aggregate principal amount of million of the Senior Notes pursuant to the Company s cash tender offers for portions of the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes, and the Senior Notes announced on September 9, 2024 (the Tender Offers ). The Senior Notes contain customary cross default provisions. 
 
 Senior Notes due 2027 
 In October 2021, the Company issued million of Senior Notes and received net proceeds of approximately million after deducting fees. 
 The Senior Notes mature on May 1, 2027. Interest is payable in arrears each May 1 and November 1, commencing on May 1, 2022. The Senior Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of Kosmos Energy Ltd. and rank equal in right of payment with all of its existing and future senior indebtedness (including all borrowings under the Corporate Revolver, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes and the Convertible Senior Notes) and rank effectively junior in right of payment to all of its existing and future secured indebtedness (including all borrowings under the Facility). The Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior, unsecured basis by certain subsidiaries owning the Company's U.S. Gulf of Mexico assets, and on a subordinated, unsecured basis by certain subsidiaries that borrow under, or guarantee, the Facility and that guarantee the Corporate Revolver, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes and the Convertible Senior Notes. On September 24, 2024, the Company completed the repurchase of an aggregate principal amount of million of the Senior Notes pursuant to the Tender Offers. The Senior Notes contain customary cross default provisions. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Senior Notes due 2028 
 In March 2021, the Company issued million of Senior Notes and received net proceeds of approximately million after deducting fees. 
 The Senior Notes mature on March 1, 2028. Interest is payable in arrears each March 1 and September 1, commencing on September 1, 2021. The Senior Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of Kosmos Energy Ltd. and rank equal in right of payment with all of its existing and future senior indebtedness (including all borrowings under the Corporate Revolver, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes and the Convertible Senior Notes) and rank effectively junior in right of payment to all of its existing and future secured indebtedness (including all borrowings under the Facility). The Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior, unsecured basis by certain subsidiaries owning the Company's U.S. Gulf of Mexico assets, and on a subordinated, unsecured basis by certain subsidiaries that borrow under, or guarantee, the Facility and that guarantee the Corporate Revolver, and the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes and the Convertible Senior Notes. On September 24, 2024, the Company completed the repurchase of an aggregate principal amount of approximately million of the Senior Notes pursuant to the Tender Offers. The Senior Notes contain customary cross default provisions. 
 Senior Notes due 2031 
 In September 2024, the Company issued million of Senior Notes (the Senior Notes and received net proceeds of approximately million after deducting fees. We used the net proceeds, together with cash on hand, to fund the Tender Offers and to pay expenses related to the issuance of the Senior Notes. 
 The Senior Notes mature on October 1, 2031. Interest is payable in arrears each April 1 and October 1, commencing on April 1, 2025. The Senior Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of Kosmos Energy Ltd. and rank equal in right of payment with all of its existing and future senior indebtedness (including all borrowings under the Corporate Revolver, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes and the Convertible Senior Notes) and rank effectively junior in right of payment to all of its existing and future secured indebtedness (including all borrowings under the Facility). The Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior, unsecured basis by certain subsidiaries owning the Company s U.S. Gulf of Mexico assets and on a subordinated, unsecured basis by certain subsidiaries that borrow under, or guarantee, the Facility and that guarantee the Corporate Revolver, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes and the Convertible Senior Notes. The Senior Notes contain customary cross default provisions. 
 At any time prior to October 1, 2027, and subject to certain conditions, the Company may, on one or more occasions, redeem up to of the original principal amount of the Senior Notes with an amount not to exceed the net cash proceeds of certain equity offerings at a redemption price of of the outstanding principal amount of the Senior Notes, together with accrued and unpaid interest and premium, if any, to, but excluding, the date of redemption. Additionally, at any time prior to October 1, 2027, the Company may, on any one or more occasions, redeem all or part of the Senior Notes at a redemption price equal to , plus any accrued and unpaid interest, and plus a make-whole premium. Senior Notes at the following redemption prices (expressed as a percentage of principal amount), plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any, on the notes redeemed during the twelve-month period indicated beginning on October 1 of the years indicated below: 
 2028 2029 and thereafter 
 
 We may also redeem the Senior Notes in whole, but not in part, at any time if changes in tax laws impose certain withholding taxes on amounts payable on the Senior Notes at a price equal to the principal amount of the Senior Notes plus accrued interest and additional amounts, if any, as may be necessary so that the net amount received by each holder after any withholding or deduction on payments of the Senior Notes will not be less than the amount such holder would have received if such taxes had not been withheld or deducted. 
 Upon the occurrence of a change of control triggering event as defined under the Senior Notes indenture, the Company will be required to make an offer to repurchase the Senior Notes at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the date of repurchase. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Senior Notes indenture, we will be required to use the net proceeds to make an offer to purchase the Senior Notes at an offer price in cash in an amount equal to of the principal amount of the Senior Notes, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. 
 The Senior Notes indenture restricts the ability of the Company and its restricted subsidiaries to, among other things: incur or guarantee additional indebtedness, create liens, pay dividends or make distributions in respect of capital stock, purchase or redeem capital stock, make investments or certain other restricted payments, sell assets, enter into agreements that restrict the ability of the Company s subsidiaries to make dividends or other payments to the Company, enter into transactions with affiliates, or effect certain consolidations, mergers or amalgamations. Certain of these covenants will be terminated if the Senior Notes are assigned an investment grade rating by both Standard Poor s Rating Services and Fitch Ratings Inc. and no default or event of default has occurred and is continuing. 
 Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 
 In March 2024, the Company issued million of Convertible Senior Notes (the Convertible Senior Notes and received net proceeds of million after deducting fees. 
 The Convertible Senior Notes mature on March 15, 2030, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. Interest is payable in arrears each March 15 and September 15, commencing September 15, 2024. The Convertible Senior Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of Kosmos Energy Ltd. and rank equal in right of payment with all of its existing and future senior indebtedness (including all borrowings under the Corporate Revolver, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes and the Senior Notes) and rank effectively junior in right of payment to all of its existing and future secured indebtedness (including all borrowings under the Facility, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness). The Convertible Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior, unsecured basis by certain of our existing subsidiaries that guarantee on a senior basis the Corporate Revolver, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes and the Senior Notes, and, in certain circumstances, certain of our other existing or future subsidiaries. The Convertible Senior Notes are guaranteed on a subordinated, unsecured basis by certain of our existing subsidiaries that borrow under or guarantee the Facility and guarantee on a subordinated basis the Corporate Revolver and the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes, the Senior Notes and the Senior Notes, and, in certain circumstances, certain of our other existing or future subsidiaries. 
 Holders of the Convertible Senior Notes may convert all or any portion of their Convertible Senior Notes at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding December 15, 2029 only under the following circumstances: 
 during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2024 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; 
 during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; 
 if we call any or all of the Convertible Senior Notes for redemption, the Convertible Senior Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption may be converted at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or 
 upon the occurrence of certain specified corporate events. 
 
 On or after December 15, 2029 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert at any time all or any portion of their Convertible Senior Notes at the option of the holder. 
 The conversion rate for the Convertible Senior Notes is initially 142.4501 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes (which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of our common stock), subject to adjustments. 
 Upon conversion, we will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes to be converted and pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Convertible Senior Notes being converted. The amount of cash and shares of our common stock, if any, due upon conversion will be based on a daily conversion value calculated on a proportionate basis for each trading day in a consecutive trading day observation period. 
 In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date or if we deliver a notice of redemption, we will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its Convertible Senior Notes in connection with such a corporate event or to convert its Convertible Senior Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption in connection with such notice of redemption, as the case may be. 
 Other than in connection with certain tax law changes, we may not redeem the notes prior to March 22, 2027. We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the Convertible Senior Notes, at our option, on or after March 22, 2027 and prior to the st scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, if the last reported sale price of our common stock has been at least of the conversion price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive), including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption, during any consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide the related notice of redemption, at a redemption price equal to of the principal amount of the Convertible Senior Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. We are not required to redeem or retire the Convertible Senior Notes periodically. We may not elect to redeem less than all of the outstanding Convertible Senior Notes unless at least million aggregate principal amount of Convertible Senior Notes are outstanding and not subject to redemption as of the time we send the related redemption notice. The Convertible Senior Notes indenture contains customary terms and covenants. 
 The Company recorded the Convertible Senior Notes, including the debt itself and all embedded derivatives, at cost less debt issuance costs of million and has presented the Convertible Senior Notes as a single financial instrument in Long-term debt, net in our consolidated balance sheet. No portion of the embedded derivatives required bifurcation from the host debt contract. As of September 30, 2024, the effective annual interest rate on the Convertible Senior Notes is approximately , including amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 Capped Call Transactions 
 In connection with the issuance of the Convertible Senior Notes, the Company used million of the net proceeds from the issuance of the Convertible Senior Notes to enter into capped call transactions (the Capped Call Transactions ). The Capped Call Transactions are generally expected to reduce potential dilution to holders of our common stock upon any conversion of the Convertible Senior Notes and/or offset any cash payments that we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of any Convertible Senior Notes that are converted, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. 
 The Capped Call Transactions have an initial cap price of per share, which represents a premium of over the last reported sale price of our common stock on March 5, 2024, and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions. The Capped Call Transactions cover, initially, the number of shares of our common stock underlying the Convertible Senior Notes, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the conversion rate of the Convertible Senior Notes. 
 The Capped Call Transactions qualify for a derivative scope exception as they are indexed to our common stock and are not required to be accounted for as a separate derivative. Consequently, the Capped Call Transactions have been included as a net reduction to additional-paid-in-capital within stockholders equity in our consolidated balance sheet and do not require subsequent remeasurement. 
 Principal Debt Repayments 

20 

Table of Contents 

Interest and other financing costs, net 
 
 Amortization deferred financing costs Debt modifications and extinguishments Capitalized interest ) ) ) ) Deferred interest ) ) ) Interest income ) ) ) ) Other, net Interest and other financing costs, net 
 
 Cash payments for interest totaled million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Capitalized interest of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, primarily relates to spend on the Greater Tortue Ahmeyim Phase 1 project. We will no longer capitalize interest on the Greater Tortue Ahmeyim Phase 1 project after first gas production. 

8. 
 Oct - Dec 
 Two-way collars 
 Dated Brent 
 2025: Jan - Jun 
 Two-way collars 
 Dated Brent 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 MMBbl from January 2025 through December 2025 with a floor price of per barrel and a ceiling rice of per barrel. In addition, we entered into Dated Brent swap contracts for MMBbl from January 2025 through June 2025 with a weighted average fixed price of per barrel and Dated Brent call spread contracts with a purchased price of per barrel and a sold price of per barrel for MMBbl from January 2025 through June 2025, effectively reducing the ceiling on our 2025 two-way collars to per barrel. 
 Interest Rate Derivative Contracts 

Commodity Derivatives assets long-term Derivative liabilities: Commodity Derivatives liabilities current ) Provisional oil sales Receivables: Oil sales ) ) Interest rate Derivatives liabilities current ) Interest rate Derivatives liabilities long-term ) Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments ) ) ) Commodity Derivatives, net ) ) ) Interest rate 
 Interest expense 
 ) ) Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments 
 ) ) ) 
 22 

Table of Contents 

9. 
 
 Liabilities: Commodity derivatives Provisional oil sales ) ) Interest rate derivatives ) ) Total December 31, 2023 Assets: Commodity derivatives Liabilities: Commodity derivatives ) ) Provisional oil sales ) ) Total 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes 
 Senior Notes 
 Convertible Senior Notes 
 Facility Total 
 
 The carrying values of our Senior Notes, Senior Notes, Senior Notes, Senior Notes and Convertible Senior Notes represent the principal amounts outstanding less unamortized discounts. The fair values of our Senior Notes, Senior Notes, Senior Notes, Senior Notes and Convertible Senior Notes are based on quoted market prices, which results in a Level 1 fair value measurement. The carrying value of the Facility approximates fair value since they are subject to short-term floating interest rates that approximate the rates available to us for those periods. 

24 

Table of Contents 

 t recognize impairment of proved oil and gas properties. If we experience material declines in oil pricing expectations in the future, significant increases in our estimated future expenditures or a significant decrease in our estimated production profile, our long-lived assets could be at risk of impairment. 

10. 
 million and million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The total tax benefit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Additionally, we recorded a net tax shortfall (windfall) related to equity-based compensation of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and ) million and ) million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The fair value of awards vested during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million and million, respectively, and million and million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Company granted restricted stock units with service vesting criteria and a combination of market and service vesting criteria under the LTIP. Substantially all of these grants vest over . Upon vesting, restricted stock units become issued and outstanding stock. 
 
 For restricted stock units with a combination of market and service vesting criteria, the number of common shares to be issued is determined by comparing the Company s total shareholder return with the total shareholder return of a predetermined group of peer companies over the performance period and can vest in up to of the awards granted. The grant date fair value ranged from to per award. The Monte Carlo simulation model utilized multiple input variables that determined the probability of satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award grant and calculated the fair value of the award. The expected volatility utilized in the model was estimated using our historical volatility and the historical volatilities of our peer companies and ranged from to . The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. treasury rate for a term commensurate with the expected life of the grant and ranged from to . 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Granted(1) Forfeited(1) ) ) Vested ) ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) The restricted stock units with a combination of market and service vesting criteria may vest between and of the originally granted units depending upon market performance conditions. Awards vesting over or under target shares of results in additional shares granted or forfeited, respectively, in the period the market vesting criteria is determined . 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, total equity-based compensation to be recognized on unvested restricted stock units is million over a weighted average period of years. At September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately million shares that remain available for issuance under the LTIP. 

11. ) ) ) Foreign Income before income taxes 
 
 For the three months ended, September 30, 2024 and 2023, our effective tax rate was and , respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our effective tax rate was and , respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our overall effective tax rates were impacted by: 
 
 The difference in our 21 U.S. income tax reporting rate and the statutory income tax rates applicable to our foreign operations, primarily in Ghana and Equatorial Guinea, 
 Jurisdictions that have a 0 statutory tax rate or that are tax exempt, 
 Jurisdictions where we have incurred losses and have recorded valuation allowances against the corresponding deferred tax assets, and 
 Other non-deductible expenses, primarily in the U.S. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

12. 
 Convertible Senior Notes using the if-converted method and restricted stock units awards under our equity-based compensation plan. 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In thousands, except per share data) Numerator: Net income allocable to common stockholders Denominator: Weighted average number of shares outstanding: Basic Restricted stock units(1) Shares issuable assuming conversion of Convertible Senior Notes(2) 
 Diluted Net income per share: Basic Diluted 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) We excluded restricted stock units of million and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively from the computations of diluted net income per share because the effect would have been anti-dilutive. 
 (2) Represents the dilutive impact for the Company s Convertible Senior Notes due 2030. As of September 30, 2024, the if-converted value is less than the outstanding principal of the Convertible Senior Notes and therefore anti-dilutive. The Convertible Senior Notes are subject to a capped call arrangement that potentially reduces the dilutive effect as described in Note 7 - Debt . Any potential impact of the capped call arrangement is excluded from this table as any proceeds under the capped call arrangement are considered anti-dilutive. 

13. 
 development wells and exploration well in Equatorial Guinea. of the development wells is currently being drilled. 
 
 In February 2019, Kosmos and BP signed Carry Advance Agreements with the national oil companies of Mauritania and Senegal, which obligate us separately to finance the respective national oil companies share of certain development and production costs. Kosmos total share for the agreements combined is currently estimated at approximately million, of which million has been incurred through September 30, 2024, excluding accrued interest. 
 
 In August 2021, BP as the operator of the Greater Tortue project BP Operator ), with the consent of the Greater Tortue Unit participants and the respective States, agreed to sell the Greater Tortue FPSO to an affiliate of BP Operator BP Buyer once construction is completed by Technip Energies and the Greater Tortue FPSO has been commissioned (the FPSO Handover ). As of September 30, 2024, we have a million FPSO Contract Liability in Other long-term liabilities related to the deferred sale of the Greater Tortue FPSO. Delivery of the Greater Tortue FPSO to BP Buyer and Handover is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2024. The FPSO Contract Liability will be non-cash settled against FPSO asset costs in our Consolidated Balance Sheet, reducing both assets and liabilities. The Greater Tortue FPSO will then be leased back to BP Operator under a long-term lease agreement, for exclusive use in the Greater Tortue project. Greater Tortue FPSO lease costs will be recognized as oil and gas production expenses as incurred in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 million, net to Kosmos, which will be funded annually by Kosmos over an estimated year period. The contributions into the trust will be invested into various securities. Those investments will be accounted for as trading securities and reported as long-term investments in our consolidated balance sheet and as operating activities in our statement of cash flows. 
 
 Performance Obligations 
 
 million and million, respectively, related to bonding requirements stipulated by the BOEM and other third parties for anticipated plugging and abandonment costs of certain wells and the removal of certain facilities in our U.S. Gulf of Mexico fields. 

14. 
 Revenue payable Current asset retirement obligations General and administrative expenses Interest Income taxes Taxes other than income Derivatives Other 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Liabilities incurred during period Liabilities settled during period ) Revisions in estimated retirement obligations Accretion expense Ending asset retirement obligations 

Other Expenses, Net 
 
 (Gain) loss on asset retirement obligations liability settlements ) Other, net Other expenses, net 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 
 geographic reporting segments: Ghana, Equatorial Guinea, Mauritania/Senegal and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. To assess performance of the reporting segments, the Chief Operating Decision Maker reviews capital expenditures. Capital expenditures, as defined by the Company, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and should be considered in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto. 
 Other income, net ) Total revenues and other income ) Costs and expenses: Oil and gas production Exploration expenses General and administrative ) Depletion, depreciation and amortization Interest and other financing costs, net(1) ) ) ) Derivatives, net ) ) Other expenses, net ) Total costs and expenses ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense ) Net income (loss) ) ) Consolidated capital expenditures 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Other income, net ) Total revenues and other income ) Costs and expenses: Oil and gas production Exploration expenses General and administrative ) Depletion, depreciation and amortization Interest and other financing costs, net(1) ) ) ) Derivatives, net Other expenses, net ) ) Total costs and expenses ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense ) Net income (loss) ) ) Consolidated capital expenditures, net As of September 30, 2024 Property and equipment, net Total assets ) 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Interest expense is recorded based on actual third-party and intercompany debt agreements. Capitalized interest is recorded on the business unit where the assets reside. 
 Ghana 
 Equatorial Guinea Mauritania/Senegal U.S. Gulf of Mexico 
 Corporate Other Eliminations Total (In thousands) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 Revenues and other income: Oil and gas revenue Other income, net ) Total revenues and other income ) Costs and expenses: Oil and gas production Exploration expenses ) General and administrative ) Depletion, depreciation and amortization Interest and other financing costs, net(1) ) ) Derivatives, net Other expenses, net ) Total costs and expenses ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense ) Net income (loss) ) Consolidated capital expenditures, net 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Other income, net ) ) ) Total revenues and other income ) Costs and expenses: Oil and gas production Exploration expenses General and administrative ) Depletion, depreciation and amortization Interest and other financing costs, net(1) ) ) Derivatives, net Other expenses, net ) Total costs and expenses ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense ) Net income (loss) ) Consolidated capital expenditures, net As of September 30, 2023 Property and equipment, net Total assets ) 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Interest expense is recorded based on actual third-party and intercompany debt agreements. Capitalized interest is recorded on the business unit where the assets reside. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Consolidated capital expenditures: Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Investing activities: Oil and gas assets Adjustments: Changes in capital accruals Exploration expense, excluding unsuccessful well costs and leasehold impairments(1) Capitalized interest ) ) Other Total consolidated capital expenditures, net 
 ______________________________________ 
 (1) Costs related to unsuccessful exploratory wells and leaseholds that are subsequently written off to Exploration expense are included in oil and gas assets when incurred. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto contained herein and our annual financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2023, included in our annual report on Form 10-K along with the section Management s Discussion and Analysis of financial condition and Results of Operations contained in such annual report. Any terms used but not defined in the following discussion have the same meaning given to them in the annual report. Our discussion and analysis includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties and should be read in conjunction with Risk Factors under Item 1A of this report and in the annual report, along with Forward-Looking Information at the end of this section for information about the risks and uncertainties that could cause our actual results to be materially different than our forward-looking statements. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a full-cycle, deepwater, independent oil and gas exploration and production company focused along the offshore Atlantic Margins. Our key assets include production offshore Ghana, Equatorial Guinea and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, as well as world-class gas projects offshore Mauritania and Senegal. We also pursue a proven basin exploration program in Equatorial Guinea and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico. 
 
 Globally, the impacts of Russia s war in Ukraine, potential instability in the Middle East, a potential recession, inflationary pressures and other varying macroeconomic conditions have impacted supply and demand for oil and gas, which also has resulted in variability in oil and gas prices. The Company s revenues, earnings, cash flows, capital investments, debt capacity and, ultimately, future rate of growth are highly dependent on these commodity prices. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 
 Corporate 
 
 In September 2024, the Company issued 500.0 million of 8.750 Senior Notes and received net proceeds of approximately 494.9 million after deducting fees. We used the net proceeds, together with cash on hand, to complete the repurchase of an aggregate principal amount of 400.0 million of the 7.125 Senior Notes, 50.0 million of the 7.750 Senior Notes, and approximately 49.7 million of the 7.500 Senior Notes and to pay expenses related to the issuance of the 8.750 Senior Notes. 
 
 In October 2024, pursuant to a voluntary cancellation notice sent by the Company, the Corporate Revolver was terminated. 
 
 Ghana 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, Ghana production averaged approximately 118,800 Boepd gross (40,500 Boepd net). 
 
 The three year infill drilling campaign in Ghana concluded in the second quarter of 2024. The partnership now plans to conduct a new 4D seismic survey on the Jubilee Field starting in early 2025. 
 
 During 2023, the Jubilee partners reached an interim agreement to sell Jubilee Field gas at a price of 2.95 per MMBtu to the Government of Ghana. This interim gas sales agreement has been extended for a further 18 months to November 2025 at a price of approximately 3.00 per MMBtu. 
 
 U.S. Gulf of Mexico 
 
 Production from the U.S. Gulf of Mexico averaged approximately 16,900 Boepd net (~84 oil) for the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 In July 2024, we announced start-up of oil production at the Winterfell development in the Green Canyon area of the U.S. Gulf of Mexico (25 working interest). The Winterfell project is a phased development with the initial two production wells of the first phase brought online in the third quarter of 2024. The third development well was drilled in the second quarter of 2024 and brought online in October 2024. Shortly after startup of the third well, production at the field was curtailed due to 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 sand production from the third well seen at the production facility. We are currently working with the operator to restart production from the first two wells and to evaluate options to remediate the third well. 
 
 The Odd Job Field subsea pump installation project was completed and successfully brought online in July 2024. 
 
 The Kodiak #3 infill well located in Mississippi Canyon was initially brought online in April 2021. The well experienced production issues and was shut-in. In March 2022, the Company commenced operations to plug back and side-track the original Kodiak #3 infill well. The Kodiak-3ST well was brought online in early September 2022. Well results and initial production were in line with expectations, however well productivity declined thereafter. Workover operations were completed in July 2024 and successfully restored well productivity. 
 
 In October 2023, we announced the Tiberius infrastructure-led exploration well, located in Keathley Canyon Block 964 in the Outer Wilcox play, encountered approximately 75 meters (250 feet) of net oil pay in the primary Wilcox target. Initial fluid and core analysis supports the production potential of the well, with characteristics analogous with similar nearby discoveries in the Wilcox trend. During the first quarter of 2024, Kosmos was awarded five blocks in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico Lease Sale 261, including three blocks nearby to our Tiberius discovery. In March 2024, Kosmos completed the acquisition of an additional 16.7 participating interest in the Keathley Canyon Blocks 920 and 964, offshore U.S. Gulf of Mexico. As a result of the transaction, Kosmos participating interest in the Tiberius discovery area increased from 33.3 to 50.0 . The Tiberius project continues to progress as a phased development with discussions ongoing with our partner to finalize the development plan and timing of a final investment decision. 
 Equatorial Guinea 
 
 Production in Equatorial Guinea averaged approximately 22,900 Bopd gross (8,000 Bopd net) in the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 The Ceiba Field and Okume Complex workover and infill drilling campaign commenced in the fourth quarter of 2023, completing one production well workover. However, as a result of safety issues with the drilling rig, the operator terminated the rig contract in early February 2024. In the second quarter of 2024, the partnership secured an alternative rig and drilling contractor to resume the drilling campaign. The infill drilling campaign re-commenced in July 2024 bringing one infill production well in Block G online in October 2024. The second infill production well has been drilled and the partnership expects to bring it online in the fourth quarter of 2024. Following completion of the second infill production well, the rig is contracted to drill the Akeng Deep ILX prospect in Block S, with results expected around the end of the year. 
 
 In October 2024, Kosmos elected to enter the next phase of the Block S exploration license with a scheduled expiration in December 2025 and no well commitments. The election is subject to customary government approvals. 
 
 Mauritania and Senegal 
 
 Greater Tortue Ahmeyim Unit 
 
 The Greater Tortue liquefied natural gas project continues to make good progress. The following milestones have been achieved: 
 
 Drilling: The first batch of four wells has been completed with expected production capacity significantly higher than is required for first gas. 
 
 Hub Terminal: The Hub Terminal has been handed over to operations. 
 
 Subsea: The subsea workscope for first gas is mechanically complete. 
 
 FPSO: The FPSO is ready for startup shortly with first gas expected thereafter. 
 
 FLNG: Cool down and commissioning of the FLNG vessel has commenced with first LNG expected around the end of the fourth quarter of 2024. 

34 

Table of Contents 

 On October 7, 2024, the International Chamber of Commerce informed the Company that a final award had been issued in the arbitration proceedings with BP Gas Marketing regarding future LNG sales from Phase 1 of Greater Tortue Ahmeyim. The final, binding award prohibits the Company from selling LNG cargos to third party buyers during the contract term of the Tortue Phase 1 SPA, which the Company has an option to end in 2033. The final award does not change the terms of the Tortue Phase 1 SPA and is therefore not expected to have an impact on the Company s long-term expectations and financial condition. 
 
 Yakaar and Teranga Discoveries 
 
 The Yakaar and Teranga discoveries continue to be analyzed as a joint development. The participating interests in the Cayar Offshore Profond Block are: Kosmos 90 and PETROSEN 10 , with PETROSEN having the right to increase its participating interest after issuance of an exploitation authorization to up to 35 . In March 2024, the current phase of the Cayar Block exploration license was extended an additional two years to July 2026. Kosmos has completed the concept development work and will now transition towards finalizing the partnership to support advancement of the project. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 
 All of our results, as presented in the table below, represent operations from Ghana, the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and Equatorial Guinea. Certain operating results and statistics for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are included in the following tables: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (In thousands, except per volume data) Sales volumes: Oil (MBbl) 5,135 5,956 15,234 14,448 Gas (MMcf) 3,554 4,046 11,991 9,582 NGL (MBbl) 84 97 232 299 Total (MBoe) 5,811 6,727 17,465 16,344 Total (Boepd) 63,167 73,123 63,739 59,868 Revenues: Oil sales 393,555 511,735 1,230,772 1,166,983 Gas sales 12,586 13,080 42,218 20,514 NGL sales 1,653 1,533 4,807 6,346 Total oil and gas revenue 407,794 526,348 1,277,797 1,193,843 Average oil sales price per Bbl 76.64 85.92 80.79 80.77 Average gas sales price per Mcf 3.54 3.23 3.52 2.14 Average NGL sales price per Bbl 19.68 15.80 20.72 21.22 Average total sales price per Boe 70.18 78.24 73.16 73.04 Costs: Oil and gas production, excluding workovers 132,736 136,556 345,902 278,373 Oil and gas production, workovers 735 2,226 31,920 7,924 Total oil and gas production costs 133,471 138,782 377,822 286,297 Depletion, depreciation and amortization 120,728 132,347 311,750 331,634 Average cost per Boe: Oil and gas production, excluding workovers 22.84 20.30 19.81 17.03 Oil and gas production, workovers 0.13 0.33 1.83 0.48 Total oil and gas production costs 22.97 20.63 21.64 17.51 Depletion, depreciation and amortization 20.77 19.67 17.85 20.29 Total 43.74 40.30 39.49 37.80 

36 

Table of Contents 

 The following table shows the number of wells in the process of being drilled or in active completion stages, and the number of wells suspended or waiting on completion as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 Actively Drilling or Wells Suspended or Completing Waiting on Completion Exploration Development Exploration Development Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Gross Net Ghana Jubilee Unit 3 1.16 TEN 5 1.02 Equatorial Guinea Block S 1 0.40 Block G 
 1 0.40 1 0.40 U.S. Gulf of Mexico Tiberius 
 1 0.50 Mauritania / Senegal Greater Tortue Ahmeyim Unit 1 0.27 Senegal Cayar Profond 3 0.90 Total 1 0.40 6 2.07 9 2.58 
 
 The discussion of the results of operations and the period-to-period comparisons presented below analyze our historical results. The following discussion may not be indicative of future results. 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to three months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Increase 2024 2023 (Decrease) (In thousands) Revenues and other income: Oil and gas revenue 407,794 526,348 (118,554) Other income, net 37 198 (161) Total revenues and other income 407,831 526,546 (118,715) Costs and expenses: Oil and gas production 133,471 138,782 (5,311) Exploration expenses 14,697 10,290 4,407 General and administrative 23,298 25,120 (1,822) Depletion, depreciation and amortization 120,728 132,347 (11,619) Interest and other financing costs, net 22,112 25,440 (3,328) Derivatives, net (15,254) 45,971 (61,225) Other expenses, net 2,227 11,055 (8,828) Total costs and expenses 301,279 389,005 (87,726) Income before income taxes 106,552 137,541 (30,989) Income tax expense 61,578 52,356 9,222 Net income 44,974 85,185 (40,211) 

37 

Table of Contents 

 Oil and gas revenue. Oil and gas revenue decreased by 118.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 as a result of lower sales volumes due to the timing of a TEN oil lifting in Ghana and lower average realized oil and gas prices. We sold 5,811 MBoe at an average realized price per barrel equivalent of 70.18 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 6,727 MBoe at an average realized price per barrel equivalent of 78.24 during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Oil and gas production. Oil and gas production costs decreased by 5.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of the timing of a TEN cargo lifting in Ghana offset by inclusion of operating costs associated with Greater Tortue Ahmeyim and increased production costs in Equatorial Guinea. 
 
 Exploration expenses. Exploration expenses increased by 4.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of increased seismic data acquisition costs in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico business unit. 
 
 Depletion, depreciation and amortization. Depletion, depreciation and amortization decreased by 11.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of the timing of a TEN oil lifting in Ghana and a lower depletion rate per barrel in Jubilee resulting from an increase in reserves at the end of 2023, partially offset by increased production and a higher depletion rate per barrel in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico related to the Winterfell and Odd Job fields, post project completion in the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Interest and other financing costs, net. Interest and other financing costs, net decreased by 3.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of increased capitalized interest related to the Greater Tortue Ahmeyim project partially offset by an increase in interest expense due to higher interest rates. 
 
 Derivatives, net. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded a gain of 15.3 million and a loss of 46.0 million, respectively, on our outstanding hedge positions. The amounts recorded were a result of changes in the forward oil price curve during the respective periods. 
 
 Other expenses, net. Other expenses, net decreased by 8.8 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of loss on asset retirement obligations in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico business unit during the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Income tax expense. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, changes to our effective tax rates are driven by which tax jurisdictions our income before income taxes is generated. The jurisdictions in which we operate have statutory tax rates ranging from 0 to 35 . 

38 

Table of Contents 

 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase 2024 2023 (Decrease) (In thousands) 
 Revenues and other income: Oil and gas revenue 1,277,797 1,193,843 83,954 Other income, net 109 (115) 224 Total revenues and other income 1,277,906 1,193,728 84,178 Costs and expenses: Oil and gas production 377,822 286,297 91,525 Exploration expenses 39,992 33,305 6,687 General and administrative 76,724 77,731 (1,007) Depletion, depreciation and amortization 311,750 331,634 (19,884) Interest and other financing costs, net 75,839 74,379 1,460 Derivatives, net 5,716 42,162 (36,446) Other expenses, net 6,418 17,864 (11,446) Total costs and expenses 894,261 863,372 30,889 Income before income taxes 383,645 330,356 53,289 Income tax expense 187,215 138,517 48,698 Net income 196,430 191,839 4,591 
 
 Oil and gas revenue. Oil and gas revenue increased by 84.0 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily due to higher sales volumes primarily driven by increased production at Jubilee and higher average realized gas prices in Ghana. We sold 17,465 MBoe at an average realized price per barrel equivalent of 73.16 during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 16,344 MBoe at an average realized price per barrel equivalent of 73.04 during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Oil and gas production. Oil and gas production costs increased by 91.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of increased sales volumes, inclusion of operating costs associated with Greater Tortue Ahmeyim and costs incurred related to planned workovers in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and Equatorial Guinea. 
 
 Exploration expenses. Exploration expenses increased by 6.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of increased seismic data acquisition costs in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico business unit. 
 
 Depletion, depreciation and amortization. Depletion, depreciation and amortization decreased 19.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared with the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of a lower depletion rate per barrel in Ghana resulting from an increase in Jubilee reserves at the end of 2023 and a lower cost basis in our TEN Fields due to the impairment loss recorded in the year ended December 31, 2023 partially offset by higher sales volumes in the current year. 
 
 Interest and other financing costs, net. Interest and other financing costs, net increased 1.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily as a result of a 24.8 million loss on debt modifications and extinguishments for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 related to the amendment and restatement of the Facility during the second quarter of 2024 and the repurchase of aggregate principal amounts of the 7.125 Senior Notes, the 7.750 Senior Notes, and the 7.500 Senior Notes during the third quarter of 2024 and increase in interest expense for the period due to higher interest rates offset by increased capitalized interest related to the Greater Tortue Ahmeyim project. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Derivatives, net. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recorded a loss of 5.7 million and a loss of 42.2 million, respectively, on our outstanding hedge positions. The changes recorded were a result of changes in the forward curve of oil prices during the respective periods. 
 
 Other expenses, net. Other expenses, net decreased by 11.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily as a result of loss on asset retirement obligations in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico business unit and approximately 5.4 million of asset impairments recorded in 2023. 
 
 Income tax expense. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, our overall effective tax rates were impacted by the difference in our 21 U.S. income tax reporting rate and the 35 statutory tax rates applicable to our Ghanaian and Equatorial Guinean operations, jurisdictions that have a 0 statutory tax rate or where we have incurred losses and have recorded valuation allowances against the corresponding deferred tax assets, and other non-deductible expenses, primarily in the U.S. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We are actively engaged in an ongoing process of anticipating and meeting our funding requirements related to our strategy as a full-cycle exploration and production company. We have historically met our funding requirements through cash flows generated from our operating activities and obtained additional funding from issuances of equity and debt, as well as partner carries. 
 
 Oil prices are historically volatile and a significant decrease in oil prices could negatively impact our ability to generate sufficient operating cash flows to meet our funding requirements. This volatility could also result in wide fluctuations in future oil prices, which could impact our ability to comply with our financial covenants. To partially mitigate this price volatility, we maintain an active hedging program and review our capital spending program on a regular basis. Our investment decisions are based on longer-term commodity prices based on the nature of our projects and development plans. Current commodity prices, combined with our hedging program and our current liquidity position support our remaining capital program for 2024. 
 
 As such, our 2024 capital budget is based on our exploitation and production plans for Ghana, Equatorial Guinea and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, our infrastructure-led exploration and appraisal program in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and Equatorial Guinea, and our appraisal and development activities in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, Mauritania and Senegal. 
 
 Our future financial condition and liquidity can be impacted by, among other factors, the success of our exploitation, exploration and appraisal drilling programs, the number of commercially viable oil and natural gas discoveries made and the quantities of oil and natural gas discovered, the speed with which we can bring such discoveries to production, the reliability of our oil and gas production facilities, our ability to continuously export oil and gas, our ability to secure and maintain partners and their alignment with respect to capital plans, the actual cost of exploitation, exploration, appraisal and development of our oil and natural gas assets, and coverage of any claims under our insurance policies. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, borrowings under the Facility totaled 850.0 million and the undrawn availability under the Facility was 500.0 million. Additionally, as of September 30, 2024, there were no outstanding borrowings under the Corporate Revolver and the undrawn availability was approximately 165 million. In October 2024, pursuant to a voluntary cancellation notice sent by the Company, the Corporate Revolver was terminated. 
 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Sources and Uses of Cash 
 
 The following table presents the sources and uses of our cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (In thousands) Sources of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Net cash provided by operating activities 502,502 471,394 Net proceeds from issuance of senior notes 885,285 Borrowings under long-term debt 275,000 300,000 1,662,787 771,394 Uses of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash: Oil and gas assets 772,238 611,914 Notes receivable from partners 2,575 46,632 Payments on long-term debt 350,000 145,000 Purchase of capped call transactions 49,800 Repurchase of senior notes 499,515 Dividends 166 Other financing costs 
 35,534 12,345 1,709,662 816,057 Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash (46,875) (44,663) 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities. Net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 502.5 million compared with net cash provided by operating activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 471.4 million. The increase in cash provided by operating activities in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the same period in 2023 is primarily a result of higher sales volumes and higher average realized gas prices for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 offset by higher oil and gas production costs and changes in working capital. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

The following table presents our liquidity and financial position as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (In thousands) Outstanding debt principal balances: 
 Facility 850,000 925,000 7.125 Senior Notes 250,000 650,000 7.750 Senior Notes 350,000 400,000 7.500 Senior Notes 400,274 450,000 8.750 Senior Notes 500,000 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes 400,000 Total long-term debt 2,750,274 2,425,000 Cash and cash equivalents 51,581 95,345 Total restricted cash 305 3,416 Net debt 2,698,388 2,326,239 Availability under the Facility 500,000 325,000 Availability under the Corporate Revolver(1) 163,750 250,000 Available borrowings plus cash and cash equivalents 715,331 670,345 
 (1) In October 2024, pursuant to a voluntary cancellation notice sent by the Company, the Corporate Revolver was terminated. 
 
 Capital Expenditures and Investments 
 
 We expect to incur capital costs as we: 
 
 drill additional infill wells and execute exploitation and production activities in Ghana, Equatorial Guinea and the U.S. Gulf of Mexico; 
 
 execute appraisal and development activities in Ghana, the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, Mauritania and Senegal; and 
 
 execute infrastructure-led exploration and appraisal efforts in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico and Equatorial Guinea. 
 
 We have relied on a number of assumptions in budgeting for our future activities. These include the number of wells we plan to drill, our paying interests in our operations including disproportionate payment amounts, the costs involved in developing or participating in the development of a prospect, the timing of third party projects, the availability of suitable equipment and qualified personnel and our cash flows from operations. We also evaluate potential corporate and asset acquisition opportunities to support and expand our asset portfolio which may impact our budget assumptions. These assumptions are inherently subject to significant business, political, economic, regulatory, health, environmental and competitive uncertainties, contingencies and risks, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. We may need to raise additional funds more quickly if market conditions deteriorate, or one or more of our assumptions proves to be incorrect, or if we choose to expand our acquisition, exploration, appraisal, development efforts or any other activity more rapidly than we presently anticipate. We may decide to raise additional funds before we need them if the conditions for raising capital are favorable. We may seek to sell assets, equity or debt securities or obtain additional bank credit facilities. The sale of equity securities could result in dilution to our shareholders. The incurrence of additional indebtedness could result in increased fixed obligations and additional covenants that could restrict our operations. 
 
 2024 Capital Program 
 We estimate we will spend around 800 million of capital for the year ending December 31, 2024, excluding any acquisitions or divestiture of oil and gas properties during the year. This capital expenditure budget consists of: 
 Approximately 350 million related to maintenance activities across our Ghana, Equatorial Guinea and U.S. Gulf of Mexico assets, including infill development drilling and integrity spend; 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Approximately 375 million related to the development of Phase 1 of Greater Tortue Ahmeyim in Mauritania and Senegal and Winterfell in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico; 
 
 Approximately 75 million related to progressing our infrastructure-led exploration and appraisal programs in the U.S. Gulf of Mexico, including Tiberius appraisal activities, and the drilling of the ILX prospect Akeng Deep in Equatorial Guinea, as well as the appraisal plans of our greater gas resources in Mauritania and Senegal, including the next phase of Greater Tortue Ahmeyim and Yakaar-Teranga. 
 
 The ultimate amount of capital we will spend may fluctuate materially based on market conditions and the success of our exploitation and drilling results among other factors. Our future financial condition and liquidity will be impacted by, among other factors, our level of production of oil and the prices we receive from the sale of oil, our ability to effectively hedge future production volumes, the success of our multi-faceted infrastructure-led exploration and appraisal drilling programs, the number of commercially viable oil and natural gas discoveries made and the quantities of oil and natural gas discovered, the speed with which we can bring such discoveries to production, our partners alignment with respect to capital plans, and the actual cost of exploitation, exploration, appraisal and development of our oil and natural gas assets, and coverage of any claims under our insurance policies. 
 Significant Sources of Capital 
 
 Facility 
 
 The Facility supports our oil and gas exploration, appraisal and development programs and corporate activities. The amount of funds available to be borrowed under the Facility, also known as the borrowing base amount, is determined every March and September. The borrowing base amount is based on the sum of the net present values of net cash flows and relevant capital expenditures reduced by certain percentages as well as value attributable to certain assets reserves and/or resources in the Jubilee and TEN Fields in Ghana and the Ceiba Field and Okume Complex in Equatorial Guinea. As of September 30, 2024, borrowings under the Facility totaled 850.0 million and the undrawn availability under the Facility was 500.0 million. 
 
 In April 2024, in conjunction with the spring borrowing base redetermination, the Company executed an amendment and restatement of the Facility. The amendment includes the following material changes: an increase in the Facility size and borrowing base capacity to 1.35 billion (from 1.25 billion), an increase in the interest margin by 0.25 or 0.50 , depending on the length of time that has passed from the date the Facility was entered into, and an extension in the tenor by approximately three years (final maturity date now occurs December 31, 2029). The amended Facility size and borrowing base capacity of approximately 1.35 billion was capped by total commitments of approximately 1.21 billion as of June 30, 2024. In September 2024, we added two new lenders to the Facility syndicate, increasing current total commitments by approximately 145.0 million to the full Facility size and borrowing base capacity of 1.35 billion. The available facility amount is subject to borrowing base constraints and, beginning on April 1, 2027, outstanding borrowings will be constrained by an amortization schedule. 
 
 In October 2024, during the Fall 2024 redetermination, the Company s lending syndicate approved a borrowing base capacity of 1.35 billion. 
 
 The Facility provides a revolving credit and letter of credit facility. The availability period for the revolving credit facility expires one month prior to the final maturity date. The letter of credit facility expires on the final maturity date. As of September 30, 2024, we had no letters of credit issued under the Facility. We have the right to cancel all the undrawn commitments under the amended and restated Facility. 
 
 If an event of default exists under the Facility, the lenders can accelerate the maturity and exercise other rights and remedies, including the enforcement of security granted pursuant to the Facility over certain assets. We were in compliance with the financial covenants contained in the Facility as of September 30, 2024 (the most recent assessment date). The Facility contains customary cross default provisions. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The U.S. and many foreign economies continue to experience uncertainty driven by varying macroeconomic conditions. Although some of these economies have shown signs of improvement, macroeconomic recovery remains uneven. Uncertainty in the macroeconomic environment and associated global economic conditions have resulted in extreme volatility in credit, equity, and foreign currency markets, including the European sovereign debt markets and volatility in various other markets. If any of the financial institutions within our Facility are unable to perform on their commitments, our liquidity could be impacted. We actively monitor all of the financial institutions participating in our Facility. None of the financial institutions have indicated to us that they may be unable to perform on their commitments. In addition, we periodically review our banking and financing relationships, considering the stability of the institutions and other aspects of the relationships. Based on our monitoring activities, we currently believe our banks will be able to perform on their commitments. 
 Corporate Revolver 
 
 The Corporate Revolver is available for general corporate purposes and for oil and gas exploration, appraisal and development programs. In April 2024, in connection with the amendment and restatement of the Facility, we amended the Corporate Revolver reducing the borrowing capacity from 250.0 million to approximately 165 million. All of the commitments that were cancelled (either in full or in part) under the Corporate Revolver were transferred to the Facility as part of the amendment and restatement. As of September 30, 2024, there were no outstanding borrowings under the Corporate Revolver and the undrawn availability was approximately 165 million. 
 
 The available amount is not subject to borrowing base constraints. We have the right to cancel all the undrawn commitments under the Corporate Revolver. We are required to repay certain amounts due under the Corporate Revolver with sales of certain subsidiaries or sales of certain assets. If an event of default exists under the Corporate Revolver, the lenders can accelerate the maturity and exercise other rights and remedies, including the enforcement of security granted pursuant to the Corporate Revolver over certain assets held by us. 
 
 We were in compliance with the financial covenants contained in the Corporate Revolver as of September 30, 2024 (the most recent assessment date). The Corporate Revolver contains customary cross default provisions. 
 
 In October 2024, pursuant to a voluntary cancellation notice sent by the Company, the Corporate Revolver was terminated. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 
 We have four series of senior notes outstanding as of September 30, 2024, which we collectively refer to as the Senior Notes. Our 7.125 Senior Notes have an outstanding balance of 250.0 million and mature on April 4, 2026. Interest is payable on the 7.125 Senior Notes each April 4 and October 4. Our 7.750 Senior Notes have an outstanding balance of 350.0 million and mature on May 1, 2027. Interest is payable on the 7.750 Senior Notes each May 1 and November 1. Our 7.500 Senior Notes have an outstanding balance of approximately 400.3 million and mature on March 1, 2028. Interest is payable on the 7.500 Senior Notes each March 1 and September 1. In September 2024, the Company issued 500.0 million of 8.750 Senior Notes that mature on October 1, 2031. Interest is payable on the 8.750 Senior Notes each April 1 and October 1. 
 The Senior Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of Kosmos Energy Ltd. and rank equally in right of payment with all of its existing and future senior indebtedness (including all borrowings under the Corporate Revolver and the 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes) and rank effectively junior in right of payment to all of its existing and future secured indebtedness (including all borrowings under the Facility). The Senior Notes are jointly and severally guaranteed on a senior, unsecured basis by certain subsidiaries owning the Company's U.S. Gulf of Mexico assets, and on a subordinated, unsecured basis by entities that borrow under, or guarantee, our Facility. 
 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes due 2030 
 We have one series of senior convertible notes outstanding. Our 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes mature on March 15, 2030, unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. Interest is payable in arrears each March 15 and September 15, commencing September 15, 2024. 
 The 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes are senior, unsecured obligations of Kosmos Energy Ltd. and rank equal in right of payment with all of its existing and future senior indebtedness (including all borrowings under the Corporate Revolver and the Senior Notes) and rank effectively junior in right of payment to all of its existing and future secured indebtedness (including all borrowings under the Facility, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness). The 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes are guaranteed on a senior, unsecured basis by certain of our existing subsidiaries that guarantee on a senior basis the Corporate Revolver and the Senior Notes, and, in certain circumstances, certain of our other existing or future subsidiaries. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 The 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes are guaranteed on a subordinated, unsecured basis by certain of our existing subsidiaries that borrow under or guarantee the Facility and guarantee on a subordinated basis the Corporate Revolver and the Senior Notes, and, in certain circumstances, certain of our other existing or future subsidiaries. 
 Holders of the 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes may convert all or any portion of their 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding December 15, 2029 
 only under the following circumstances: 
 
 during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on June 30, 2024 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of our common stock for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive) during a period of 30 consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to 130 of the conversion price on each applicable trading day; 
 
 during the five business day period after any five consecutive trading day period (the measurement period in which the trading price per 1,000 principal amount of 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes for each trading day of the measurement period was less than 98 of the product of the last reported sale price of our common stock and the conversion rate on each such trading day; 
 
 if we call any or all of the 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes for redemption, the 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption may be converted at any time prior to the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the redemption date; or 
 
 upon the occurrence of certain specified corporate events. 
 
 On or after December 15, 2029 until the close of business on the second scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, holders may convert at any time all or any portion of their 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes at the option of the holder. 
 
 The conversion rate for the 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes is initially 142.4501 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes (which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately 7.02 per share of our common stock), subject to adjustments. 
 
 Upon conversion, we will pay cash up to the aggregate principal amount of the 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes to be converted and pay or deliver, as the case may be, cash, shares of our common stock or a combination of cash and shares of our common stock, at our election, in respect of the remainder, if any, of our conversion obligation in excess of the aggregate principal amount of the 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes being converted. The amount of cash and shares of our common stock, if any, due upon conversion will be based on a daily conversion value calculated on a proportionate basis for each trading day in a 40 consecutive trading day observation period. 
 
 In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date or if we deliver a notice of redemption, we will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes in connection with such a corporate event or to convert its 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes called (or deemed called) for redemption in connection with such notice of redemption, as the case may be. 
 
 Other than in connection with certain tax law changes, we may not redeem the notes prior to March 22, 2027. We may redeem for cash all or any portion of the 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes, at our option, on or after March 22, 2027 and prior to the 41st scheduled trading day immediately preceding the maturity date, if the last reported sale price of our common stock has been at least 130 of the conversion price then in effect for at least 20 trading days (whether or not consecutive), including the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide notice of redemption, during any 30 consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which we provide the related notice of redemption, at a redemption price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. We are not required to redeem or retire the 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes periodically. We may not elect to redeem less than all of the outstanding 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes unless at least 75.0 million aggregate principal amount of 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes are outstanding and not subject to redemption as of the time we send the related redemption notice. The 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes indenture contains customary terms and covenants. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 In connection with the issuance of the 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes, the Company entered into capped call transactions (the Capped Call Transactions ). The Capped Call Transactions are generally expected to reduce potential dilution to holders of our common stock upon any conversion of the 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes and/or offset any cash payments that we are required to make in excess of the principal amount of any 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes that are converted, as the case may be, with such reduction and/or offset subject to a cap. 
 
 The Capped Call Transactions have an initial cap price of 10.80 per share, which represents a premium of 100 over the last reported sale price of our common stock on March 5, 2024, and is subject to certain adjustments under the terms of the Capped Call Transactions. The Capped Call Transactions cover, initially, the number of shares of our common stock underlying the 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes, subject to anti-dilution adjustments substantially similar to those applicable to the conversion rate of the 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The following table summarizes by period the payments due for our estimated contractual obligations as of September 30, 2024, and the weighted average interest rates expected to be paid on the Facility and Corporate Revolver given current contractual terms and market conditions, and the instrument s estimated fair value. Weighted-average interest rates are based on implied forward rates in the yield curve at the reporting date. This table does not include amortization of deferred financing costs. 
 Asset (Liability) Fair Value at Years Ending December 31, September 30, 2024(2) 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 2024 (In thousands, except percentages) Fixed rate debt: 7.125 Senior Notes 250,000 250,000 249,032 7.750 Senior Notes 350,000 350,000 347,043 7.500 Senior Notes 400,274 400,274 387,878 8.750 Senior Notes 
 500,000 500,000 493,955 3.125 Convertible Senior Notes 
 400,000 400,000 374,920 Variable rate debt: Weighted average interest rate 9.29 7.86 7.99 8.21 8.81 9.06 Facility(1) 283,375 566,625 850,000 850,000 Total principal debt repayments 
 250,000 350,000 683,649 1,466,625 2,750,274 Interest commitment fee payments on long-term debt 91,854 241,162 219,922 181,602 141,450 182,078 1,058,068 Operating leases(3) 
 1,042 4,215 4,286 4,215 3,844 2,808 20,410 Purchase obligations(4) 
 7,875 27,662 35,537 Decommissioning Trust Funds(5) 
 11,460 11,460 11,460 11,460 11,460 91,600 148,900 Firm transportation commitments 
 520 3,472 4,413 2,222 10,627 
 __________________________________ 
 
 (1) The amounts included in the table represent principal maturities only. The scheduled maturities of debt related to the Facility are based on the level of borrowings and the available borrowing base as of September 30, 2024. Any increases or decreases in the level of borrowings or increases or decreases in the available borrowing base would impact the scheduled maturities of debt during the next five years and thereafter. 
 (2) Represents the period October 1, 2024 through December 31, 2024. 
 (3) Primarily relates to corporate and foreign office leases. 
 (4) Represents gross contractual obligations to execute planned future capital projects. Other joint owners in the properties operated by Kosmos will be billed for their working interest share of such costs. Does not include our share of operator s purchase commitments for jointly owned fields and facilities where we are not the operator and excludes commitments for exploration activities, including well commitments and seismic obligations, in our petroleum contracts. The Company s liabilities for asset retirement obligations associated with the dismantlement, abandonment and restoration costs of oil and gas properties are not included. See Note 14 - Additional Financial Information for additional information regarding these liabilities. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 (5) In April 2024, a Decommissioning Trust agreement with the Jubilee unit partners to cash fund future retirement obligations associated with the Jubilee Field was finalized. The operator currently estimates the total commitment to be approximately 148.9 million, net to Kosmos, which will be funded annually by Kosmos over an estimated 13 year period. The contributions into the trust will be invested into various securities. Those investments will be accounted for as trading securities and reported as long-term investments in our consolidated balance sheet and as operating activities in our statement of cash flows. It is possible that our funding requirements could change based on future changes in the decommissioning plan or estimates. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have a commitment to drill two development wells and one exploration well in Equatorial Guinea. One of the two development wells is currently being drilled. 
 
 In February 2019, Kosmos and BP signed Carry Advance Agreements with the national oil companies of Mauritania and Senegal, which obligate us separately to finance the respective national oil companies share of certain development and production costs. Kosmos total share for the two agreements combined is currently estimated at approximately 370.0 million, of which 261.8 million has been incurred through September 30, 2024, excluding accrued interest. These amounts will be repaid through the national oil companies share of future revenues. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have a 200.2 million FPSO Contract Liability in Other long-term liabilities related to the deferred sale of the Greater Tortue FPSO. Delivery of the Greater Tortue FPSO to BP Buyer and Handover is expected to occur in the fourth quarter of 2024. The FPSO Contract Liability will be non-cash settled against FPSO asset costs in our Consolidated Balance Sheet, reducing both assets and liabilities. The Greater Tortue FPSO will then be leased back to BP Operator under a long-term lease agreement, for exclusive use in the Greater Tortue project. Greater Tortue FPSO lease costs will be recognized as oil and gas production expenses as incurred in our Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 We consider accounting policies related to our revenue recognition, exploration and development costs, receivables, income taxes, derivative instruments and hedging activities, estimates of proved oil and natural gas reserves, asset retirement obligations and impairment of long-lived assets as critical accounting policies. The policies include significant estimates made by management using information available at the time the estimates are made. However, these estimates could change materially if different information or assumptions were used. Other than items discussed in Note 2 Accounting Policies, there have been no changes to our critical accounting policies which are summarized in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations section in our annual report on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements 
 
 This quarterly report on Form 10-Q contains estimates and forward-looking statements, principally in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Our estimates and forward-looking statements are mainly based on our current expectations and estimates of future events and trends, which affect or may affect our businesses and operations. Although we believe that these estimates and forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, they are subject to several risks and uncertainties and are made in light of information currently available to us. Many important factors, in addition to the factors described in our quarterly report on Form 10-Q and our annual report on Form 10-K, may adversely affect our results as indicated in forward-looking statements. You should read this quarterly report on Form 10-Q, the annual report on Form 10-K and the documents that we have filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. Our estimates and forward-looking statements may be influenced by the following factors, among others: 
 
 the impact of a potential regional or global recession, inflationary pressures and other varying macroeconomic conditions on us and the overall business environment; 
 the impacts of Russia s war in Ukraine and potential instability in the Middle East and the effects these events have on the oil and gas industry as a whole, including increased volatility with respect to oil, natural gas and NGL prices and operating and capital expenditures; 
 our ability to find, acquire or gain access to other discoveries and prospects and to successfully develop and produce from our current discoveries and prospects; 
 uncertainties inherent in making estimates of our oil and natural gas data; 
 the successful implementation of our and our block partners prospect discovery and development and drilling plans; 
 projected and targeted capital expenditures and other costs, commitments and revenues; 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 termination of or intervention in concessions, rights or authorizations granted to us by the governments of the countries in which we operate (or their respective national oil companies) or any other federal, state or local governments or authorities; 
 our dependence on our key management personnel and our ability to attract and retain qualified technical personnel; 
 the ability to obtain financing and to comply with the terms under which such financing may be available; 
 the volatility of oil, natural gas and NGL prices, as well as our ability to implement hedges addressing such volatility on commercially reasonable terms; 
 the availability, cost, function and reliability of developing appropriate infrastructure around and transportation to our discoveries and prospects; 
 the availability and cost of drilling rigs, production equipment, supplies, personnel and oilfield services; 
 other competitive pressures; 
 potential liabilities inherent in oil and natural gas operations, including drilling and production risks and other operational and environmental risks and hazards; 
 current and future government regulation of the oil and gas industry, applicable monetary/foreign exchange sectors or regulation of the investment in or ability to do business with certain countries or regimes; 
 cost of compliance with laws and regulations; 
 changes in, or new, environmental, health and safety or climate change or GHG laws, regulations and executive orders, or the implementation, or interpretation, of those laws, regulations and executive orders; 
 adverse effects of sovereign boundary disputes in the jurisdictions in which we operate; 
 environmental liabilities; 
 geological, geophysical and other technical and operations problems, including drilling and oil and gas production and processing; 
 military operations, civil unrest, outbreaks of disease, terrorist acts, wars or embargoes; 
 the cost and availability of adequate insurance coverage and whether such coverage is enough to sufficiently mitigate potential losses and whether our insurers comply with their obligations under our coverage agreements; 
 our vulnerability to severe weather events, including, but not limited to, tropical storms and hurricanes, and the physical effects of climate change; 
 our ability to meet our obligations under the agreements governing our indebtedness; 
 the availability and cost of financing and refinancing our indebtedness; 
 the amount of collateral required to be posted from time to time in our hedging transactions, letters of credit, performance bonds and other secured debt; 
 our ability to obtain surety or performance bonds on commercially reasonable terms; 
 the result of any legal proceedings, arbitrations, or investigations we may be subject to or involved in; 
 our success in risk management activities, including the use of derivative financial instruments to hedge commodity and interest rate risks; and 
 other risk factors discussed in the Item 1A. Risk Factors section of our quarterly reports on Form 10-Q and our annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 The words believe, may, will, aim, estimate, continue, anticipate, intend, expect, plan and similar words are intended to identify estimates and forward-looking statements. Estimates and forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they were made, and, except to the extent required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or to review any estimate and/or forward-looking statement because of new information, future events or other factors. Estimates and forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties and are not guarantees of future performance. As a result of the risks and uncertainties described above, the estimates and forward-looking statements discussed in this quarterly report on Form 10-Q might not occur, and our future results and our performance may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements due to, including, but not limited to, the factors mentioned above. Because of these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. 

Item 3. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 The primary objective of the following information is to provide forward-looking quantitative and qualitative information about our potential exposure to market risks. The term market risks as it relates to our currently anticipated transactions refers to the risk of loss arising from changes in commodity prices and interest rates. These disclosures are not meant to be precise indicators of expected future losses, but rather indicators of reasonably possible losses. This forward-looking information provides indicators of how we view and manage ongoing market risk exposures. We enter into market-risk sensitive instruments for purposes other than to speculate. 
 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 We manage market and counterparty credit risk in accordance with our policies. In accordance with these policies and guidelines, our management determines the appropriate timing and extent of derivative transactions. See Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Note 2 Accounting Policies, Note 9 Derivative Financial Instruments and Note 10 Fair Value Measurements section of our annual report on Form 10-K for a description of the accounting procedures we follow relative to our derivative financial instruments. 
 
 The following table reconciles the changes that occurred in fair values of our open derivative contracts during the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Derivative Contracts Assets (Liabilities) Commodities Interest Rates 
 Total 
 (In thousands) Fair value of contracts outstanding as of December 31, 2023 6,765 6,765 Changes in contract fair value (10,526) (1,282) (11,808) Contract maturities 14,754 14,754 Fair value of contracts outstanding as of September 30, 2024 10,993 (1,282) 9,711 
 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 
 The Company s revenues, earnings, cash flows, capital investments and, ultimately, future rate of growth are highly dependent on the prices we receive for our crude oil, which have historically been very volatile. Substantially all of our oil sales are indexed against Dated Brent, and Heavy Louisiana Sweet. Oil prices in the first nine months of 2024 ranged between 70.56 and 93.35 per Bbl for Dated Brent, with Heavy Louisiana Sweet experiencing similar volatility during the first nine months of 2024. 
 
 Commodity Derivative Instruments 
 
 We enter into various oil derivative contracts to mitigate our exposure to commodity price risk associated with anticipated future oil production. These contracts currently consist of collars, put options and call options. In regards to our obligations under our various commodity derivative instruments, if our production does not exceed our existing hedged positions, our exposure to our commodity derivative instruments would increase. In addition, a reduction in our ability to access credit could reduce our ability to implement derivative contracts on commercially reasonable terms. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Commodity Price Sensitivity 
 
 The following table provides information about our oil derivative financial instruments that were sensitive to changes in oil prices as of September 30, 2024. Volumes and weighted average prices are net of any offsetting derivatives entered into. 
 Weighted Average Price per Bbl Asset Net Deferred (Liability) Premium Fair Value at Payable/ Sold September 30, Term Type of Contract Index MBbl (Receivable) Swap Put Floor Ceiling 2024(1) 
 (In thousands) 2024: Oct - Dec 
 Three-way collars Dated Brent 2,000 1.15 45.00 70.00 93.12 1,719 Oct - Dec Two-way collars 
 Dated Brent 
 500 0.46 70.00 100.00 820 2025: Jan - Jun 
 Two-way collars 
 Dated Brent 2,000 0.50 70.00 95.00 8,538 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) Fair values are based on the average forward oil prices on September 30, 2024. 
 
 In October 2024, we entered into Dated Brent two-way collar contracts for 2.0 MMBbl from January 2025 through December 2025 with a floor price of 70.00 per barrel and a ceiling price of 85.00 per barrel. In addition, we entered into Dated Brent swap contracts for 2.0 MMBbl from January 2025 through June 2025 with a weighted average fixed price of 75.48 per barrel and Dated Brent call spread contracts with a purchased price of 95.00 per barrel and a sold price of 85.00 per barrel for 2.0 MMBbl from January 2025 through June 2025, effectively reducing the ceiling on our 2025 two-way collars to 85.00 per barrel. 
 At September 30, 2024, our open commodity derivative instruments were in a net asset position of 11.1. million. As of September 30, 2024, a hypothetical 10 price increase in the commodity futures price curves would decrease future pre-tax earnings by approximately 9.2 million. Similarly, a hypothetical 10 price decrease would increase future pre-tax earnings by approximately 18.9 million. 
 
 Interest Rate Derivative Instruments 
 
 See Note 8 Derivative Financial Instruments and Note 9 Fair Value Measurements for specific information regarding the terms of our interest rate derivative instruments that are sensitive to changes in interest rates. 
 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 
 Changes in market interest rates affect the amount of interest we pay on certain of our borrowings. Outstanding borrowings under the Facility, which as of September 30, 2024 total 850.0 million and have a weighted average interest rate of 9.3 , are subject to variable interest rates which expose us to the risk of earnings or cash flow loss due to potential increases in market interest rates. If the floating market rate increased 10 at this level of floating rate debt, we would pay an estimated additional 3.7 million interest expense per year. The impact of the 2025 fixed interest rate swap would reduce the estimated additional interest expense to 1.5 million for the twelve months ending December 31, 2025. The commitment fees on the undrawn availability under the Facility and the Corporate Revolver are not subject to changes in interest rates. All of our other long-term indebtedness is fixed rate and does not expose us to the risk of cash flow loss due to changes in market interest rates. Additionally, a change in the market interest rates could impact interest costs associated with future debt issuances or any future borrowings and future payments associated with the Tortue FPSO lease arrangement. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the fair market value of our interest rate swaps was a net liability of approximately 1.3 million. If SOFR changed by 10 , it would have a negligible impact on the fair market value of our interest rate swaps. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 As of the end of the period covered by this report, an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) was performed under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. This evaluation considered the various processes carried out under the direction of our disclosure committee in an effort to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the SEC reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accurate, complete and timely. However, a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. The design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefit of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Consequently, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within our company have been detected. Based upon this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024, in ensuring that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, including that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Evaluation of Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 There have been no material changes from the information concerning legal proceedings discussed in the Item 3. Legal Proceedings section of our annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes from the risks discussed in the Item 1A. Risk Factors sections of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 
 
 There have been no material changes required to be reported under this Item that have not previously been disclosed in the annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Kosmos Energy Ltd. (Registrant) Date November 4, 2024 /s/ NEAL D. SHAH Neal D. Shah Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 The information required by this Item 6 is set forth in the Index to Exhibits accompanying this quarterly report on Form 10 Q. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 INDEX OF EXHIBITS 
 
 Exhibit Number Description of Document 10.1 
 Exit Agreement between Kosmos Energy, LLC and Jason E. Doughty dated July 8, 2024 . 
 10.2 Indenture dated September 24, 2024 among the Company, the guarantors named therein, Wilmington Trust, National Association, as trustee, paying agent, transfer agent and registrar, and Circumference Services S. .r.l., as Luxembourg paying agent, listing agent, registrar and transfer agent (filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed September 24, 2024 (File No. 001-35167), and incorporated herein by reference). 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 ___________________________________ 

53 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex101-jdoughtyexitagreement.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 
 Exhibit 10.1 

EXIT AGREEMENT 
 This Exit Agreement (the Agreement is made and entered into effective as of the Effective Date (as defined below), between Kosmos Energy, LLC Company and Jason E. Doughty Retiree and, together with Company, the Parties ). In connection with this Agreement, the Parties acknowledge that (a) Company is a premier international oil and gas exploration and production company (the Business ), (b) Retiree will be age 60 or over as of the Retirement Date, has been employed by Company for over five years, and serves as a member of Company s Senior Leadership Team, (c) Retiree timely initiated the retirement process in accordance with Company guidelines, (d) Retiree completed the transition process to Company s satisfaction, and (e) the Parties desire to enter into this Agreement to protect stockholder relations, goodwill, and other legitimate interests (together, the Interests ). Accordingly, and in consideration of the mutual promises below and for other valuable consideration, the Parties agree to the following terms 
 
 1. Retirement from Employment . Retiree acknowledges that Retiree will retire from Retiree s employment with Company effective 31 January, 2025 (the Retirement Date ). Retiree will receive certain Vesting Benefits (as defined below in subparagraph 4(a)) (the Post-Retirement Benefit provided that Retiree executes this Agreement and does not revoke Retiree s acceptance. 
 
 1. Duties and Responsibilities During Transition Period . Effective as of July 8, 2024 (the Notification Date ), the Retiree shall be relieved of his duties, responsibilities, and authorities for the Company and its affiliates except as expressly provided below. Between the Notification Date and the Retirement Date (the Transition Period ), the Retiree shall cooperate fully and completely with the Company, at its request, in all matters in which it reasonably requests assistance, including without limitation continued oversight of all pending litigation, and all matters relating to the transition of his duties, responsibilities, and authorities for the Company and its affiliates (the Transition Duties ). The Transition Duties include but are not limited to the Retiree promptly responding to telephone calls, e-mails, text messages, and other communications from the Company, its employees, and its representatives (including but not limited to outside legal counsel), meeting with such individuals at reasonable times upon their request, and promptly providing any reasonably requested assistance and performing any reasonably requested duties to the best of his ability. Retiree agrees and acknowledges that, during the Transition Period, he will report directly to Andrew Inglis, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and will also have a dotted line reporting to Josh Marion, Senior Vice President and General Counsel for the Company, for purposes of overseeing pending litigation during the Transition Period. In addition, the parties acknowledge that the Company shall be permitted to monitor the Retiree s Company e-mail account for business purposes at all times during and after the Transition Period. 
 
 1. Retirement Benefits . The Retiree shall receive the following payments and benefits in accordance with the existing policies of the Company, or at the sole discretion of the Company, pursuant to his employment with the Company and his participation in its employee benefit plans 
 
 i. Pay and Benefits . The Retiree shall be entitled to his regular base salary and current benefits package, subject to applicable taxes and withholdings, through the Retirement Date. Additionally, (i) the Retiree shall remain eligible to receive his 2024 performance-based bonus subject to his performance and achievement of 

relevant key performance indicators (the 2024 Bonus and (ii) the Retiree s stock awards will vest consistent with the terms of the Kosmos Energy Ltd. Long Term Incentive Plan (the LTIP and the applicable award agreement (subject to paragraph 4). If the Retiree (i) remains an active employee in good standing with Kosmos through the Retirement Date, (ii) timely signs without modification and does not revoke this Agreement, (iii) timely signs without modification and does not revoke the Renewal and Ratification of Release attached as Exhibit A to this Agreement and incorporated herein by reference (the Ratification ), and (iv) returns all Kosmos property within his possession, Kosmos will pay the 2024 portion of the Retirement Benefit within ten business days after the Effective Date (as defined below). 
 
 b. Right to Continue Certain Insurance Benefits . The Retiree shall have the right to continue after the Retirement Date his group health, dental, and vision insurance benefits, if any, for himself and his dependents, at his own expense in accordance with the Consolidated Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act COBRA ). The Retiree should complete an insurance continuation election form, which will be furnished to him under separate cover, and timely return it if he wishes to apply to continue his insurance coverage under COBRA. 
 
 1. Post-Retirement Benefit . Contingent upon the Retiree s timely acceptance and non-revocation of this Agreement and timely acceptance and non-revocation of the Ratification , the Company shall provide the Retiree the following Post-Retirement Benefits 
 
 a. Vesting Benefits . Exhibit B sets forth each outstanding restricted share unit RSU award and performance share unit PSU award previously granted to Retiree under the LTIP and described in applicable award agreements (the Award Agreements ). With respect to each outstanding RSU award and PSU award held by Retiree that, as of the Retirement Date, has been outstanding for at least one year following the applicable grant date (collectively, the Eligible Awards ), Company agrees to amend and waive, in accordance with the terms of the LTIP and the individual RSU and PSU Award Agreements granted to Retiree thereunder, all or any portion of the continued service-based vesting conditions applicable to such Eligible Awards (the Vesting Benefits and delete any forfeiture requirements based on Retiree s retirement provided that (i) in the case of any Eligible Award that is subject to performance-vesting conditions, the vesting of such award will remain subject to the satisfaction of the applicable performance-vesting conditions, (ii) the Eligible Awards will remain subject to all other terms and conditions applicable to such Eligible Awards pursuant to the LTIP and the applicable Award Agreements, and (iii) the Eligible Awards will convert into common stock of Company in accordance with their original vesting settlement schedule. Any other provision of the LTIP to the contrary notwithstanding, the Vesting Benefits will apply only if Retiree complies with all terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, this subparagraph (a) will not apply to any Eligible Awards to the extent such application would cause such Eligible Award to be subject to an additional tax under section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended. 

1. General Release . In exchange for the Post-Retirement Benefit, Retiree releases, acquits, and forever discharges (i) Company, (ii) any parent, subsidiary, or affiliated entity of Company, (iii) any current or former officer, stockholder, member, director, partner, agent, manager, employee, representative, insurer, or attorney of the entities described in (i) or (ii), (iv) any 

employee benefit plan sponsored or administered by any person or entity described in (i), (ii), or (iii), and (v) any successor or assign of any person or entity described in (i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) (collectively, the Company Parties from, and waive to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, any and all claims, liabilities, demands, and causes of action of whatever character, whether known or unknown, fixed or contingent, or vicarious, derivative, or direct, that Retiree may have or claim against Company or any of the other Company Parties. Retiree understands that this general release includes, but is not limited to, any and all claims arising under federal, state, or local laws prohibiting employment discrimination, including the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, or other claims growing out of, resulting from, or connected in any way with Retiree s employment with or retirement from Company, including any right or claim to compensation, payment, or other benefit under Company s September 1, 2011 offer-of-employment letter to Retiree. Retiree understands that this Agreement does not waive any rights or claims against Company or any of the other Company Parties that may arise after the date on which Retiree signs it. Retiree further understands that nothing in this Agreement waives (i) any benefits to which Retiree has a vested entitlement under the terms of the applicable employee benefit plans established by Company, or (ii) any right or claim to indemnification or defense of any claims for acts taken by Retiree during Retiree s employment with Company on the same terms as indemnification is made available by Company to other executive employees, officers, or directors, whether through Company s bylaws, directors and officers liability insurance, or otherwise. 
 
 1. Acceptance of Agreement . Retiree understands that Retiree may accept the terms of this Agreement by signing and dating the last page and returning all pages to Erin Al-Salman, Vice President of Human Resources, by email at eal-salman kosmosenergy.com , no later than July 24, 2024, which Retiree acknowledges is at least 21 days from the date Retiree first received it. Retiree further understands that if Retiree is unable to email the signed Agreement, Retiree may mail it to Erin Al-Salman at 8176 Park Lane, Suite 500, Dallas, Texas 75231, so long as it is postmarked no later than July 24, 2024. Retiree represents and warrants that, except for modifications expressly agreed to by Company, Retiree has not modified this Agreement as it was originally presented to Retiree, and that any modifications to this Agreement, whether material or immaterial, made by Company and Retiree after it was originally presented to Retiree do not extend or restart the period for Retiree to consider and accept this Agreement. 
 
 1. Effectiveness and Revocation Rights . Retiree understands that the terms of this Agreement will become effective and enforceable eight days after Retiree signs it unless before then Retiree revokes Retiree s acceptance in writing and delivers Retiree s written revocation to Erin Al-Salman at the email or address above, in which case Retiree will not be entitled to receive the Post-Retirement Benefit. Retiree acknowledges and agrees that Company has no legal obligation to provide the Post Retirement Benefit to Retiree. Signing this Agreement constitutes Retiree s agreement to all terms and conditions set forth in it and is in consideration of Company s agreement to provide the Post-Retirement Benefit. 
 
 1. Renewal and Ratification of General Release . In further consideration of the mutual promises and undertakings in this Agreement, the Retiree shall sign the Ratification between the Retirement Date and seven days after the Retirement Date (the Effective Date ), not revoke the Ratification between the date he signs it and seven days thereafter, and immediately return a signed copy of the Ratification to the Company. 
 
 1. Confidential Information . 

a. Definition of Confidential Information . Confidential Information includes all of Company s confidential or proprietary information, trade secrets (as defined by applicable law), and other information used in the Business that provides a competitive advantage but is not generally known by competitors and does not include any information in the public domain and readily available to competitors through no wrongful act of Retiree. Retiree acknowledges and agrees that (a) Company has expended, and continues to expend, significant efforts and resources to develop its Confidential Information, which increases the value of its Interests and gives it a competitive advantage and (b) Company provided Confidential Information to Retiree before the Effective Date. 
 b. Agreement Not to Disclose Confidential Information . Retiree will not directly or indirectly (i) use any Confidential Information, (ii) disclose any Confidential Information in any manner to any person or entity who is not a director, manager, officer, employee, consultant, representative, agent, or legal counsel of Company or its affiliates, or (iii) disclose any Confidential Information in any manner to any other person or entity unless previously authorized in writing by Company s Chief Executive Officer or the current Senior Vice President and General Counsel. The restrictions set forth in this paragraph will not apply to disclosures made in compliance with the Defend Trade Secrets Act of 2016 the DTSA 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). The DTSA provides in relevant part 
 
 An individual shall not be held criminally or civilly liable under any Federal or State trade secret law for the disclosure of a trade secret that-(A) is made-(i) in confidence to a Federal, State, or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (B) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. 
 Retiree acknowledges that nothing in this Agreement is intended to, or does, preclude Retiree from (i) contacting, filing a charge or complaint with, providing information to, or cooperating with an investigation being conducted by, a governmental or regulatory agency or body (such as the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the U.S. Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or another other regulatory or fair employment practices agency), regarding a possible or alleged violation of law, in each instance without prior notice to or authorization from the Company or its affiliates (ii) assisting another in taking any of the actions in clause (i) (iii) making statements or disclosures regarding any sexual assault or sexual harassment dispute in compliance with the Speak Out Act (iv) responding truthfully to inquiries by governmental or regulatory agencies or bodies (v) giving truthful testimony or making statements under oath in response to valid legal process (such as a subpoena) in any legal or regulatory proceeding or (vi) engaging in any other legally protected or concerted activities. Retiree further acknowledges that nothing in this Agreement conflicts with the DTSA or creates liability for disclosures allowed under the DTSA, and Retiree s nondisclosure obligations survive the ending of Retiree s employment with Company. 
 a. Return of Confidential Information . Retiree acknowledges that Retiree will return to Company all of its or any of the other Company Parties Confidential Information in any form or medium on or before the Effective Date. Retiree further agrees to deliver promptly to Company any such additional Confidential Information that Retiree may discover in Retiree s possession. Retiree likewise agrees not to directly or indirectly keep or deliver to anyone else any Confidential Information (including any copies of Confidential Information) or any devices storing Confidential Information. 
 
 1. Restrictive Covenants . 
 
 a. Acknowledgments . Retiree acknowledges that (i) this Agreement entitles Retiree to receive Vesting Benefits designed to increase Retiree s ownership interest in 

Company and protect Company s goodwill, (ii) a reasonable prohibition against Retiree s soliciting Company s employees (the Restricted Activities is appropriate for the protection of Company s Confidential Information and Interests, (iii) Retiree s covenants regarding the Restricted Activities are ancillary to the otherwise enforceable agreements by Company and Retiree under paragraph 9 and Company s agreement to provide Retiree with the Vesting Benefits, and are supported by independent, valuable consideration, (iv) the restraints in the covenants regarding the Restricted Activities are reasonable and do not include any greater restraint than is reasonably necessary to protect Company s Confidential Information and Interests, and (v) Company may waive the Restricted Activities, in whole or in part, in writing at any time. 
 
 a. Nonsolicitation of Company Employees . Retiree agrees that, without the prior written consent of Company s Chief Executive Officer or Senior Vice President and General Counsel, Retiree will not directly or indirectly for Retiree s own account or for the benefit of any other person, hire, attempt to hire, employ, solicit for employment, or recruit any person whom Company employed within six months immediately preceding the Retirement Date and with whom Retiree had contact relating to the Business or about whom Retiree had access to Confidential Information, or entice, persuade, encourage, induce, advise, or recommend to any such person that he or she terminate or abandon his or her employment with Company. 
 b. Enforcement Remedies . If Retiree breaches or threatens to breach Retiree s covenants with respect to the Restricted Activities, Company will be entitled to equitable relief (without the need to post a bond or prove actual damages) by temporary restraining order, temporary injunction, or permanent injunction or otherwise, in addition to all other legal and equitable relief to which it may be entitled, including any and all monetary damages that Company may incur as a result of such breach, violation, or threatened breach or violation. Retiree irrevocably waives any right to challenge the validity or enforceability of such obligations or covenants. In the event a court deems any provisions of this Agreement to exceed the limits permitted by any applicable law, such provisions will be, and are, reformed to the maximum limitations permitted by applicable law. 
 2. Jury Waiver. Retiree irrevocably waives the right to trial by jury with respect to any claim or cause of action against Company or any of the other Company Parties arising from Retiree s employment with or retirement from Company or from this Agreement (either for alleged breach or enforcement). 
 3. Voluntary Agreement. Retiree acknowledges that (i) Retiree has read this Agreement, (ii) by this paragraph, Company specifically has advised Retiree to consult an attorney and Retiree has had the opportunity to consult an attorney, (iii) Retiree received this Agreement on or before July 3, 2024 and has been offered at least 21 days to consider and fully understand the meaning and effect of Retiree s action in signing this Agreement, (iv) Retiree s signing of this Agreement is knowing, voluntary, and based solely on Retiree s own judgment in consultation with Retiree s attorney, if any, and (v) Retiree is not relying on any written or oral statement or promise other than as set out in this Agreement . 
 4. Miscellaneous. This Agreement contains and constitutes the entire understanding and agreement between Company and Retiree with respect to its subject matter and may not be released, discharged, abandoned, supplemented, changed, or modified in any manner except by a writing of concurrent or subsequent date signed by both an authorized Company official and Retiree. Retiree agrees that neither the Company nor any of the Company Parties have made any promise or representation to him concerning this Agreement not expressed in this Agreement, and that, in signing this Agreement, he is not relying on any prior oral or written statement or representation by the Company or any of the Company Parties outside of this Agreement but is instead relying solely on his own judgment and his attorney (if any). This Agreement is governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the State of Texas 

without regard to its rules regarding conflict of laws. Exclusive venue for purposes of any dispute, controversy, claim, or cause of action between the Parties concerning, arising out of, or related to this Agreement or Retiree s employment with or retirement from Company is in any state or federal court of competent jurisdiction presiding over Dallas County, Texas. Nothing in this Agreement, however, precludes Company or Retiree from seeking to remove a civil action from any state court to federal court. Retiree further consents to receive service of process related to any such action by any method permitted by statute or rule and-whether or not expressly authorized by statute or rule-through any email or social-media account established, maintained, or used by Retiree. 

Signature Page Follows 

AGREED 

s Jason E. Doughty s Andrew G. Inglis 
 Jason E. Doughty Kosmos Energy, LLC 
 Name Andrew G. Inglis 
 Date 5 July 2024 Date 3 July 2024 

EXHIBIT A 
 RENEWAL AND RATIFICATION OF RELEASE 
 
 IMPORTANT NOTICE The Retiree should sign this Ratification only between the Retirement Date and seven days following the Retirement Date. The Retiree should not sign this Ratification before the Retirement Date. Upon signing, the Retiree should immediately return a signed copy of this Ratification to the Company. 
 
 1. The Retiree previously entered into an Exit Agreement with the Company (the Exit Agreement which is incorporated herein by reference. Capitalized terms not defined in this Ratification shall have the same definitions as assigned in the Exit Agreement. 
 
 2. Paragraph 5 of the Exit Agreement contains a General Release by the Retiree. In exchange for the Post-Retirement Benefits offered to the Retiree under paragraph 4 of the Exit Agreement and the other promises and undertakings of the Company in the Exit Agreement, the Retiree hereby agrees that paragraph 5 of the Exit Agreement is hereby modified and amended to read in its entirety as follows 
 
 Claims Included . In exchange for the Post-Retirement Benefit, Retiree releases, acquits, and forever discharges (i) Company, (ii) any parent, subsidiary, or affiliated entity of Company, (iii) any current or former officer, stockholder, member, director, partner, agent, manager, employee, representative, insurer, or attorney of the entities described in (i) or (ii), (iv) any employee benefit plan sponsored or administered by any person or entity described in (i), (ii), or (iii), and (v) any successor or assign of any person or entity described in (i), (ii), (iii), or (iv) (collectively, the Company Parties from, and waive to the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, any and all claims, liabilities, demands, and causes of action of whatever character, whether known or unknown, fixed or contingent, or vicarious, derivative, or direct, that Retiree may have or claim against Company or any of the other Company Parties. Retiree understands that this general release includes, but is not limited to, any and all claims arising under federal, state, or local laws prohibiting employment discrimination, including the Age Discrimination in Employment Act, or other claims growing out of, resulting from, or connected in any way with Retiree s employment with or retirement from Company, including any right or claim to compensation, payment, or other benefit under Company s September 1, 2011 offer-of-employment letter to Retiree. Retiree understands this release also includes without limitation the waiver and release of any claim the Retiree may have on the date the Ratification is signed by him and delivered by him to the Company. Retiree understands that this Agreement does not waive any rights or claims against Company or any of the other Company Parties that may arise after the date on which Retiree signs it. Retiree further understands that nothing in this Agreement waives (i) any benefits to which Retiree has a vested entitlement under the terms of the applicable employee benefit plans established by Company, or (ii) any right or claim to indemnification or defense of any claims for acts taken by Retiree during Retiree s employment with Company on the same terms as indemnification is made available by Company to other executive employees, officers, or directors, whether through Company s bylaws, directors and officers liability insurance, or otherwise. 
 
 In addition, the Retiree ratifies his acceptance of General Release under paragraph 5 of the Exit Agreement, as so modified and amended, and acknowledges he is hereby advised of his right to consult with an attorney of his choice before signing this Ratification. 

3. This Ratification shall become effective and enforceable upon the eighth day after the Retiree signs and returns it to the Company (the Effective Date ). At any time before the Effective Date, the Retiree may revoke his acceptance of this Ratification by notifying the Company of his revocation in writing. 
 
 4. If the Retiree does not sign this Ratification, or if he timely revokes his acceptance of this Ratification, he shall not be entitled to receive the Post-Retirement Benefits but all other provisions of the Exit Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. If the Retiree signs and does not timely revoke his acceptance of this Ratification, the Retirement Benefits shall be provided to him in accordance with the Exit Agreement s terms. 
 
 5. The Retiree fully understands the meaning and effect of his action in signing this Ratification, and his signing of this Ratification is knowing and voluntary. This Ratification does not waive any rights or Claims under the ADEA that may arise after the date it is signed by him. 
 
 AGREED on the date shown below 
 s Jason E. Doughty 
 Jason E. Doughty 
 
 5 July 2024 
 Date Signed 

EXHIBIT B 
 Type of Eligible Award 
 Grant Date 
 Vesting Date 
 Number of Shares 
 Service Award 
 31-Jan-22 
 31-Jan-25 
 30,690 
 Performance Award 
 31-Jan-22 
 31-Jan-25 
 186,930 
 Service Award 
 31-Jan-23 
 31-Jan-25 
 23,730 
 Service Award 
 31-Jan-23 
 31-Jan-26 
 23,730 
 Performance Award 
 31-Jan-23 
 31-Jan-26 
 144,537 

For PSUs, the figure reflects the target number of shares underlying the award. The actual number of shares that will vest will be determined based on achievement of the applicable performance goals and will range between 0 and 200 of the target number of shares underlying each PSU award. 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 kos-9302024xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 
 I, Andrew G. Inglis, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kosmos Energy Ltd. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 s ANDREW G. INGLIS Andrew G. Inglis Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 kos-9302024xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 
 I, Neal D. Shah, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Kosmos Energy Ltd. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 s NEAL D. SHAH Neal D. Shah Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 kos-9302024xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the accompanying quarterly report of Kosmos Energy Ltd. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Andrew G. Inglis, Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 s ANDREW G. INGLIS Andrew G. Inglis Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 kos-9302024xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 In connection with the accompanying quarterly report of Kosmos Energy Ltd. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Neal D. Shah, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 s NEAL D. SHAH Neal D. Shah Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 kos-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 kos-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 kos-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 kos-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 kos-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

