<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1674335_0001674335-24-000177.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12988786</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>146663</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1842554</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5675330</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2591394</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2394994</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001674335-24-000177.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106165430
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001674335-24-000177
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		108
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240928
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			JELD-WEN Holding, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001674335
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MILLWOOD, VENEER, PLYWOOD & STRUCTURAL WOOD MEMBERS [2430]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				931273278
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38000
		FILM NUMBER:		241431898

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2645 SILVER CRESCENT DRIVE
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28273
		BUSINESS PHONE:		704-378-5700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2645 SILVER CRESCENT DRIVE
		CITY:			CHARLOTTE
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			28273

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001674335-24-000177.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 jeld-20240928.htm
 10-Q

jeld-20240928 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________ 
 FORM 
 ____________________________ 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____ to _____ 
 Commission File Number: 
 ____________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ____________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 ____________________________ 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer o Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The registrant had shares of Common Stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding as of November 1, 2024. 

JELD-WEN HOLDING, Inc. 
 Table of Contents 
 Page No. Part I - Financial Information Item 1. Unaudited Financial Statements Consolidated Statements of Operations 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 9 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 10 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 11 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 13 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 14 
 Note 1 . Description of Company and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 14 
 Note 2. Discontinued Operations 15 
 Note 3. Accounts Receivable 
 16 
 Note 4. Inventories 16 
 Note 5. Property and Equipment, Net 17 
 Note 6. Goodwill 
 17 
 Note 7. Intangible Assets, Net 
 18 
 Note 8. Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
 19 
 Note 9. Warranty Liability 
 19 
 Note 10. Long-Term Debt 
 20 
 Note 11 . Income Taxes 
 22 
 Note 12 . Segment Information 
 23 
 Note 13. Capital Stock 
 28 
 Note 14. Earnings Per Share 28 
 Note 15. Stock Compensation 
 29 
 Note 16. Restructuring and Asset-Related Charges 
 30 
 Note 17 . Held for Sale 
 33 
 Note 18 . Other Income, Net 
 34 
 Note 19 . Derivative Financial Instruments 
 34 
 Note 20 . Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 35 
 Note 21. Commitments and Contingencies 
 36 
 Note 22. Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 41 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 42 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 53 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 53 
 Part II - Other Information Item 1. Legal Proceedings 54 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 54 
 Item 5. Other Information 54 
 Item 6. Exhibits 54 
 Signature 55 

2 

Back to top 

 Glossary of Terms 
 When the following terms and abbreviations appear in the text of this report, they have the meanings indicated below: 
 Form 10-K Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 
 ABL Facility Our 500 million asset-based loan revolving credit facility, dated as of October 15, 2014 and as amended from time to time, with JWI (as hereinafter defined) and JELD-WEN of Canada, Ltd., as borrowers, the guarantors party thereto, a syndicate of lenders, and Wells Fargo Bank, N.A., as administrative agent ABS JWI d/b/a American Building Supply, Inc. Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations A supplemental non-GAAP financial measure of operating performance not based on a standardized methodology prescribed by GAAP that we define as Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations as income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax, adjusted for the following items: income tax expense (benefit); depreciation and amortization; interest expense (income), net; and certain special items consisting of non-recurring net legal and professional expenses and settlements; goodwill impairment; restructuring and asset-related charges; M A related costs; net (gain) loss on sale of business, property, and equipment; loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt; share-based compensation expense; non-cash foreign exchange transaction/translation (gain) loss; and other special items. 
 ASC Accounting Standards Codification ASU Accounting Standards Update AUD Australian Dollar Base rate LIBOR portion of the interest rate. In June 2023, we amended the ABL Facility to replace LIBOR with a Term SOFR based rate. Bylaws Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of JELD-WEN Holding, Inc. CAP Cleanup Action Plan CARES Act Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act enacted on March 27, 2020 CEO Chief Executive Officer or principal executive officer CFO Chief Financial Officer or principal financial officer Charter Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of JELD-WEN Holding, Inc. CME Chicago Mercantile Exchange CMI JWI d/b/a CraftMaster Manufacturing, Inc. COA Consent Order and Agreement CODM Chief Operating Decision Maker, which is our Chief Executive Officer Common Stock The 900,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, authorized under our Charter Core Revenues Net revenue excluding the impact of foreign exchange, divestitures, and acquisitions completed in the last twelve months Corporate Credit Facilities Collectively, our ABL Facility and our Term Loan Facility COVID-19 A novel strain of the 2019-nCov coronavirus Credit Facilities Collectively, our Corporate Credit Facilities and other acquired term loans and revolving credit facilities DKK Danish Kroner Domoferm The Domoferm Group of companies Dooria Dooria AS ERC Employee Retention Credit ERP Enterprise Resource Planning EU European Union Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board Form 10-Q This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 28, 2024 
 GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States JELD-WEN JELD-WEN Holding, Inc. , together with its consolidated subsidiaries where the context requires 
 
 3 

Back to top 

 JW Australasia Our Australasia business JWI JELD-WEN, Inc., a Delaware corporation Karona Karona, Inc. Kolder Kolder Group LaCantina JWI d/b/a LaCantina Doors, Inc. LIBOR London Interbank Offered Rate M A Mergers and acquisitions Mattiovi Mattiovi Oy MMI Door JWI d/b/a Milliken Millwork, Inc. MD A Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations OECD Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development PaDEP Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection Pillar Two The Pillar Two Global Anti-Base Erosion rules PLP Potential Liability Party Preferred Stock 90,000,000 shares of Preferred Stock, par value 0.01 per share, authorized under our Charter PSU Performance Stock Unit R R Repair and Remodel RSU Restricted Stock Unit SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission Securities Act Securities Act of 1933, as amended Senior Notes 800.0 million of unsecured notes issued in December 2017 in a private placement in two tranches: 400.0 million bearing interest at 4.63 and maturing in December 2025 200.0 of which were redeemed in August 2023 and the remaining 200.0 million of which were redeemed in September 2024) and 400.0 million bearing interest at 4.88 and maturing in December 2027. 350.0 million of senior unsecured notes issued in August 2024 in a private placement bearing interest at 7.00 and maturing in September 2032. Senior Secured Notes 250.0 million of senior secured notes issued in May 2020 in a private placement bearing interest at 6.25 and redeemed in August 2023. SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate SG A Selling, general, and administrative expenses Term Loan Facility Our term loan facility, dated as of October 15, 2014, and as amended from time to time with JWI, as borrower, the guarantors party thereto, a syndicate of lenders, and Bank of America, N.A., as administrative agent Towanda The Company s Towanda, PA operations U.K. United Kingdom of Great Britain and Northern Ireland U.S. United States of America UTP Uncertain Tax Position VPI JWI d/b/a VPI Quality Windows, Inc. WACC Weighted Average Cost of Capital WADOE Washington State Department of Ecology Working Capital Accounts receivable plus inventory less accounts payable 
 4 

Back to top 

 CERTAIN TRADEMARKS, TRADE NAMES, AND SERVICE MARKS 
 This report includes trademarks, trade names, and service marks owned by us. Our U.S. window and door trademarks include JELD-WEN , AuraLast , MiraTEC , Extira , LaCANTINA , MMI Door , Karona , ImpactGard , JW , Aurora , IWP , True BLU , ABS TM , Siteline , National Door , Low-Friction Glider , Hydrolock , VPI TM , FINISHIELD , MILLENNIUM , TRUFIT , EPICVUE , and EVELIN . Our trademarks are either registered or have been used as common law trademarks by us. The trademarks we use outside the U.S. include the Swedoor , Dooria , DANA , Mattiovi TM , Zargag , Alupan , Domoferm , Kellpax , and HSE marks in Europe. ENERGY STAR is a registered trademark of the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency. This report contains additional trademarks, trade names, and service marks of others, which are, to our knowledge, the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, trademarks, trade names, and service marks referred to in this report appear without the , symbols, but such references are not intended to indicate, in any way, that we will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, our rights or the right of the applicable licensor to these trademarks, trade names, and service marks. We do not intend our use of other parties trademarks, trade names, or service marks to imply, and such use or display should not be construed to imply, a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, these other parties. 
 5 

Back to top 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 In addition to historical information, this Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the federal Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act, which are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. All statements, other than statements of historical facts, included in this Form 10-Q are forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements are generally identified by our use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, potential, predict, seek, or should, and, in each case, their negative or other various or comparable terminology. In particular, statements about the markets in which we operate, including growth of our various markets, and our expectations, beliefs, plans, strategies, objectives, prospects, assumptions, or future events or performance under Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Item 1- Business are forward-looking statements. In addition, statements regarding the potential outcome and impact of pending litigation are forward-looking statements. 
 We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations, assumptions, estimates and projections. While we believe these expectations, assumptions, estimates, and projections are reasonable, such forward-looking statements are only predictions and involve known and unknown risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. These and other important factors, including those discussed under the headings Item 1A- Risk Factors in our Form 10-K and Item 1A Risk Factors and Item 2- Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in this Form 10-Q may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Some of the factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements include: 
 negative trends in overall business, financial market and economic conditions, and/or activity levels in our end markets; 
 increases in interest rates and reduced availability of financing for the purchase of new homes and home construction and improvements; 
 our highly competitive business environment; 
 failure to timely identify or effectively respond to consumer needs, expectations, or trends; 
 failure to successfully implement our strategic and transformation journey initiatives, including our productivity, cost reduction and global footprint rationalization initiatives; 
 disruptions in our operations due to natural disasters, public health issues, such as COVID-19, and armed conflicts, including the ongoing conflict between Russia and Ukraine and instabilities in the Middle East; 
 economic and geopolitical uncertainty and risks that arise from operating a multinational business; 
 changes to tariff, trade or investment policies or laws; 
 acquisitions, divestitures, or investments in other businesses that may not be successful; 
 adverse outcome of pending or future litigation; 
 declines in our relationships with and/or consolidation of our key customers; 
 fluctuations in the prices of raw materials used to manufacture our products; 
 delays or interruptions in the delivery of raw materials or finished goods; 
 failure to retain and recruit executives, managers, and employees; 
 seasonal business with varying revenue and profit; 
 changes in weather patterns and related extreme weather conditions; 
 exchange rate fluctuations; 
 manufacturing realignments and cost savings programs resulting in a decrease in short-term earnings; 
 security breaches and other cybersecurity incidents; 
 increases in labor costs, potential labor disputes, and work stoppages at our facilities; 
 changes in building codes that could increase the cost of our products or lower the demand for our windows and doors; 
 6 

Back to top 

 compliance costs and liabilities under environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations; 
 lack of transparency, threat of fraud, public sector corruption, and other forms of criminal activity involving government officials; 
 product liability claims, product recalls, or warranty claims; 
 inability to protect our intellectual property; 
 pension plan obligations; 
 availability and cost of credit; 
 our current level of indebtedness and the effect of restrictive covenants under our existing or future indebtedness including our Credit Facilities, Senior Secured Notes, and Senior Notes; and 
 other risks and uncertainties, including those listed under Item 1A- Risk Factors in our Form 10-K and Item 1A- Risk Factors in this Form 10-Q. 
 Given these risks and uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. Any forward-looking statement in this Form 10-Q speaks only as of the date of this Form 10-Q. We do not undertake any obligation to update any of the forward-looking statements, except as required by law. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise, or to publicly announce any update or revision to, any of the forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q are not guarantees of future performance and our actual results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity, and the development of the industry in which we operate, may differ materially from the forward-looking statements contained herein. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition, and liquidity, and events in the industry in which we operate, are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Form 10-Q, they may not be predictive of results or developments in future periods. 
 Unless the context requires otherwise, references in this Form 10-Q to we, us, our, the Company, or JELD-WEN mean JELD-WEN Holding, Inc., together with our consolidated subsidiaries where the context requires, including our wholly owned subsidiary JWI. 
 7 

Back to top 

Item 1 - Financial Statements 

JELD-WEN HOLDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net revenues Cost of sales Gross margin Selling, general and administrative Goodwill impairment Note 6 
 Restructuring and asset-related charges Note 16 
 Operating income (loss) ) ) Interest expense, net Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt Note 10 
 Other income, net Note 18 
 ) ) ) ) (Loss) income from continuing operations before taxes ) ) Income tax expense Note 11 
 (Loss) income from continuing operations, net of tax ) ) (Loss) gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax Note 2 
 ) ) Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Note 2 
 Net (loss) income ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding Note 14 : 
 Basic Diluted Net (loss) income per share from continuing operations Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Net (loss) income per share from discontinued operations Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Net (loss) income per share Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 
 Net income per share may not sum due to rounding. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 8 

Back to top 

 JELD-WEN HOLDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE (LOSS) INCOME 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (amounts in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax (benefit) expense of ), , and , respectively. 
 Net investment hedge adjustments, net of tax benefit during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 ) Interest rate hedge adjustments, net of tax benefit of , , and , respectively. 
 ) ) ) ) Defined benefit pension plans, net of tax (benefit) expense of ), , ) and , respectively. 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive income, net of tax Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-9 

Back to top 

 JELD-WEN HOLDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (unaudited) 
 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share data) September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Note 3 
 Inventories Note 4 
 Other current assets Assets held for sale Note 17 
 Total current assets Property and equipment, net Note 5 
 Deferred tax assets Goodwill Note 6 
 Intangible assets, net Note 7 
 Operating lease assets, net Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued payroll and benefits Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Note 8 
 Current maturities of long-term debt Note 10 
 Liabilities held for sale Note 17 
 Total current liabilities Long-term debt Note 10 
 Unfunded pension liability Operating lease liability Deferred credits and other liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 21 
 per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Common Stock: shares authorized, par value per share, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 28, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-10 

Back to top 

 JELD-WEN HOLDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Shares Amount Shares Amount Preferred stock, par value per share 
 Common stock, par value per share 
 Balance at beginning of period Shares issued for exercise/vesting of share-based compensation awards Shares surrendered for tax obligations for employee share-based transactions ) ) Balance at period end Additional paid-in capital Balance at beginning of period Shares issued for exercise/vesting of share-based compensation awards Shares surrendered for tax obligations for employee share-based transactions ) ) Amortization of share-based compensation Balance at period end Employee stock notes Balance at beginning of period ) ) Net issuances, payments and accrued interest on notes Balance at period end ) ) Balance at period end Retained earnings Balance at beginning of period Net (loss) income ) Balance at period end Accumulated other comprehensive loss Balance at beginning of period ) ) Foreign currency adjustments Unrealized loss on net investment hedges ) Unrealized loss on interest rate hedges ) ) Net actuarial pension (loss) gain ) Balance at period end ) ) Total shareholders equity at period end 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-11 

Back to top 

 JELD-WEN HOLDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF EQUITY 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (amounts in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Shares Amount Shares Amount Preferred stock, par value per share 
 Common stock, par value per share 
 Balance at beginning of period Shares issued for exercise/vesting of share-based compensation awards Shares repurchased ) ) Shares surrendered for tax obligations for employee share-based transactions ) ) ) ) Balance at period end Additional paid-in capital Balance at beginning of period Shares issued for exercise/vesting of share-based compensation awards Shares surrendered for tax obligations for employee share-based transactions ) ) Amortization of share-based compensation Balance at period end Employee stock notes Balance at beginning of period ) ) Net issuances, payments and accrued interest on notes Balance at period end ) ) Balance at period end Retained earnings Balance at beginning of period Shares repurchased ) Net (loss) income ) Balance at period end Accumulated other comprehensive loss Balance at beginning of period ) ) Foreign currency adjustments Unrealized loss on interest rate hedges ) ) Net actuarial pension (loss) gain ) Balance at period end ) ) Total shareholders equity at period end 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F-12 

Back to top 

 JELD-WEN HOLDING, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended (amounts in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net (loss) income ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) Net gain on sale of business, property and equipment ) ) Goodwill impairment Adjustment to carrying value of assets Amortization of deferred financing costs Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt Loss on foreign currency translation adjustment related to the substantial liquidation of a foreign subsidiary Loss (gain) on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax ) Share-based compensation expense Amortization of U.S. pension expense Recovery of cost from receipts on impaired notes 
 ) ) Other items, net ) ) Net change in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Inventories ) Other assets ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Change in short-term and long-term tax liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from sale of business, property and equipment Purchase of intangible assets ) ) Proceeds (payments) related to the sale of JW Australia (1) 
 Recovery of cost from receipts on impaired notes 
 Cash received for notes receivable Cash received from insurance proceeds Purchase of securities for deferred compensation plan ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Change in long-term debt and payments of debt extinguishment costs ) ) Common stock issued for exercise of options Common stock repurchased ) Payments to tax authorities for employee share-based compensation ) ) Payments related to the sale of JW Australia ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rates on cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, ending For further information see Note 22 - Supplemental Cash Flow. 
 million of cash divested. 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 F-13 

Back to top 

 JELD-WEN HOLDING, INC. 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1. 
 
 CARES Act In March 2020, the United States government enacted the CARES Act to provide certain relief as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. The CARES Act provided for tax relief, along with other stimulus measures, including a provision for an ERC designed to encourage businesses to retain employees during the COVID-19 pandemic. We recorded a receivable for an ERC from the U.S. government of million in other income, net in the fourth quarter of 2023. The balance is included in other current assets in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 F-14 

Back to top 

Note 2. 
 million. On July 2, 2023, we completed the sale, receiving net cash proceeds of approximately million, including million of cash received from the settlement of certain forward contracts. 
 We have classified the results of operations for the JW Australia reportable segment, together with certain costs related to the sale, as discontinued operations within the consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented. 
 Subsequent to the completion of the sale, we entered into an agreement to provide certain transition services to JW Australia, including providing information technology post-closing services, purchases under a supply agreement, and reimbursement for certain costs to upgrade specific IT systems up to a capped amount. As of September 28, 2024, we had a liability of million relating to these matters, which was included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. As of December 31, 2023, our liability relating to these matters was million, of which million was included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and the remaining was included in deferred credits and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
 Cost of sales Gross margin Selling, general and administrative Operating (loss) income ) Interest income, net ) Other income, net ) ) (Loss) income from discontinued operations before taxes ) Income tax (benefit) expense ) Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 F-15 

Back to top 

 Capital expenditures Share-based incentive compensation Provision for bad debt 
 
 Note 3. 
 million and million, respectively. The decrease in the allowance for credit losses in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was primarily due to decreased sales and an improved portfolio of aged receivables in our North America segment. 
 
 Note 4. 
 Work in process 
 Finished goods 
 Inventory valuation reserves ) ) Total inventories 
 To conform with current period presentation, certain amounts in prior period information have been reclassified. 
 
 F-16 

Back to top 

 Note 5. 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 We recorded accelerated depreciation of our plant and equipment of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, within restructuring and asset-related charges in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. For more information, refer to Note 16 - Restructuring and Asset-Related Charges. Additionally, we recorded accelerated depreciation of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 from reviews of North America equipment capacity optimization, all of which were incurred in the second quarter. These charges were recorded within cost of sales in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 The effect on our carrying value of property and equipment due to currency translations for foreign property and equipment, net, was an increase of million as of September 28, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Selling, general and administrative 
 Total depreciation expense 
 
 Note 6. 
 . During the third quarter of 2024, the Company updated its financial forecast for the Europe reportable segment to reflect anticipated macroeconomic conditions of prolonged elevated interest rates leading to reduced revenue growth expectations. The end of the third fiscal quarter also marks the conclusion of our generally heavier seasonal sales period and our net sales were negatively impacted by weaker market demand. Accordingly, the Company determined that a triggering event occurred requiring an interim goodwill impairment test for its European reporting unit as of September 28, 2024. The impairment test indicated a pre-tax, non-cash goodwill impairment charge related to the Europe reporting unit of million, which the Company recorded during the three months ended September 28, 2024. 
 A significant or prolonged deterioration in economic conditions, a further decline in projected future cash flows, or increases in the discount rates, could impact the Company s assumptions and require a reassessment of goodwill for impairment in future periods. Future declines in estimated after tax cash flows, increases in the discount rates or a decline in market capitalization could result in an additional indication of impairment in one or more of the Company s reporting units. 
 F-17 

Back to top 

 Sale of business ) ) Foreign currency translation ) Gross carrying amount at September 28, 2024 
 Accumulated impairment losses at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Impairment ) ) Foreign currency translation ) ) Accumulated impairment losses at September 28, 2024 
 ) ) Balance, net of impairment at September 28, 2024 

Note 7. 
 ) Software 
 ) Trademarks and trade names 
 ) Patents, licenses and rights 
 ) Total amortizable intangibles ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 (amounts in thousands) Cost Accumulated Amortization Net Book Value Customer relationships and agreements ) Software ) Trademarks and trade names ) Patents, licenses and rights ) Total amortizable intangibles ) 
 F-18 

Back to top 

 million during the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, for an ERP that we are no longer utilizing after we completed our related obligations under the JW Australia Transition Services Agreement during the first quarter of 2024. The expense was recorded within SG A expense in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 
 The effect on our carrying value of intangible assets due to currency translations for foreign intangible assets was an increase of million as of September 28, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023. 

Note 8. 
 Current portion of operating lease liability Non-income related taxes 
 Current portion of warranty liability (Note 9) 
 Accrued freight Current portion of accrued claim costs relating to self-insurance programs Accrued expenses Current portion of restructuring accrual Note 16 
 Accrued interest payable Legal claims provision Note 21 
 Current portion of UTPs (Note 11) 
 Deferred revenue and customer deposits Current portion of derivative liability (Note 19) 
 Accrued income taxes payable Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 The legal claims provision relates primarily to contingencies associated with the ongoing legal matters disclosed in Note 21 - Commitments and Contingencies. 
 The accrued sales and advertising rebates, accrued interest payable, accrued freight, and non-income related taxes can fluctuate significantly period-over-period due to timing of payments. 
 
 Note 9. 
 to lifetime on certain window and door components. Warranties are normally limited to servicing or replacing defective components for the original customer. Product defects arising within six months of sale are classified as manufacturing defects and are not included in the current period expense below. Some warranties are transferable to subsequent owners and are either limited to years from the date of manufacture or require pro rata payments from the customer. Estimated warranty costs based on historical experience are recorded as a provision at the time of sale. The provision is adjusted periodically to reflect actual experience. 
 F-19 

Back to top 

 Current period charges Experience adjustments 
 ) Payments 
 ) ) Currency translation ) ) Balance at period end Current portion 
 ) ) Long-term portion 
 
 The most significant component of our warranty liability was in the North America segment. As of September 28, 2024, the warranty liability in the North America segment totaled million, after discounting future estimated cash flows at rates between and . Without discounting, the liability would have increased by approximately million. 
 
 Note 10. 
 - 
 Term Loan Facility (1) 
 Finance leases and other financing arrangements - (1) 
 Mortgage notes - (1) 
 Total Debt 
 Unamortized debt issuance costs and original issue discounts ) ) Current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Long-term debt 
 
 Summaries of our significant changes to outstanding debt agreements as of September 28, 2024 are as follows: 
 Senior Secured Notes and Senior Notes 
 In December 2017, we issued million of Senior Notes in tranches: million bearing interest at and maturing in December 2025, and million bearing interest at and maturing in December 2027 in a private placement for resale to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. 
 In May 2020, we issued million of Senior Secured Notes bearing interest at and maturing in May 2025 in a private placement for resale to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The proceeds were net of fees and expenses associated with debt issuance, including an underwriting fee of . Interest is payable semiannually, in arrears, each May and November. 
 On August 3, 2023, we redeemed all million of our Senior Secured Notes and million of our Senior Notes. The Company recognized a pre-tax loss of million on the redemption in the third quarter of 2023, consisting of million in call premium and million in accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 In August 2024, we issued million of Senior Notes bearing interest at and maturing September 2032 in a private placement for resale to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. The proceeds were net of fees and expenses associated with debt issuance including an underwriting fee of . We incurred debt issuance costs of million which will be amortized to interest expense over the life of the notes using the effective interest method. Interest is payable semiannually, in arrears, each March and September. 
 F-20 

Back to top 

 million of our Senior Notes. The Company recognized a pre-tax loss of million on the redemption in the third quarter of 2024, consisting entirely in accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 Term Loan Facility 
 U.S. Facility - Initially executed in October 2014, we amended the Term Loan Facility in July 2021 to, among other things, extend the maturity date from December 2024 to July 2028 and provide additional covenant flexibility. Pursuant to the amendment, certain existing and new lenders advanced million of replacement term loans, the proceeds of which were used to prepay in full the amount outstanding under the previously existing term loans. The replacement term loans originally bore interest at LIBOR (subject to a floor of plus a margin of to depending on JWI s corporate credit ratings. In addition, the amendment also modified certain other terms and provisions of the Term Loan Facility, and adds language to address the replacement of LIBOR with a SOFR basis upon the June 30, 2023 cessation of the publication of LIBOR. Voluntary prepayments of the replacement term loans are permitted at any time, in certain minimum principal amounts, but were subject to a premium during the first six months. The amendment requires of the initial principal to be repaid quarterly until maturity. 
 In June 2023, we amended the Term Loan Facility to replace LIBOR with a Term SOFR based rate as the successor benchmark rate and made certain other technical amendments and related conforming changes. All other material terms and conditions were unchanged. 
 In January 2024, we amended the Term Loan Facility to lower the applicable margin for replacement term loans, remove certain provisions no longer relevant to the parties, and make certain other technical amendments and related conforming changes. Pursuant to the amendment, replacement term loans bear interest at SOFR plus a margin of to depending on JWI s corporate credit ratings, compared to a margin of to under the previous amendment. All other material terms and conditions of the Term Loan Agreement were unchanged. As a result of this amendment, we recognized debt extinguishment and refinancing costs of million, which included million of unamortized debt issuance costs and original discount fees. 
 In August 2024, we utilized a portion of the proceeds received from our issuance of million of Senior Notes to repay million of the outstanding balance of our Term Loan Facility. As of September 28, 2024, the outstanding principal balance, net of original issue discount, was million . 
 In May 2020, we entered into interest rate swap agreements with a weighted average fixed rate of paid against one-month LIBOR floored at with outstanding notional amounts aggregating to million corresponding to that amount of the debt outstanding under our Term Loan Facility. In June 2023, the interest rate swap agreements were amended to convert to a SOFR basis on June 30, 2023, resulting in a weighted average fixed rate of paid against one-month USD-SOFR CME Term floored at ) . The interest rate swap agreements were designated as cash flow hedges of a portion of the interest obligations on our Term Loan Facility borrowings and matured in December 2023. See Note 19 - Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information on our derivative assets and liabilities. 
 In February 2024, we entered into interest rate collar agreements with a cap rate of paid against one-month USD-SOFR CME Term floored at and with outstanding notional amounts aggregating to million corresponding to that amount of the debt outstanding under our Term Loan Facility. The interest rate collar agreements were designated as cash flow hedges of a portion of the interest obligations on our Term Loan Facility borrowings and mature in February 2026. See Note 19 - Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information on our derivative assets and liabilities. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 ABL Facility - Initially executed in 2014, extensions of credit under our ABL Facility are limited by a borrowing base calculated based on specified percentages of the value of eligible accounts receivable and inventory, subject to certain reserves and other adjustments. We pay a fee of on the unused portion of the commitments. The ABL Facility has a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio that we are obligated to comply with under certain circumstances. The ABL Facility has various non-financial covenants, including restrictions on liens, indebtedness, dividends, customary representations and warranties, and customary events of defaults and remedies. 
 F-21 

Back to top 

 million, provide additional covenant flexibility, conform certain terms and provisions to the Term Loan Facility, and amend the interest rate grid applicable to the loans thereunder by adding language to address the replacement of LIBOR with a SOFR basis upon the June 30, 2023 cessation of the publication of LIBOR. Pursuant to the amendment, the amount allocated to U.S. borrowers was increased to million. The amount allocated to Canadian borrowers was maintained at million. Borrowings under the ABL Facility bore, at the borrower s option, interest at either a base rate plus a margin of to depending on excess availability or LIBOR (subject to a floor of plus a margin of to depending on excess availability. All other material terms and conditions were unchanged. 
 In June 2023, we amended the ABL Facility to replace LIBOR with a Term SOFR based rate as the successor benchmark rate and made certain other technical amendments and related conforming changes. All other material terms and conditions were unchanged. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we had outstanding borrowings, million in letters of credit and million available under the ABL Facility. 
 Mortgage Notes In December 2007, we entered into mortgage notes secured by land and buildings in Denmark with principal payments which began in 2018. As of September 28, 2024, we had DKK million million) outstanding under these notes. 
 Finance leases and other financing arrangements In addition to finance leases, we include insurance premium financing arrangements and loans secured by equipment in this category. As of September 28, 2024, we had million outstanding in this category, with maturities ranging from 2024 to 2031. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we were in compliance with the terms of all of our Credit Facilities and the indentures governing the Senior Notes. 
 
 Note 11.) and ) for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. In accordance with ASC 740-270, we recorded an income tax expense of million and million from continuing operations in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and an income tax expense of million and million from continuing operations in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 , respectively. We applied our estimated annual effective tax rate to year-to-date income for includable entities during the respective periods. Entities that are currently generating losses and for which there is a full valuation allowance are excluded from the worldwide effective tax rate calculation and are calculated separately. 
 The impact of significant discrete items is separately recognized in the quarter in which they occur. The tax expense for discrete items included in the tax provision for continuing operations for the three months ended September 28, 2024 was million , compared to a tax expense of million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The discrete tax expense amounts for the three months ended September 28, 2024 comprised primarily of million of tax expense due to changes in UTPs from ongoing audits and million attributable to an increase in the valuation allowance recorded against our U.S. tax attributes due to changes in estimated forecasted earnings. The discrete tax expense amounts for the three months ended September 30, 2023 comprised primarily of million of tax expense attributable to an increase in the valuation allowance on U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards and a net million of tax expense due to changes in UTPs, partially offset by a million net tax benefit attributable to the decrease in the valuation allowance on U.S. state net operating losses. 
 The tax expense for discrete items included in the tax provision for continuing operations for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was million , compared to a tax expense of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The discrete tax expense amounts for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 comprised primarily of million of tax expense due to changes in UTPs from ongoing audits and million attributable to an increase in the valuation allowance recorded against our U.S. tax attributes due to changes in estimated forecasted earnings. The di screte tax expense amounts for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 comprised primarily of million of tax expense attributable to an increase in the valuation allowance on U.S. foreign tax credit carryforwards, a net million of tax expense due to changes in UTPs, million of tax expense attributable to share-based compensation and a million increase in the valuation allowance in U.S. state net operating losses. 
 F-22 

Back to top 

 million and million, respectively. As of September 28, 2024, million of our liability for unrecognized tax benefits without regard to accrued interest was included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet. 
 The U.S. Congress, the OECD, the EU and other government agencies in jurisdictions in which we and our affiliates do business have maintained a focus on the taxation of multinational companies. During 2023, the OECD issued administrative guidance for Pillar Two, which generally imposes a 15 global minimum tax on multinational companies. Many Pillar Two rules are effective for fiscal years beginning on January 1, 2024, with other aspects to be effective from 2025. We regularly monitor developments in our jurisdictions and consider the impact of the tax-related proposals as they arise. We do not expect the minimum tax to have a material impact on our financial statements. 
 As of September 28, 2024 , the Company maintained a partial indefinite reinvestment assertion on its post - 2017 undistributed foreign earnings. 
 
 Note 12. 
 reportable segments, organized and managed principally in geographic regions: North America and Europe. We report all other business activities in Corporate and unallocated costs. Factors considered in determining the reportable segments include the nature of business activities, the management structure accountable directly to the CODM, the discrete financial information regularly reviewed by the CODM, and information presented to the Board of Directors and investors. No operating segments have been aggregated for our presentation of reportable segments. 
 Intersegment net revenues 
 ) ) ) Net revenues from external customers Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Total net revenues 
 Intersegment net revenues 
 ) ) ) Net revenues from external customers 
 F-23 

Back to top 

 Intersegment net revenues 
 ) ) ) Net revenues from external customers Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Total net revenues 
 Intersegment net revenues 
 ) ) ) Net revenues from external customers 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 (amounts in thousands) North America Europe Corporate and Unallocated Costs Total Consolidated Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Depreciation and amortization Interest expense (income), net ) Special items: Net legal and professional expenses and settlements Goodwill impairment Restructuring and asset-related charges M A related costs Net (gain) loss on sale of business, property, and equipment ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt Share-based compensation expense Non-cash foreign exchange transaction/translation loss (gain) ) ) Other special items Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations ) 
 
 F-24 

Back to top 

 ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 Interest expense, net Special items: Net legal and professional expenses and settlements Restructuring and asset-related charges ) M A related costs Net loss (gain) on sale property and equipment ) ) Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt Share-based compensation expense Non-cash foreign exchange transaction/translation loss (gain) ) Other special items ) ) ) Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations ) 
 (1) Corporate and unallocated depreciation and amortization expense includes software accelerated amortization of million for an ERP that we are no longer utilizing after we completed our related obligations under the JW Australia Transition Services Agreement during the first quarter of 2024. 
 To conform with current period presentation, certain amounts in prior period information have been reclassified. 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 (amounts in thousands) North America Europe Corporate and Unallocated Costs Total Consolidated Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax ) ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 Interest expense, net Special items: Net legal and professional expenses and settlements Goodwill impairment Restructuring and asset-related charges M A related costs Net gain on sale of business, property, and equipment ) ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt Share-based compensation expense Non-cash foreign exchange transaction/translation loss (gain) ) ) Other special items Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations ) 
 (1) Corporate and unallocated depreciation and amortization expense includes software accelerated amortization of million for an ERP that we are no longer utilizing after we completed our related obligations under the JW Australia Transition Services Agreement during the first quarter of 2024. 
 F-25 

Back to top 

 ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 Interest expense, net Special items: Net legal and professional expenses and settlements Restructuring and asset-related charges M A related costs Net loss (gain) on sale of property and equipment ) ) Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt Share-based compensation expense Non-cash foreign exchange transaction/translation (gain) loss ) ) ) Other special items ) ) ) ) Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations ) 
 (1) Corporate and unallocated depreciation and amortization expense includes software accelerated amortization of million for an ERP that we are no longer utilizing after we completed our related obligations under the JW Australia Transition Services Agreement during the first quarter of 2024. North America depreciation and amortization expense includes accelerated depreciation of million from reviews of equipment capacity optimization. 
 To conform with current period presentation, certain amounts in prior period information have been reclassified. 
 F-26 

Back to top ) Income tax expense Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 Interest expense, net Special items: Net legal and professional expenses and settlements (2) 
 Goodwill impairment (3) 
 Restructuring and asset-related charges (4)(5) 
 M A related costs (6) 
 Net gain on sale of business, property, and equipment (7) 
 ) ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt (8) 
 Share-based compensation expense (9) 
 Non-cash foreign exchange transaction/translation (gain) loss (10) 
 ) ) ) Other special items (11) 
 ) ) Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations 
 (1) Depreciation and amortization expense includes accelerated amortization of million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 in Corporate and unallocated costs for an ERP that we are no longer utilizing after we completed our related obligations under the JW Australia Transition Services Agreement during the first quarter of 2024. In addition, depreciation and amortization expense in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 includes accelerated depreciation of million in North America from reviews of equipment capacity optimization. 
 (2) Net legal and professional expenses and settlements include non-recurring transformation journey expenses of million and million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and million and million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. These expenses primarily relate to the engagement of one transformation consultant for a period spanning from the third quarter of 2023 through the fourth quarter of 2024, for which we incurred million and million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and million and million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Additionally, net legal and professional expenses and settlements include amounts relating to litigation of historic legal matters of million and million in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and of million and million and in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) Goodwill impairment consists of goodwill impairment charges associated with our Europe reporting unit. 
 (4) Represents severance, accelerated depreciation and amortization, equipment relocation and other expenses directly incurred as a result of restructuring events. The restructuring charges primarily relate to charges incurred to change the operating structure, eliminate certain roles, and close certain manufacturing facilities in our North America and Europe segments. 
 (5) For the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, million and million, respectively, of product and inventory-related charges related to announced facility closures were detrimental to Adjusted EBITDA. 
 (6) M A related costs consists primarily of legal and professional expenses related to the potential disposition of Towanda. 
 (7) Net gain on sale of business, property, and equipment in the three months ended September 28, 2024 primarily relates to the sale of our St. Kitts business. Net gain on sale of business, property, and equipment in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 primarily relates to the sale of our business in St. Kitts and property in Chile. Net gain on sale of business, property and equipment in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily relates to the sale of a building in Melton, UK. 
 (8) Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt of million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 is related to the redemption of the remaining million of our Senior Notes. Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt of million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 associated with an amendment of our Term Loan Facility and redemption of the remaining million of our Senior Notes. Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt of million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 is related to the redemption of million of our Senior Secured Notes and million of our Senior Notes. 
 (9) Represents non-cash equity-based compensation expense related to the issuance of share-based awards. 
 F-27 

Back to top million in income from short-term investments and forward contracts related to the JW Australia divestiture; (ii) in the nine months ended September 28, 2024, a loss of million of cumulative foreign currency translation adjustments related to the substantial liquidation of a foreign subsidiary in Chile in our North America segment, a one-time realized foreign currency loss of million in our Europe segment related to a cash repatriation event, and million of cash received on an impaired note in Corporate and unallocated costs; and (iii) in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, million in income from short-term investments and forward contracts related to the JW Australia divestiture. 
 To conform with current period presentation, certain amounts in prior period information have been reclassified. 
 
 Note 13. 
 shares at both September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023 with a total original issuance value of million. 
 We record share repurchases on their trade date and reduce shareholders equity and increase accounts payable. Repurchased shares are retired, and the excess of the repurchase price over the par value of the shares is charged to retained earnings. 
 On July 28, 2022, our Board of Directors decreased our previous repurchase authorization of million to a total aggregate value of million with no expiration date. As of September 28, 2024, million was remaining under the repurchase program. 
 During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, we repurchased shares of our Common Stock at an average price of . We did not repurchase shares of our Common Stock during the three months ended September 28, 2024, nor the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Note 14. 
 Restricted stock units, performance share units and options to purchase Common Stock Weighted average outstanding shares of Common Stock diluted 
 
 For the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, we had net losses from operations. As a result, no potentially dilutive securities were included in the denominator for computing diluted loss per share as their inclusion would have been antidilutive. 
 F-28 

Back to top 

 Restricted stock units Performance share units 
 
 Note 15. 
 
 Options cancelled Options exercised Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value RSUs granted PSUs granted 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share Shares Weighted Average Exercise Price Per Share Options granted Options cancelled Options exercised Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value Shares Weighted Average Grant Date Fair Value RSUs granted PSUs granted 
 Share-based compensation expense w as million and million for the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. As of September 28, 2024, we had million of total unrecognized compensation expense related to non-vested share-based compensation arrangements. This cost is expected to be recognized over the remaining weighted-average vesting period of years. 
 F-29 

Back to top 

 Note 16. 
 Other restructuring associated costs Asset-related charges Other restructuring associated costs and asset-related charges Total restructuring and asset-related charges Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Restructuring severance and employee-related charges (income) ) Other restructuring associated costs Asset-related charges Other restructuring associated costs and asset-related charges Total restructuring and asset-related charges (income), net ) 
 (amounts in thousands) North America Europe Corporate and Unallocated Costs Total Consolidated Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 Restructuring severance and employee-related charges Other restructuring associated costs Asset-related charges Other restructuring associated costs and asset-related charges Total restructuring and asset-related charges Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Restructuring severance and employee-related charges Other restructuring associated costs (income) ) Asset-related charges Other restructuring associated costs and asset-related charges (income) ) Total restructuring and asset-related charges 
 F-30 

Back to top 

 Current period charges Payments ) ) Currency translation ) Balance at period end 
 Restructuring accruals are expected to be paid within the next 12 months and are included within accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 
 On April 11, 2024, we announced plans to close manufacturing facilities, located in Vista, California and Hawkins, Wisconsin in a continuing effort to simplify our footprint and drive operational efficiencies. As of September 28, 2024 the remaining restructuring accrual for these plans is million and the remaining cash outlay is expected to be million. We expect to substantially complete the facility closures by the first quarter of 2025. 
 Other restructuring associated costs (1) 
 Product-related cash charges (2) 
 Total cash charges Asset-related charges (1) 
 Inventory and other product-related non-cash charges (3) 
 Total non-cash charges Total costs Total cash outlays 
 (1) The charges incurred in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 were included in restructuring and asset-related charges in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 (2) The product-related cash charges incurred in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 were detrimental to Net Sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 (3) The inventory and other product-related non-cash charges in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 were included in Cost of Sales in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 During 2023, we announced plans to transform our European operations by changing the operating structure, eliminating certain roles and rationalizing our manufacturing footprint. We plan to close manufacturing facilities and transfer production to other facilities within Europe. During the nine months ended September 28, 2024, we announced additional plans, increasing the total estimated costs by approximately million to million, after identifying additional opportunities to optimize our European operating structure. As of September 28, 2024 the remaining restructuring accrual for these plans is million and the remaining cash outlay is expected to be million. We expect to substantially complete these initiatives by the end of 2024. 
 F-31 

Back to top 

 Other restructuring associated costs (1) 
 Total cash charges Asset-related non-cash charges (1) 
 Total costs Total cash outlays 
 (1) The charges incurred in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 were included in restructuring and asset-related charges in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, we announced plans to close additional manufacturing facilities in Europe as part of our footprint rationalization activities. We expect to incur pre-tax restructuring expenses and other closure costs of approximately million for the approved actions, consisting of million in restructuring severance and employee-related charges, million in asset-related non-cash charges and million in other restructuring associated costs. As of September 28, 2024, we have not incurred any expenses or cash outlays related to these plans. We expect to substantially complete the facility closures by the end of 2026. 
 In the third quarter of 2023, we announced plans to close manufacturing facilities, located in Tijuana, Mexico and Vista, California as part of our footprint rationalization activities. As of September 28, 2024, the remaining restructuring accrual for these plans is million and the remaining cash outlay is expected to be million. We expect to substantially complete the facility closures by the end of 2024. 
 ) Other restructuring associated costs (1) 
 Total cash charges Asset-related charges (1) 
 Inventory and other product-related non-cash charges (2) 
 Total non-cash charges Total costs Total cash outlays 
 (1) The related charges incurred in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 were included in restructuring and asset-related charges in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 (2) The inventory and other product-related non-cash charges incurred during 2023 were included in Cost of Sales in the Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 In the third quarter of 2024, we announced to employees a restructuring plan to close a manufacturing facility in Wedowee, Alabama in a continuing effort to simplify our footprint and drive operational efficiencies. As of September 28, 2024, the remaining restructuring accrual for this plan is million and the remaining cash outlay is expected to be million. We expect to substantially complete the facility closure by the first quarter of 2025. 
 F-32 

Back to top 

 Other restructuring associated costs (1) 
 Total cash charges Asset-related non-cash charges (1) 
 Total costs Total cash outlays 
 (1) The related charges incurred in the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024 were included in restructuring and asset-related charges in the accompanying Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 In the first quarter of 2023, we announced to employees a restructuring plan to close a manufacturing facility in Atlanta, Georgia. We completed the plant closure during 2023, with total pre-tax restructuring expenses and other closure costs of approximately million, including million of capital expenditures, and total cash outlays of approximately million. The primary expenses incurred were accelerated depreciation and amortization, equipment relocation costs, and restructuring severance and employee-related charges. 
 
 Note 17. 
 million at September 28, 2024. As of December 31, 2023, the assets and liabilities classified as held for sale are those of Towanda. 
 Other current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Operating lease assets, net Assets held for sale Liabilities Accrued payroll and benefits Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Operating lease liability Liabilities held for sale 
 F-33 

Back to top 

 Note 18.) ) Pension expense Foreign currency gains, net ) ) ) ) Income from refund of deposits for China antidumping and countervailing duties (1) 
 ) ) JW Australia Transition Services Agreement cost recovery ) ) ) ) Insurance reimbursement ) ) Recovery of cost from receipts on impaired notes 
 ) ) ) Governmental assistance ) ) ) Income from short-term investments and forward contracts related to the JW Australia divestiture ) ) Other items, net ) ) ) ) Total other income, net ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Represents the refund of deposits for antidumping and countervailing duties on wood mouldings and millwork products purchased from China from 2020 to 2022. 
 
 Note 19. 
 million as of September 28, 2024. We have foreign currency derivative contracts, with a total notional amount of million, to manage the risks of foreign currency gains and losses on intercompany loans and interest. We do not use derivative financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. With the exception of the AUD/USD forward contracts entered into on April 18, 2023 described below, as of September 28, 2024, we have not elected hedge accounting for any foreign currency derivative contracts. We record mark-to-market changes in the values of these derivatives in other income, net. We recorded mark-to-market losses of million and gains of million relating to foreign currency derivatives in the three and nine ended September 28, 2024, respectively. We recorded mark-to-market gains of million and million relating to foreign currency derivatives during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 On April 18, 2023, we entered into forward contracts to sell a total of AUD million and receive USD at exchange rates ranging from USD to USD to 1.0 AUD to mitigate the impact of the Australian dollar currency fluctuations on our net investment in JELD-WEN Australia Pty. Ltd. We designated the forward contracts as net investment hedges. The contracts matured during the three months ended September 30, 2023 and the gain, net of forward points, was included in the gain on the sale of JW Australia. The net proceeds are included in the proceeds (payments) related to the sale of JW Australia within our consolidated statements of cash flows. No portion of these contracts were deemed ineffective during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 F-34 

Back to top 

 million to manage this risk. The interest rate swap agreements matured in December 2023. Initially, the agreements had a weighted average fixed rate of swapped against one-month USD LIBOR floored at . In June 2023, we amended the agreements to replace LIBOR with a Term SOFR based rate. The amended agreements had a weighted average fixed rate of swapped against one-month USD-SOFR CME Term floored at ) . All other terms and conditions were unchanged. We designated the interest rate swap agreements as cash flow hedges and they effectively fixed the interest rate on a corresponding portion of the aggregate debt outstanding under our Term Loan Facility. 
 In February 2024, we entered into interest rate collar agreements with a cap rate of paid against one-month USD-SOFR CME Term floored at and with outstanding notional amounts aggregating to million corresponding to that amount of the debt outstanding under our Term Loan Facility. The interest rate collar agreements were designated as cash flow hedges of a portion of the interest obligations on our Term Loan Facility borrowings and mature in February 2026. 
 No portion of these interest rate contracts were deemed ineffective during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024. In other comprehensive income, we recorded pre-tax mark-to-market losses of million and of million during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively. We recorded pre-tax mark-to-market gains of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. We reclassified gains of million and million previously recorded in other comprehensive income to interest income during the three and nine months ended September 28, 2024, respectively, and gains to interest income of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 As of September 28, 2024, approximately million in losses is expected to be reclassified to interest income over the next 12 months. 
 Other derivative instruments From time to time, we enter into other types of derivative instruments immaterial to the consolidated financial statements. Unless otherwise disclosed, these instruments are not designated as hedging instruments and mark-to-market adjustments are recorded in the statement of operations each period. 
 Other derivative instruments Other current assets 
 Derivative liabilities (amounts in thousands) Balance Sheet Location September 28, 2024 December 31, 2023 Derivatives designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate contracts 
 Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Interest rate contracts 
 Deferred credits and other liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign currency forward contracts Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Other derivative instruments Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 
 Note 20. 
 F-35 

Back to top 

 Derivative assets, recorded in other current assets 
 Deferred compensation plan assets, recorded in other assets Liabilities: Debt, recorded in long-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt 
 Derivative liabilities, recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 Derivative liabilities, recorded in deferred credits and other liabilities 
 
 December 31, 2023 (amounts in thousands) Carrying Amount Total Fair Value Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Assets: Cash equivalents Derivative assets, recorded in other current assets 
 Deferred compensation plan assets, recorded in other assets Liabilities: Debt, recorded in long-term debt and current maturities of long-term debt 
 Derivative liabilities, recorded in accrued expenses and other current assets 
 
 Derivative assets and liabilities reported in level 2 primarily include: (1) as of September 28, 2024, foreign currency derivative contracts and interest rate collar agreements; (2) as of December 31, 2023, foreign currency derivative contracts. See Note 19 - Derivative Financial Instruments for additional information about our derivative assets and liabilities. 
 Deferred compensation plan assets reported in level 2 consist of mutual funds. 
 There are no material non-financial assets or liabilities as of September 28, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 Note 21. 
 F-36 

Back to top 

 million for past damages under both the Clayton Act and breach of contract claims and million in future lost profits under the Clayton Act claim. 
 During the course of the proceedings in the Eastern District of Virginia, we discovered certain facts that led us to conclude that Steves, its principals, and certain former employees of the Company had misappropriated Company trade secrets, violated the terms of various agreements between the Company and those parties, and violated other laws. On May 11, 2018, a jury in the Eastern District of Virginia returned a verdict on our trade secrets claims against Steves and awarded damages in the amount of million. The presiding judge entered a judgment in our favor for those damages, and the entire amount has been paid by Steves. On August 16, 2019, the presiding judge granted Steves request for an injunction, prohibiting us from pursuing certain claims against individual defendants pending in Bexar County, Texas (the Steves Texas Trade Secret Theft Action ). On September 11, 2019, JELD-WEN filed a notice of appeal of the Eastern District of Virginia s injunction to the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals (the Fourth Circuit ). 
 On March 13, 2019, the presiding judge entered an Amended Final Judgment Order in the Original Action, awarding million in past damages under the Clayton Act (representing a trebling of the jury s verdict) and granted divestiture of certain assets acquired in the CMI acquisition, subject to appeal. The judgment also conditionally awarded damages in the event the judgment was overturned on appeal. Specifically, the court awarded million as future antitrust damages in the event the divestiture order was overturned on appeal and million as past contract damages in the event both the divestiture and antitrust claims were overturned on appeal. 
 On April 12, 2019, Steves filed a petition requesting an award of its fees and a bill of costs, seeking million in attorneys fees and million in costs in connection with the Original Action. On November 19, 2019, the presiding judge entered an order for further relief awarding Steves an additional million in damages for pricing differences from the date of the underlying jury verdict through May 31, 2019 (the Pricing Action ). We also appealed that ruling. On April 14, 2020, Steves filed a motion for further supplemental relief for pricing differences from the date of the prior order and going forward through the end of the parties current supply agreement (the Future Pricing Action ). We opposed that request for further relief. 
 JELD-WEN filed a supersedeas bond and notice of appeal of the judgment, which was heard by the Fourth Circuit on May 29, 2020. On February 18, 2021, the Fourth Circuit issued its decision on appeal in the Original Action, affirming the Amended Final Judgment Order in part and vacating and remanding in part. The Fourth Circuit vacated the Eastern District of Virginia s alternative million lost-profits award, holding that award was premature because Steves has not suffered the purported injury on which its claim for future lost profits rests. The Fourth Circuit also vacated the Eastern District of Virginia s judgment for Sam Steves, Edward Steves, and John Pierce on JELD-WEN s trade secrets claims. The Fourth Circuit affirmed the Eastern District of Virginia s finding of antitrust injury and its award of million in past antitrust damages. It also affirmed the Eastern District of Virginia s divestiture order, while clarifying that JELD-WEN retains the right to challenge the terms of any divestiture, including whether a sale to any particular buyer will serve the public interest, and made clear that the Eastern District of Virginia may need to revisit its divestiture order if the special master who has been appointed by the presiding judge cannot locate a satisfactory buyer. JELD-WEN then filed a motion for rehearing en banc with the Fourth Circuit that was denied on March 22, 2021. 
 F-37 

Back to top 

 million to Steves under the settlement agreement. 
 In re JELD-WEN Holding, Inc. Derivative Litigation On February 2, 2021, Jason Aldridge, on behalf of the Company, filed a derivative action in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against certain current and former executives and directors of the Company, alleging that the individual defendants breached their fiduciary duties by allowing the wrongful acts alleged in the Steves and Cambridge actions, as well as violations of Section 14(a) and 20(a) of the Exchange Act, unjust enrichment, and waste of corporate assets among other allegations (the Aldridge Action ). The lawsuit sought compensatory damages, equitable relief, and an award of attorneys fees and costs. The plaintiff filed an amended complaint on May 10, 2021. 
 On June 21, 2021, prior to a response from the Company in the Aldridge Action, Shieta Black and the Board of Trustees of the City of Miami General Employees Sanitation Employees Retirement Trust, on behalf of the Company, filed a derivative action in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware against certain current and former executives and directors of the Company and Onex Corporation Onex ), alleging that the defendants breached their fiduciary duties by allowing the wrongful acts alleged in the Steves and Cambridge actions, as well as insider trading, and unjust enrichment 
 F-38 

Back to top 

 million after attorneys fees and costs were deducted as part of the settlement. 
 Canadian Antitrust Litigation On May 15, 2020, D veloppement meraude Inc., on behalf of itself and others similarly situated, filed a putative class action lawsuit against the Company and Masonite in the Superior Court of the Province of Quebec, Canada, which was served on us on September 18, 2020 the Quebec Action ). The putative class consists of any person in Canada who, since October 2012, purchased one or more interior molded doors from the Company or Masonite. The suit alleges an illegal conspiracy between the Company and Masonite to agree on prices, the distribution of market shares and/or the production levels of interior molded doors and that the plaintiffs suffered damages in that they were charged and paid higher prices for interior molded doors than they would have had to pay but for the alleged anti-competitive conduct. The plaintiffs are seeking compensatory and punitive damages, attorneys fees and costs. On September 9, 2020, Kate O Leary Swinkels, on behalf of herself and others similarly situated, filed a putative class action against the Company and Masonite in the Federal Court of Canada, which was served on us on September 29, 2020 (the Federal Court Action ). The Federal Court Action makes substantially similar allegations to the Quebec Action and the putative class is represented by the same counsel. In February 2021, the plaintiff in the Federal Court Action issued a proposed Amended Statement of Claim that replaced the named plaintiff, Kate O Leary Swinkels, with David Regan. The plaintiff has sought a stay of the Quebec Action while the Federal Court Action proceeds. On July 14, 2023, the Company entered into an agreement in principle with class counsel to resolve both actions for an immaterial amount, which the Company recorded in the second quarter of 2023. A formal settlement agreement was executed as of March 27, 2024 and remains subject to court approval. The Company continues to believe the plaintiffs claims lack merit and denies any liability or wrongdoing for the claims made against the Company. 
 We have evaluated the claims against us and recorded provisions based on management s judgment about the probable outcome of the litigation and have included our estimates in accrued expenses in the accompanying balance sheets. See Note 8 - Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities . While we expect a favorable resolution to these matters, the dispute resolution process could be lengthy, and if the plaintiffs were to prevail completely or substantially in the respective matters described above, such an outcome could have a material adverse effect on our operating results, consolidated financial position, or cash flows. 
 Self-Insured Risk We self-insure substantially all of our domestic business liability risks including general liability, product liability, warranty, personal injury, auto liability, workers compensation, and employee medical benefits. Excess insurance policies from independent insurance companies generally cover exposures between million and million for domestic product liability risk and exposures between million and million for auto, general liability, personal injury, and workers compensation. We estimate our provision for self-insured losses based upon an evaluation of current claim exposure and historical loss experience. Actual self-insurance losses may vary significantly from these estimates. At September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, our accrued liability for self-insured risks was million and million, respectively. 
 Indemnifications At September 28, 2024, we had commitments related to certain representations made in contracts for sale of businesses or property, including the divestiture of JW Australia. Our indemnity obligations under the relevant agreements may be limited in terms of time, amount or scope. These representations primarily relate to past actions such as responsibility for transfer taxes if they should be claimed, and the adequacy of recorded liabilities, warranty matters, employment benefit plans, income tax matters, or environmental exposures. As it relates to certain income tax related liabilities, the relevant agreements may not provide any cap for such liabilities, and the period in which we would be liable would lapse upon expiration of the statute of limitation for assessment of the underlying taxes. Because of the conditional nature of these obligations and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement, we are unable to reasonably estimate the potential maximum exposure associated with these items. We are not aware of any material amounts claimed or expected to be claimed under these indemnities. 
 From time to time and in limited geographic areas, we have entered into agreements for the sale of our products to certain customers that provide additional indemnifications for liabilities arising from construction or product defects. We cannot estimate the potential magnitude of such exposures, but to the extent specific liabilities have been identified related to product sales, liabilities have been provided in the warranty accrual in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. 
 F-39 

Back to top 

 million at September 28, 2024 and million at December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Environmental Contingencies We periodically incur environmental liabilities associated with remediating our current and former manufacturing sites as well as penalties for not complying with environmental rules and regulations. We record a liability for remediation costs when it is probable that we will be responsible for such costs and the costs can be reasonably estimated. These environmental liabilities are estimated based on current available facts and current laws and regulations. Accordingly, it is likely that adjustments to the estimated liabilities will be necessary as additional information becomes available. Short-term environmental liabilities and settlements are recorded in accrued expenses and other current liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and totaled million and million at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Long-term environmental liabilities are recorded in deferred credits and other liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets and totaled million at September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Everett, Washington WADOE Action In 2007, we were identified by the WADOE as a PLP with respect to our former manufacturing site in Everett, Washington. In 2008, we entered into an Agreed Order with the WADOE to assess historic environmental contamination and remediation feasibility at the site. As part of the order, we agreed to develop a CAP, arising from the feasibility assessment. In December 2020, we submitted to the WADOE a draft feasibility assessment with an array of remedial alternatives, which we considered substantially complete. During 2021, several comment rounds were completed as well as the identification of the Port of Everett and W W Everett Investment LLC as additional PLPs, with respect to this matter with each PLP being jointly and severally liable for the cleanup costs. The WADOE received the final feasibility assessment on December 31, 2021, containing various remedial alternatives with its preferred remedial alternatives totaling million. Based on this study, we have determined our range of possible outcomes to be million to million. On March 1, 2022, we delivered a draft CAP consistent with the preferred alternatives which was approved by WADOE in August 2023. The existing Agreed Order of 2008 was also modified with WADOE in July 2023 to support the development of the associated CAP investigation, sampling and design components. We have made provisions within our financial statements within the range of possible outcomes; however, the contents and cost of the final CAP and allocation of the responsibility between the identified PLPs could vary materially from our estimates. 
 Towanda, Pennsylvania Consent Order In December 2020, we entered into a COA with the PaDEP to remove a pile of wood fiber waste from our site in Towanda, Pennsylvania, which we acquired in connection with our acquisition of CMI in 2012, by using it as fuel for a boiler at that site. The COA replaced a 2018 Consent Decree between the Company and PaDEP. Under the COA, we are required to achieve certain periodic removal objectives and ultimately remove the entire pile by August 31, 2025. As of September 28, 2024 and December 31, 2023 there was million, respectively in bonds posted in connection with these obligations. If we are unable to remove this pile by August 31, 2025, then the bonds will be forfeited, and we may be subject to penalties by PaDEP. We currently anticipate meeting all applicable removal deadlines; however, if our operations should change, additional alternatives would be evaluated to meet the prescribed removal timeline. 
 F-40 

Back to top 

 Note 22. 
 Interest payments on financing lease obligations Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities Cash Investing Activities: Purchases of securities for deferred compensation plan ) ) Sale of securities for deferred compensation plan Change in securities for deferred compensation plan ) ) Cash received on notes receivable Change in notes receivable Non-cash Investing Activities: Property, equipment, and intangibles purchased in accounts payable Property, equipment, and intangibles purchased with debt Customer accounts receivable converted to notes receivable 
 Consideration receivable from sale of business Cash Financing Activities: Borrowings on long-term debt 
 Payments of long-term debt 
 ) ) Payments of debt issuance and extinguishment costs, including underwriting fees ) ) Change in long-term debt and payments of debt extinguishment costs ) ) Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of finance lease liabilities 
 Non-cash Financing Activities: Prepaid insurance funded through short-term debt borrowings 
 Accounts payable converted to installment notes 
 Other Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Cash taxes paid, net of refunds 
 Cash interest paid 
 
 F-41 

Back to top 

Item 2 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This MD A contains forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Please see the Forward-Looking Statements section above for a discussion of the uncertainties, risks and assumptions associated with these statements. This discussion should be read in conjunction with our unaudited financial statements and related notes thereto and the other disclosures contained elsewhere in this Form 10-Q, and our audited financial statements and related notes and MD A included in our Form 10-K. The results of operations for the periods reflected herein are not necessarily indicative of results that may be expected for future periods, and our actual results may differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including but not limited to those listed under Item 1A Risk Factors in our Form 10-K and Form 10-Q, and included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. 
 This MD A is a supplement to our unaudited financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q and is provided to enhance your understanding of our results of operations and financial condition. Our discussion of results of operations is presented in millions throughout the MD A and due to rounding may not sum or calculate precisely to the totals and percentages provided in the tables. Our MD A is organized as follows: 
 Overview. This section provides a general description of our Company and reportable segments. 
 Consolidated Results of Operations and Operating Results by Business Segment. This section provides our analysis and outlook for the significant line items on our consolidated statements of operations, as well as other information that we deem meaningful to an understanding of our results of operations on both a consolidated basis and a business segment basis. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources. This section contains an overview of our financing arrangements and provides an analysis of trends and uncertainties affecting liquidity, cash requirements for our business, and sources and uses of our cash. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates. This section discusses the accounting policies that we consider important to the evaluation and reporting of our financial condition and results of operations, and whose application requires significant judgments or a complex estimation process. 
 Company Overview 
 We are a leading global designer, manufacturer, and distributor of high-performance interior and exterior doors, windows, and related building products, serving the new construction and R R sectors. 
 Our continuing operations include manufacturing and distribution facilities in 14 countries, located in North America and Europe. For many product lines, our manufacturing processes are vertically integrated, enhancing our range of capabilities, our ability to innovate, and our quality control as well as providing supply chain, transportation, and working capital savings. 
 Business Segments 
 Our business is organized in geographic regions to ensure integration across operations serving common end markets and customers. We have two reportable segments in our continuing operations: North America and Europe. Financial information related to our business segments can be found in Note 12 - Segment Information of our financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 The tables in this section summarize key components of our results of operations for the periods indicated, both in U.S. dollars and as a percentage of our net revenues. Certain percentages presented in this section have been rounded to the nearest whole number. Accordingly, totals may not equal the sum of the line items in the tables below. 
 We present several financial metrics in Core terms, such as Core Revenue, which excludes the impact of foreign exchange, acquisitions and divestitures completed in the last twelve months. We believe Core Revenue assists management, investors, and analysts in understanding the organic performance of the operations. 
 42 

Back to top 

 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (amounts in thousands) of Net Revenues of Net Revenues Net revenues 934,716 100.0 1,076,980 100.0 Cost of sales 754,845 80.8 853,384 79.2 Gross margin 179,871 19.2 223,596 20.8 Selling, general and administrative 143,294 15.3 162,820 15.1 Goodwill impairment 63,445 6.8 Restructuring and asset-related charges 25,540 2.7 12,698 1.2 Operating income (52,408) (5.6) 48,078 4.5 Interest expense, net 16,319 1.7 16,737 1.6 Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt 
 459 6,487 0.6 Other income, net (3,475) (0.4) (9,453) (0.9) (Loss) income from continuing operations before taxes (65,711) (7.0) 34,307 3.2 Income tax expense 7,251 0.8 17,399 1.6 (Loss) income from continuing operations, net of tax (72,962) (7.8) 16,908 1.6 (Loss) gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax (1,440) (0.2) 26,076 2.4 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 801 0.1 Net (loss) income (74,402) (8.0) 43,785 4.1 
 Consolidated Results 
 Net Revenues Net revenues decreased 142.3 million, or 13.2 , to 934.7 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 from 1,077.0 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net revenues was primarily driven by a decrease in Core Revenues of 13 . Core Revenues decreased due to a 13 decline in volume/mix. 
 Gross Margin Gross margin decreased 43.7 million, or 19.6 , to 179.9 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 from 223.6 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023. Gross margin as a percentage of net revenues was 19.2 in the three months ended September 28, 2024 and 20.8 in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in gross margin percentage was due to a decremental impact of volume/mix, partially offset by an increase in productivity. 
 SG A Expense SG A expense decreased 19.5 million, or 12.0 , to 143.3 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 from 162.8 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023. SG A expense as a percentage of net revenues increased to 15.3 in the three months ended September 28, 2024 from 15.1 in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in SG A expense was primarily due to decreased performance-based variable compensation expense, decreased amortization expense due primarily to accelerated amortization recorded in the prior year of an ERP system that we are no longer utilizing upon completion of our related obligations under the JW Australia Transition Services Agreement during the first quarter of 2024, and lower insurance expense due to favorable claims experience, partially offset by increased professional fees, including non-recurring transformation journey expenses. 
 Goodwill Impairment Goodwill impairment charges of 63.4 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 relate to goodwill impairment charges associated with our Europe reporting unit. For more information, refer to Note 6 Goodwill of our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. 
 Restructuring and Asset-Related Charges Restructuring and asset-related charges increased 12.8 million, or 101.1 to 25.5 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 from 12.7 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in restructuring was primarily due to an increase in charges incurred to transform the operating structure of our Europe segment and to close certain manufacturing facilities in our North America segment. For more information, refer to Note 16 - Restructuring and Asset-Related Charges of our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. 
 Interest Expense, Net Interest expense, net, decreased 0.4 million, or 2.5 , to 16.3 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 from 16.7 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower borrowing on our variable rate Term Loan Facility resulting from a partial principal paydown in the current quarter and an increase in interest income due to higher cash equivalents balances, partially offset by a decrease in interest income from interest rate derivatives. 
 43 

Back to top 

 Loss on Extinguishment and Refinancing of Debt The 0.5 million loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt in the three months ended September 28, 2024 is related to the redemption of the remaining 200.0 million of our 4.63 Senior Notes. The loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt of 6.5 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023 is related to the redemption of our Senior Secured Notes and partial redemption of 200.0 million of our 4.63 Senior Notes. Refer to Note 10 - Long-Term Debt of our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. 
 Other Income, Net Other income, net decreased 6.0 million, or 63.2 , to 3.5 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 from 9.5 million of other income, net in the three months ended September 30, 2023. Other income, net in the three months ended September 28, 2024 primarily consisted of cash received on investment in real estate of 3.2 million. Other income, net in the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily consisted of recovery of the JW Australia transition services costs incurred of 4.0 million and income from short-term investments and forward contracts related to the JW Australia divestiture of 3.1 million. 
 Income Taxes Income tax expense was 7.3 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 compared to 17.4 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate in the three months ended September 28, 2024 was (11.0) . The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 28, 2024 was primarily driven by 2.4 million of tax expense due to changes in UTPs from ongoing audits and 2.6 million attributable to an increase in the valuation allowance recorded against our U.S. tax attributes due to changes in estimated forecasted earnings. The effective tax rate in the three months ended September 30, 2023 was 50.7 . The effective tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily driven by 7.0 million of income tax expense from the net impact of discrete items, resulting from increases in valuation allowances and increases in UTP reserves. Refer to Note 11 - Income Taxes of our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. 
 Gain on Sale of Discontinued Operations The 1.4 million loss and 26.1 million gain on sale of discontinued operations in the three months ended September 28, 2024 and three months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, is related to the July 2, 2023 sale of JW Australia. Refer to Note 2 - Discontinued Operations of our unaudited consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. The 1.4 million loss incurred in the three months ended September 28, 2024 is related to settlement of an outstanding tax liability related to JW Australia. 
 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 (amounts in thousands) of Net Revenues of Net Revenues Net revenues 2,879,858 100.0 3,283,269 100.0 Cost of sales 2,337,362 81.2 2,642,331 80.5 Gross margin 542,496 18.8 640,938 19.5 Selling, general and administrative 494,548 17.2 478,060 14.6 Goodwill impairment 63,445 2.2 Restructuring and asset-related charges 60,046 2.1 28,776 0.9 Operating (loss) income (75,543) (2.6) 134,102 4.1 Interest expense, net 48,575 1.7 59,083 1.8 Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt 
 1,908 0.1 6,487 0.2 Other income, net (20,226) (0.7) (10,981) (0.3) (Loss) income from continuing operations before taxes (105,800) (3.7) 79,513 2.4 Income tax expense 13,383 0.5 31,638 1.0 (Loss) income from continuing operations, net of tax (119,183) (4.1) 47,875 1.5 (Loss) gain on sale of discontinued operations, net of tax (1,440) (0.1) 26,076 0.8 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 23,249 0.7 Net (loss) income (120,623) (4.2) 97,200 3.0 
 Consolidated Results 
 Net Revenues Net revenues decreased 403.4 million, or 12.3 , to 2,879.9 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 from 3,283.3 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net revenues was primarily driven by a decrease in Core Revenues of 12 . Core Revenues decreased due to a 12 decline in volume/mix. 
 44 

Back to top 

 Gross Margin Gross margin decreased 98.4 million, or 15.4 , to 542.5 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 from 640.9 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Gross margin as a percentage of net revenues was 18.8 in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and 19.5 in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in gross margin percentage was due to a decremental impact of volume/mix, partially offset by an increase in productivity. 
 SG A Expense SG A expense increased 16.5 million, or 3.4 , to 494.5 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 from 478.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. SG A expense as a percentage of net revenues increased to 17.2 in nine months ended September 28, 2024 from 14.6 in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in SG A expense was primarily due to increased professional fees, including non-recurring transformation journey expenses, increased labor cost driven by an increase in inflation, and accelerated amortization of an ERP system that we are no longer utilizing upon completion of our related obligations under the JW Australia Transition Services Agreement during the first quarter of 2024, partially offset by decreased performance-based variable compensation expense and lower insurance expense due to favorable claims experience. 
 Goodwill Impairment Goodwill impairment charges of 63.4 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 relate to goodwill impairment charges associated with our Europe reporting unit. For more information, refer to Note 6 Goodwill of our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. 
 Restructuring and Asset-Related Charges Restructuring and asset-related charges increased 31.3 million, or 108.7 to 60.0 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 from 28.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in restructuring charges was primarily due to an increase in charges incurred to close certain manufacturing facilities in our North America segment and to transform the operating structure of our Europe segment. For more information, refer to Note 16 - Restructuring and Asset-Related Charges of our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. 
 Interest Expense, Net Interest expense, net, decreased 10.5 million, or 17.8 , to 48.6 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 from 59.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower long-term debt balances resulting from the redemption of our Senior Secured Notes and partial redemption of our 4.63 Senior Notes in the third quarter of 2023, and an increase in interest income due to higher cash equivalents balances, partially offset by a decrease in interest income from interest rate derivatives. 
 Loss on Extinguishment and Refinancing of Debt The 1.9 million loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt is related to the amendment of our Term Loan Facility as well as the redemption of the remaining 200.0 million of our 4.63 Senior Notes during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. The loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt of 6.5 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 is related to the redemption of our Senior Secured Notes and partial redemption of our 4.63 Senior Notes. Refer to Note 10 - Long-Term Debt of our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. 
 Other Income, Net Other income, net increased 9.2 million, or 84.2 , to 20.2 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 from 11.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Other income, net in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 primarily consisted of recovery of the JW Australia transition services costs incurred of 6.6 million, cash received on investment in real estate of 5.7 million, income from the refund of deposits of China antidumping and countervailing duties of 3.2 million, insurance reimbursements of 1.7 million, recovery of cost from receipts on impaired notes of 1.4 million, and foreign currency gains of 1.1 million, partially offset by pension expense of 1.5 million. Other income, net in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily consisted of recovery of the JW Australia transition services costs incurred of 4.0 million and income from short-term investments and forward contracts related to the JW Australia divestiture of 3.1 million, the recovery of cost from interest received on impaired notes of 3.0 million, foreign currency gains of 2.3 million and reimbursements from insurance of 1.2 million, partially offset by pension expense of 5.0 million. 
 Income Taxes Income tax expense was 13.4 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to 31.6 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The effective tax rate in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was (12.6) . The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 28, 2024 was primarily driven by 12.1 million of tax expense due to changes in UTPs from ongoing audits and 4.3 million attributable to an increase in the valuation allowance recorded against our U.S. tax attributes due to changes in estimated forecasted earnings. The effective tax rate in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 39.8 . The effective tax rate in the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily driven by 5.7 million of tax expense attributable to an increase in the valuation allowance on U.S. tax attributes, a net 2.0 million of tax expense due to changes in UTPs and 1.6 million of tax expense attributable to share-based compensation. Refer to Note 11 - Income Taxes of our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. 
 Gain on Sale of Discontinued Operations The 1.4 million loss and 26.1 million gain on sale of discontinued operations in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, is related to the July 2, 2023 sale of JW Australia. Refer to Note 2 - Discontinued Operations of our unaudited consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. The 1.4 million loss incurred in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 is related to settlement of an outstanding tax liability for a JW Australia. 
 45 

Back to top 

 Segment Results 
 We report our segment information in the same way management internally organizes the business in assessing performance and making decisions regarding allocation of resources in accordance with ASC 280-10 - Segment Reporting . We define Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations as income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax, adjusted for the following items: income tax expense (benefit); depreciation and amortization; interest expense (income), net; and certain special items consisting of non-recurring net legal and professional expenses and settlements; goodwill impairment; restructuring and asset-related charges; M A related costs; net (gain) loss on sale of business, property, and equipment; loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt; share-based compensation expense; non-cash foreign exchange transaction/translation (gain) loss; and other special items. We use Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations because we believe this measure assists investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance. This non-GAAP financial measure should be viewed in addition to, and not as a substitute for, the Company s reported results prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 We have two reportable segments, organized and managed principally in geographic regions: North America and Europe. We report all other business activities in Corporate and unallocated costs. 
 Reconciliations of net income to Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations for our segments operations are as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 (amounts in thousands) North America Europe Corporate and Unallocated Costs Total Consolidated Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax 35,781 (66,662) (42,081) (72,962) Income tax expense (benefit) 6,455 2,626 (1,830) 7,251 Depreciation and amortization 18,142 7,884 1,848 27,874 Interest expense (income), net 819 (14) 15,514 16,319 Special items: (1) 
 Net legal and professional expenses and settlements 619 995 10,662 12,276 Goodwill impairment 63,445 63,445 Restructuring and asset-related charges 17,124 7,786 630 25,540 M A related costs 3,045 3,045 Net (gain) loss on sale of business, property, and equipment (5,288) 33 (166) (5,421) Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt 459 459 Share-based compensation expense 349 346 1,764 2,459 Non-cash foreign exchange transaction/translation loss (gain) 53 (475) 59 (363) Other special items 734 291 696 1,721 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations 74,788 16,255 (9,400) 81,643 
 (1) For a discussion of the Special items listed above, refer to Note 12 - Segment Information of our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. 
 46 

Back to top 

 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 (amounts in thousands) North America Europe Corporate and Unallocated Costs Total Consolidated Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax 40,469 10,672 (34,233) 16,908 Income tax expense (benefit) 27,412 5,974 (15,987) 17,399 Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 17,128 7,482 6,341 30,951 Interest expense, net 604 147 15,986 16,737 Special items: (2) 
 Net legal and professional expenses and settlements 802 1,264 5,335 7,401 Restructuring and asset-related charges 11,890 838 (30) 12,698 M A related costs 84 1,118 1,202 Net loss (gain) on sale property and equipment 748 (4,791) 3 (4,040) Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt 6,487 6,487 Share-based compensation expense 914 455 2,013 3,382 Non-cash foreign exchange transaction/translation loss (gain) 131 2,343 (2,203) 271 Other special items (220) 67 (3,502) (3,655) Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations 99,962 24,451 (18,672) 105,741 
 (1) Corporate and unallocated depreciation and amortization expense includes software accelerated amortization of 3.5 million for an ERP that we are no longer utilizing after we completed our related obligations under the JW Australia Transition Services Agreement during the first quarter of 2024. 
 (2) For a discussion of the Special items listed above, refer to Note 12 - Segment Information of our financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. 
 To conform with current period presentation, certain amounts in prior period information have been reclassified. 
 Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 (amounts in thousands) North America Europe Corporate and Unallocated Costs Total Consolidated Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax 82,783 (71,665) (130,301) (119,183) Income tax expense (benefit) 26,800 15,784 (29,201) 13,383 Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 55,033 22,940 19,579 97,552 Interest expense, net 2,137 917 45,521 48,575 Special items: (2) 
 Net legal and professional expenses and settlements 2,336 2,367 45,109 49,812 Goodwill impairment 63,445 63,445 Restructuring and asset-related charges 40,249 18,411 1,386 60,046 M A related costs 9,223 9,223 Net gain on sale of business, property, and equipment (7,839) (153) (184) (8,176) Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt 1,908 1,908 Share-based compensation expense 2,610 994 8,988 12,592 Non-cash foreign exchange transaction/translation loss (gain) 315 (3,771) 355 (3,101) Other special items 7,199 1,911 4 9,114 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations 211,623 51,180 (27,613) 235,190 
 (1) Corporate and unallocated depreciation and amortization expense includes software accelerated amortization of 14.1 million for an ERP that we are no longer utilizing after we completed our related obligations under the JW Australia Transition Services Agreement during the first quarter of 2024. 
 (2) For a discussion of the Special items listed above, refer to Note 12 - Segment Information of our consolidated financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. 
 47 

Back to top 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 (amounts in thousands) North America Europe Corporate and Unallocated Costs Total Consolidated Income (loss) from continuing operations, net of tax 126,987 28,627 (107,739) 47,875 Income tax expense (benefit) 63,072 10,469 (41,903) 31,638 Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 62,625 22,414 12,469 97,508 Interest expense, net 4,188 692 54,203 59,083 Special items: (2) 
 Net legal and professional expenses and settlements 804 3,720 9,085 13,609 Restructuring and asset-related charges 25,360 2,620 796 28,776 M A related costs 651 4,520 5,171 Net loss (gain) on sale of property and equipment 1,132 (5,088) 3 (3,953) Loss on extinguishment and refinancing of debt 6,487 6,487 Share-based compensation expense 3,366 1,438 7,451 12,255 Non-cash foreign exchange transaction/translation (gain) loss (168) 1,192 (1,921) (897) Other special items (39) (134) (3,450) (3,623) Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations 287,978 65,950 (59,999) 293,929 
 (1) Corporate and unallocated depreciation and amortization expense includes software accelerated amortization of 3.5 million for an ERP that we are no longer utilizing after we completed our related obligations under the JW Australia Transition Services Agreement during the first quarter of 2024. North America depreciation and amortization expense includes accelerated depreciation of 9.1 million from reviews of equipment capacity optimization. 
 (2) For a discussion of the Special items listed above, refer to Note 12 - Segment Information of our financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. 
 To conform with current period presentation, certain amounts in prior period information have been reclassified. 
 48 

Back to top 

 Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 28, 2024 to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Three Months Ended (amounts in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance Net revenues from external customers North America 677,945 790,285 (14.2) Europe 256,771 286,695 (10.4) Total Consolidated 934,716 1,076,980 (13.2) Percentage of total consolidated net revenues North America 72.5 73.4 Europe 27.5 26.6 Total Consolidated 100.0 100.0 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations (1) 
 North America 74,788 99,962 (25.2) Europe 16,255 24,451 (33.5) Corporate and unallocated costs (9,400) (18,672) (49.7) Total Consolidated 81,643 105,741 (22.8) Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations as a percentage of segment net revenues North America 11.0 12.6 Europe 6.3 8.5 Total Consolidated 8.7 9.8 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations is a financial measure that is not calculated in accordance with GAAP. For a discussion of our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations, see Note 12 - Segment Information of our financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. 
 North America 
 Net revenues in North America decreased 112.3 million, or 14.2 , to 677.9 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 from 790.3 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in Core Revenues of 14 . Core Revenues decreased due to a 14 unfavorable volume/mix driven by weaker market demand and a shift in demand to lower priced product lines. 
 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations in North America decreased 25.2 million, or 25.2 , to 74.8 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 from 100.0 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to unfavorable volume/mix and price/cost, partially offset by improved productivity. 
 Europe 
 Net revenues in Europe decreased 29.9 million, or 10.4 , to 256.8 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 from 286.7 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in Core Revenues of 12 , offset by favorable foreign exchange impact of 1 . Core Revenues decreased due to unfavorable volume/mix of 12 primarily due to market softness across the region. 
 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations in Europe decreased 8.2 million, or 33.5 , to 16.3 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024 from 24.5 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to unfavorable volume/mix and price/cost, partially offset by improved productivity. 
 Corporate and unallocated costs 
 Corporate and unallocated costs decreased by 9.3 million, or 49.7 , to 9.4 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024, from 18.7 million in the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in cost was primarily due to decrease in performance-based variable compensation expense, cash received on investment in real estate, reduction in non-transformational professional fees and corporate function expense savings, and lower insurance expense due to favorable claims experience during the three months ended September 28, 2024. 
 49 

Back to top 

 Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 28, 2024 to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Nine Months Ended (amounts in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Variance Net revenues from external customers North America 2,068,538 2,375,430 (12.9) Europe 811,320 907,839 (10.6) Total Consolidated 2,879,858 3,283,269 (12.3) Percentage of total consolidated net revenues North America 71.8 72.3 Europe 28.2 27.7 Total Consolidated 100.0 100.0 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations (1) 
 North America 211,623 287,978 (26.5) Europe 51,180 65,950 (22.4) Corporate and unallocated costs (27,613) (59,999) (54.0) Total Consolidated 235,190 293,929 (20.0) Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations as a percentage of segment net revenues North America 10.2 12.1 Europe 6.3 7.3 Total Consolidated 8.2 9.0 
 (1) Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations is a financial measure that is not calculated in accordance with GAAP. For a discussion of our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations, see Note 12 - Segment Information of our financial statements included in this Form 10-Q. 
 North America 
 Net revenues in North America decreased 306.9 million, or 12.9 , to 2,068.5 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 from 2,375.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in Core Revenues of 13 . Core Revenues decreased due to an 13 unfavorable volume/mix driven by weaker market demand and a shift in demand to lower priced products. 
 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations in North America decreased 76.4 million, or 26.5 , to 211.6 million, in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 from 288.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to unfavorable volume mix and price/cost, partially offset by improved productivity. 
 Europe 
 Net revenues in Europe decreased 96.5 million, or 10.6 , to 811.3 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 from 907.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a decrease in Core Revenues of 11 . Core Revenues decreased due to unfavorable volume/mix of 12 primarily due to market softness across the region, partially offset by a 1 benefit from price realization. 
 Adjusted EBITDA from continuing operations in Europe decreased 14.8 million, or 22.4 , to 51.2 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 from 66.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to unfavorable volume/mix, partially offset by favorable productivity. 
 Corporate and unallocated costs 
 Corporate and unallocated costs decreased by 32.4 million, or 54.0 , to 27.6 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024, from 60.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in cost was primarily due to a decrease in performance-based variable compensation expense, cash received on investment in real estate, lower insurance expense due to favorable claims experience, reduction in non-transformational professional fees and corporate function expense savings during the nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 50 

Back to top 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 We have historically funded our operations through a combination of cash from operations, draws on our revolving credit facilities, and the issuance of non-revolving debt such as our Term Loan Facility and our Senior Notes. We place a strong emphasis on cash flow generation, which includes an operating discipline focused on working capital management. Working capital fluctuates throughout the year and is impacted by inflation, the seasonality of our sales, customer payment patterns, supply availability, and the translation of the balance sheets of our foreign operations into the U.S. dollar. Typically, working capital increases at the end of the first quarter and beginning of the second quarter in conjunction with, and in preparation for, the peak season for home construction and remodeling in our North America and Europe segments, and decreases starting in the fourth quarter as inventory levels and accounts receivable decline. Inventories fluctuate for raw materials that have long delivery lead times, as we work through prior shipments and take delivery of new orders. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we had total liquidity (a non-GAAP measure) of 636.7 million, consisting of 208.5 million in unrestricted cash, 428.2 million available for borrowing under the ABL Facility, compared to total liquidity of 750.6 million as of December 31, 2023. The decrease in total liquidity was primarily due to lower cash balances at September 28, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023. 
 As of September 28, 2024, our cash balances, including 0.8 million of restricted cash, consisted of 63.1 million in the U.S. and 146.3 million in non-U.S. subsidiaries. 
 Based on our current and forecasted level of operations and seasonality of our business, we believe that cash provided by operations and other sources of liquidity, including cash, cash equivalents, and availability under our revolving credit facilities, will provide adequate liquidity for ongoing operations, planned capital expenditures and other investments, and debt service requirements for at least the next twelve months. 
 We may, from time to time, refinance, reprice, extend, retire, or otherwise modify our outstanding debt to lower our interest payments, reduce our debt, or otherwise improve our financial position. These actions may include repricing amendments, extensions, and/or opportunistic refinancing of debt. The amount of debt that may be refinanced, repriced, extended, retired, or otherwise modified, if any, will depend on market conditions, trading levels of our debt, our cash position, compliance with debt covenants, and other considerations. 
 We may, from time to time, seek to retire or purchase our outstanding debt through cash purchases and/or exchanges for equity or debt, in open market purchases, privately negotiated transactions or otherwise. Such repurchases or exchanges, if any, will be on such terms and at such prices as we may determine, and will depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 
 Based on hypothetical variable rate debt that would have resulted from drawing each revolving credit facility up to the full commitment amount, a 100 basis point decrease in interest rates would have reduced our interest expense by 8.3 million in the three months ended September 28, 2024. A 100 basis point increase in interest rates would have increased our interest expense by 8.3 million in the same period. In certain instances, the impact of a hypothetical decrease would have been partially mitigated by interest rate floors that apply to certain of our debt agreements. 
 Borrowings and Refinancings 
 In June 2023, we amended the Term Loan Facility to replace LIBOR with a Term SOFR based rate as the successor benchmark rate and made certain other technical amendments and related conforming changes. All other material terms and conditions were unchanged. 
 In August 2023, we redeemed all 250.0 million of our 6.25 Senior Secured Notes and 200.0 million of our 4.63 Senior Notes. The Company recognized a pre-tax loss of 6.5 million on the redemption in year ended December 31, 2023, consisting of 3.9 million in call premium and 2.6 million in accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 In January 2024, we amended the Term Loan Facility to lower the applicable margin for replacement term loans, remove certain provisions no longer relevant to the parties, and make certain other technical amendments and related conforming changes. Pursuant to the amendment, replacement term loans bear interest at SOFR plus a margin of 1.75 to 2.00 depending on JWI s corporate credit ratings, compared to a margin of 2.00 to 2.25 under the previous amendment. All other material terms and conditions of the Term Loan Agreement were unchanged. 
 In August 2024, we issued 350.0 million of Senior Notes, bearing interest at 7.00 , the proceeds of which were utilized to repay 150.0 million of the outstanding balance of our Term Loan Facility. 
 51 

Back to top 

 In September 2024, we redeemed the remaining 200.0 million of our 4.63 Senior Notes. The Company recognized a pre-tax loss of 0.5 million on the redemption resulting from accelerated amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 As of September 28, 2024, we were in compliance with the terms of all of our Credit Facilities and the indentures governing the Senior Notes. 
 Our results have been and will continue to be impacted by substantial changes in our net interest expense throughout the periods presented and into the future. See Note 10 - Long-Term Debt of our consolidated financial statements for additional details. 
 Cash Flows (1) 
 The following table summarizes the changes to our cash flows for the periods presented: 
 Nine Months Ended (amounts in thousands) September 28, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 78,025 272,983 Investing activities (106,396) 298,843 Financing activities (50,283) (550,753) Effect of changes in exchange rates on cash and cash equivalents 
 (1,179) (2,035) Net change in cash and cash equivalents (79,833) 19,038 
 (1) Cash flow information for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 is inclusive of cash flows from JW Australia as discontinued operations through the divestiture date of July 2, 2023. 
 Cash Flow from Operations 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 195.0 million to 78.0 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to 273.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decreased operating cash flow was primarily due to unfavorable change in earnings of 217.8 million and an unfavorable impact from accrued expenses of 48.6 million, due primarily to higher payments of annual variable compensation for 2023 performance, partially offset by a 8.5 million improvement in net cash provided by our working capital accounts. The impact of accounts receivable, net of 70.7 million was favorable in the nine months ended September 28, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was primarily due to decreased sales and slightly improved collections. The 14.0 million favorable impact from accounts payable is primarily due to improved payment terms with suppliers. The 76.2 million unfavorable impact of inventory is primarily due to the prior year benefit from intentional, one-time reductions not being repeated in the current year, as the current year began with a more normalized inventory level as compared to the prior year. Further, the unfavorable impact of inventory was also driven by investments in inventory levels to aid in delivering improved service levels and lead times to our customers. 
 Cash Flow from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities was 106.4 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to cash provided by investing activities of 298.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily driven by 367.5 million proceeds (payments) related to the sale of JW Australia during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and an increase in capital expenditures of 37.7 million. 
 Cash Flow from Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities decreased 500.5 million to 50.3 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to 550.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a decrease in net debt payments and payments of debt extinguishment costs of 25.6 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024 compared to net debt payments and payments of debt extinguishment costs of 549.3 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease is partially offset by the repurchases of common stock of 24.3 million in the nine months ended September 28, 2024. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our MD A is based upon our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. On an ongoing basis, we evaluate our estimates. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which may differ from these estimates. 
 52 

Back to top 

 Our significant accounting policies are described in Note 1 - Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to the consolidated financial statements presented in our Form 10-K. Our critical accounting policies and estimates are described in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in the Form 10-K. Our significant and critical accounting policies have not changed significantly since our Form 10-K was filed. 
 Holding Company Status 
 We are a holding company that conducts all of our operations through subsidiaries, and we rely on dividends or advances from our subsidiaries to fund the holding company. The majority of our operating income is derived from JWI, our main operating subsidiary. The ability of our subsidiaries to pay dividends to us is subject to applicable local law and may be limited due to the terms of other contractual arrangements, including our Credit Facilities and Senior Notes. 
 The amount of our consolidated net assets that were available to be distributed under our Credit Facilities as of September 28, 2024 was 924.1 million. 
 
 Item 3 - Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 We are exposed to various types of market risks, including the effects of adverse fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates, changes in interest rates, and movements in commodity prices for products we use in our manufacturing. To reduce our exposure to these risks, we maintain risk management controls and policies to monitor these risks and take appropriate actions to attempt to mitigate such forms of market risk. Our market risks have not changed significantly from those disclosed in the Form 10-K. 
 
 Item 4 - Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, which are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, including this Report, are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 The Company s management, including the Company s CEO and CFO, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Report and, based on that evaluation, the CEO and CFO concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 28, 2024. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during the Company s most recently completed quarter ended September 28, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

53 

Back to top 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1 - Legal Proceedings 
 Information relating to this item is included within Note 21 - Commitments and Contingencies of our unaudited financial statements included elsewhere in this Form 10-Q. 
 
 Item 1A - Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K included in Part I Item 1A - Risk Factors for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 5 - Other Information 
 (c) During the three months ended September 28, 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) of the Company or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 Item 6 - Exhibits 
 Exhibit No. Exhibit Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of JELD-WEN Holding, Inc. 
 8-K 001-38000 
 3.1 May 4, 2022 3.2 Fourth Amended and Restated Bylaws of JELD-WEN Holding, Inc. 
 8-K 001-38000 
 3.1 February 9, 2024 4.1 Indenture, dated as of August 22, 2024, among JELD-WEN Holding, Inc., the guarantors party thereto and Truist Bank, as trustee (including the form of Notes). 
 8-K 001-38000 
 4.1 August 22, 2024 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a). 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document-the instance document does not appear in this Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 104 Cover page Interactive Data file (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). Filed herewith 
 
 54 

Back to top 

 SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 JELD-WEN HOLDING, INC. (Registrant) By: /s/ Samantha L. Stoddard Samantha L. Stoddard Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Date: November 6, 2024 
 55 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q32024exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, William J. Christensen, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended September 28, 2024 of JELD-WEN Holding, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 
 
 s William J. Christensen 
 William J. Christensen 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q32024exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC REPORT UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Samantha L. Stoddard, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended September 28, 2024 of JELD-WEN Holding, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles and 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 6, 2024 

s Samantha L. Stoddard 
 Samantha L. Stoddard 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 q32024exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 
 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, we, the undersigned officers of JELD-WEN Holding, Inc. (the Company ), do hereby certify that the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal period ended September 28, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date November 6, 2024 
 
 s William J. Christensen William J. Christensen Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

s Samantha L. Stoddard Samantha L. Stoddard 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 jeld-20240928.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 jeld-20240928_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 jeld-20240928_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 jeld-20240928_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 jeld-20240928_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

