<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1943705_0001943705-24-000014.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8509670</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>145865</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1643117</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2834916</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2173323</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1550541</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001943705-24-000014.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113160129
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001943705-24-000014
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Revelyst, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001943705
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	 [3949]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	04 Manufacturing
		IRS NUMBER:				883763984
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0331

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41793
		FILM NUMBER:		241453858

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		177 GARDEN DR.
		CITY:			BOZEMAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59718
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(763) 433-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		177 GARDEN DR.
		CITY:			BOZEMAN
		STATE:			MT
		ZIP:			59718

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Outdoor Products Spinco Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20220823

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001943705-24-000014.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 gear-20240930.htm
 10-Q

gear-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended or TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered None 
 None 
 None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of November 11, 2024, there were shares of the registrant's voting common stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page PART I - Financial Information Item 1. 
 Unaudited Financial Statements 
 2 
 Item 2. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 25 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 34 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 34 
 PART II - Other Information Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 36 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 36 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 42 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 42 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 42 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 42 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 42 
 SIGNATURES 
 44 

1 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 REVELYST, INC. 
 BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 Unaudited 
 Dollar and share amounts in ones September 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 ASSETS Cash 
 Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Liabilities 
 Total liabilities Stockholder equity: 
 Common stock par value: 
 Authorized shares 
 Issued and outstanding shares as of September 30, 2024 and shares as of March 31, 2024 
 Stock subscription receivable ) ) Total stockholder equity 
 Total liabilities and stockholder equity 
 
 See Notes to the Balance Sheets 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 REVELYST, INC. 
 NOTES TO THE BALANCE SHEETS 
 1. 
 per share, of Vista Outdoor Vista Outdoor Common Stock outstanding as of immediately prior to the closing of such transaction (other than shares held by Vista Outdoor, its subsidiaries or CSG, which will be canceled, and shares subject to appraisal demands in connection with the Sporting Products Sale) being converted into the right to receive (a) fully paid and non-assessable share of common stock of Revelyst Revelyst Common Stock and (b) in cash (the Cash Consideration ). 
 On May 27, 2024, the parties entered into the first amendment to the Merger Agreement (the First Amendment ). The First Amendment: 
 1. increases the base purchase price from to ; 
 2. increases the Cash Consideration from to in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock; and 
 3. provided that certain Vista Outdoor restricted stock units held by Vista Outdoor employees will be converted into restricted cash awards, subject to the same terms and conditions as the corresponding Vista Outdoor restricted stock units , including vesting terms, to the extent necessary to address adverse tax consequences to such employees and Vista Outdoor under Sections 280G and 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 On June 23, 2024, the parties entered into the second amendment to the Merger Agreement (the Second Amendment ). The Second Amendment: 
 1. increased the base purchase price from to ; and 
 2. increased the Cash Consideration from to in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock. 
 On July 7, 2024, the Parties entered into the third amendment to the Merger Agreement (the Third Amendment ). The Third Amendment: 
 1. increased the base purchase price from to ; and 
 2. increased the Cash Consideration from to in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock. 
 On July 21, 2024, the Parties entered into the fourth amendment to the Merger Agreement (the Fourth Amendment ). The Fourth Amendment: 
 1. increased the base purchase price from to ; and 
 2. increased the Cash Consideration from to in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock. 
 On July 30, 2024, Vista Outdoor announced their Board of Directors (the Vista Outdoor Board decided to commence a review of strategic alternatives which included: (i) the exploration of a full range of alternatives for the Revelyst Business, including a potential sale of the Revelyst Business, (ii) engagement with MNC Capital and its private equity partner with respect to its proposal to acquire Vista Outdoor in an all-cash transaction for per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock, and (iii) continued consideration of the separation of the Revelyst Business and The Kinetic Group through a spin-off. CSG was 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 of the fully diluted outstanding shares of Revelyst Common Stock as of the Closing (after giving effect to the Contribution including, for the avoidance of doubt, the shares of Revelyst Common Stock to be transferred by Vista Outdoor to Merger Sub Parent) (the Revelyst Purchased Shares prior to the sale of such shares from Vista Outdoor to Merger Sub Parent; 
 2. provided that immediately prior to Closing, Merger Sub Parent would purchase from Vista Outdoor the Revelyst Purchased Shares for Revelyst Purchased Shares Purchase Price (the Revelyst Investment 
 3. provided that following payment of the Revelyst Purchased Shares Purchase Price, Vista Outdoor would contribute such amount to Revelyst to be paid to Vista Outdoor stockholders as part of the Cash Consideration; and 
 4. increased the Cash Consideration from to in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock. 
 On October 4, 2024, the parties entered into the Sixth Merger Agreement Amendment. The Sixth Merger Agreement Amendment: 
 1. increased the Base Purchase Price from to ; 
 2. changed the Cash Consideration from to in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock; 
 3. extended the End Date to December 11, 2024; and 
 4. eliminated the Revelyst Investment. 
 On October 4, 2024, Vista Outdoor completed certain portions of the legal and structural separation of Revelyst, Inc. from Vista Outdoor. To effect the structural separation, Vista Outdoor undertook certain pre-spin-off transactions described below: 
 1. Vista Outdoor contributed its equity interest in certain of its wholly owned subsidiaries to its wholly owned subsidiary Revelyst, Inc. 
 The Sporting Products Sale is subject to approval of Vista Outdoor stockholders and other customary closing conditions. There can be no assurance regarding the ultimate timing of the proposed transaction or that the Sporting Products Sale will be completed. 
 On October 4, 2024, Vista Outdoor entered into an agreement with Revelyst, Cabin Ridge Inc. SVP Merger Sub and Olibre LLC SVP Parent ( Revelyst Merger Agreement pursuant to which, following the completion of the Sporting Products Sale and subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions, SVP Merger Sub will be merged with and into Revelyst (holding only the Revelyst business), with Revelyst surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of SVP Parent (the Revelyst Merger and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Revelyst Merger Agreement and the related transaction documents, in each case as amended from time to time, the Revelyst Transaction ). Each share of Revelyst Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of such transaction (including shares of Revelyst Common Stock received by Vista Outdoor stockholders as part of the Sporting Products Sale) (other than any such shares of Revelyst Common Stock held by Revelyst, its subsidiaries or SVP Parent) will be converted into the right to receive merger consideration in an amount calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Revelyst Merger Agreement, using a base purchase price of . There can be no assurance regarding the ultimate timing of the Revelyst Merger Agreement or that it will be completed. 
 2. 
 3. 
 issued and outstanding shares of common stock or preferred stock. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

REVELYST BUSINESS 
 CONDENSED COMBINED BALANCE SHEETS (unaudited) 
 Unaudited (Amounts in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Net receivables Net inventories Prepaid expenses 
 Income tax receivable Other current assets Total current assets Net property, plant, and equipment Operating lease assets Goodwill Net intangible assets Other non-current assets 
 Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 
 Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation Sales and other taxes payable 
 Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Deferred income tax liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 15) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total parent company equity 
 Total liabilities and parent company equity 
 See Notes to the Condensed Combined Financial Statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 REVELYST BUSINESS 
 CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (unaudited) 
 Three months ended Six months ended (Amounts in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 24, 2023 Sales, net (including related party sales of and for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and six months ended September 24, 2023, respectively) 
 Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: 
 Research and development Selling, general, and administrative (Gain) loss on divestitures, net (Note 6) 
 ) Operating income (loss) 
 ) ) Other income (expense), net (Note 4) ) ) Interest income 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 ) ) Income tax (provision) benefit 
 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net income (loss) (from above) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax: 
 Change in derivative instruments, net of tax benefit (expense) of and for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and ) and ) for the three and six months ended September 24, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Change in cumulative translation adjustment, net of tax benefit (expense) of and for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and ) and ) for the three and six months ended September 24, 2023, respectively 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive income 
 Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 See Notes to the Condensed Combined Financial Statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 REVELYST BUSINESS 
 CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited) 
 Six months ended (Amounts in thousands) September 30, 2024 September 24, 2023 Operating Activities Net income (loss) 
 ) Adjustments to net loss to arrive at cash provided by operating activities: 
 Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Impairment of long-lived assets 
 Gain on sale of businesses (Note 6) 
 ) Deferred income taxes ) Foreign currency translation gains, net 
 ) ) Loss on disposal of property, plant, and equipment 
 Share-based compensation Changes in assets and liabilities: Net receivables ) ) Net inventories Prepaid expenses 
 ) Accounts payable ) Accrued compensation ) Accrued income taxes ) ) Sales tax 
 ) ) Other assets and liabilities Cash provided by operating activities 
 Investing Activities Capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from the sale of businesses 
 Proceeds from the disposition of property, plant and equipment 
 Asset acquisition ) Cash provided by (used for) investing activities 
 ) Financing Activities Net transfers to Parent 
 ) ) Payments made for contingent consideration ) ) Cash used for financing activities 
 ) ) Effect of foreign currency exchange rate fluctuations on cash ) Increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Disclosures: Noncash investing activity: Capital expenditures included in accounts payable and other accrued liabilities 
 See Notes to the Condensed Combined Financial Statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 REVELYST BUSINESS 
 CONDENSED COMBINED STATEMENTS OF PARENT COMPANY EQUITY (unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands) Parent Company Investment Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Parent Company Equity Balance, March 31, 2024 ) Comprehensive (loss) ) ) Net transfers to Parent ) ) Balance, June 30, 2024 ) Comprehensive income Net transfers to Parent ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) Balance, March 31, 2023 ) Comprehensive (loss) ) ) Net transfers to Parent ) ) Balance, June 25, 2023 ) Comprehensive (loss) ) ) Net transfers to Parent ) ) Balance, September 24, 2023 ) 
 See Notes to the Condensed Combined Financial Statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 REVELYST BUSINESS 
 NOTES TO THE CONDENSED COMBINED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands except share and per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 
 
 1. 
 (the base purchase price on a cash-free, debt-free basis subject to working capital adjustments. Pursuant to a Separation Agreement entered into between Vista Outdoor and Revelyst, Inc. simultaneously with the entry into the Merger Agreement, Vista Outdoor will separate its Revelyst Outdoor Performance, Revelyst Adventure Sports and Revelyst Precision Sports Technology segments (together, the Revelyst Business , we , our , and us , unless the context otherwise requires, formerly the Outdoor Products business) from The Kinetic Group business by transferring the assets and liabilities of the Revelyst business to a wholly owned subsidiary of Vista Outdoor, Revelyst, and CSG will merge one of its subsidiaries with Vista Outdoor (holding only The Kinetic Group business), with each share of common stock, par value per share, of Vista Outdoor ("Vista Outdoor Common Stock") outstanding as of immediately prior to the closing of such transaction (other than shares held by Vista Outdoor, its subsidiaries or CSG, which will be canceled, and shares subject to appraisal demands in connection with the Sporting Products Sale) being converted into the right to receive (a) fully paid and non-assessable share of common stock of Revelyst Revelyst Common Stock and (b) in cash Cash Consideration ). 
 On May 27, 2024, the parties entered into the first amendment to the Merger Agreement (the First Amendment ). The First Amendment: 
 1. increases the base purchase price from to ; 
 2. increases the Cash Consideration from to in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock; and 
 3. provided that certain Vista Outdoor restricted stock units held by Vista Outdoor employees will be converted into restricted cash awards, subject to the same terms and conditions as the corresponding Vista Outdoor restricted stock units , including vesting terms, to the extent necessary to address adverse tax consequences to such employees and Vista Outdoor under Sections 280G and 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 On June 23, 2024, the parties entered into the second amendment to the Merger Agreement (the Second Amendment ). The Second Amendment: 
 1. increased the base purchase price from to ; and 
 2. increased the Cash Consideration from to in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock. 
 On July 7, 2024, the Parties entered into the third amendment to the Merger Agreement (the Third Amendment ). The Third Amendment: 
 1. increased the base purchase price from to ; and 
 2. increased the Cash Consideration from to in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock. 
 On July 21, 2024, the Parties entered into the fourth amendment to the Merger Agreement (the Fourth Amendment ). The Fourth Amendment: 
 1. increased the base purchase price from to ; and 
 2. increased the Cash Consideration from to in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock. 
 On July 30, 2024, Vista Outdoor announced their Board of Directors (the Vista Outdoor Board decided to commence a review of strategic alternatives which included: (i) the exploration of a full range of alternatives for the Revelyst Business, including a potential sale of the Revelyst Business, (ii) engagement with MNC Capital and its private equity partner with respect to its proposal to acquire Vista Outdoor in an all-cash transaction for per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock, and (iii) continued consideration of the separation of the Revelyst Business and The Kinetic Group through a spin-off. CSG was 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 of the fully diluted outstanding shares of Revelyst Common Stock as of the Closing (after giving effect to the Contribution including, for the avoidance of doubt, the shares of Revelyst Common Stock to be transferred by Vista Outdoor to Merger Sub Parent) (the Revelyst Purchased Shares prior to the sale of such shares from Vista Outdoor to Merger Sub Parent; 
 2. provided that immediately prior to Closing, Merger Sub Parent would purchase from Vista Outdoor the Revelyst Purchased Shares for Revelyst Purchased Shares Purchase Price (the Revelyst Investment 
 3. provided that following payment of the Revelyst Purchased Shares Purchase Price, Vista Outdoor would contribute such amount to Revelyst to be paid to Vista Outdoor stockholders as part of the Cash Consideration; and 
 4. increased the Cash Consideration from to in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock. 
 On October 4, 2024, the parties entered into the Sixth Merger Agreement Amendment. The Sixth Merger Agreement Amendment: 
 1. increased the Base Purchase Price from to ; 
 2. changed the Cash Consideration from to in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock; 
 3. extended the End Date to December 11, 2024; and 
 4. eliminated the Revelyst Investment. 
 On October 4, 2024, Vista Outdoor completed certain portions of the legal and structural separation of Revelyst, Inc. from Vista Outdoor. To effect the structural separation, Vista Outdoor undertook certain pre-spin-off transactions described below: 
 1. Vista Outdoor contributed its equity interest in certain of its wholly owned subsidiaries to its wholly owned subsidiary Revelyst, Inc. 
 The Sporting Products Sale is subject to approval of Vista Outdoor stockholders and other customary closing conditions. There can be no assurance regarding the ultimate timing of the proposed transaction or that the Sporting Products Sale will be completed. 
 On October 4, 2024, Vista Outdoor entered into an agreement with Revelyst, Cabin Ridge Inc. SVP Merger Sub and Olibre LLC SVP Parent ( Revelyst Merger Agreement pursuant to which, following the completion of the Sporting Products Sale and subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions, SVP Merger Sub will be merged with and into Revelyst (holding only the Revelyst business), with Revelyst surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of SVP Parent (the Revelyst Merger and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Revelyst Merger Agreement and the related transaction documents, in each case as amended from time to time, the Revelyst Transaction ). Each share of Revelyst Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of such transaction (including shares of Revelyst Common Stock received by Vista Outdoor stockholders as part of the Sporting Products Sale) (other than any such shares of Revelyst Common Stock held by Revelyst, its subsidiaries or SVP Parent) will be converted into the right to receive merger consideration in an amount calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Revelyst Merger Agreement, using a base purchase price of . There can be no assurance regarding the ultimate timing of the Revelyst Merger Agreement or that it will be completed. 
 Nature of Operations. The Revelyst Business is a house of iconic consumer product brands serving a diverse range of outdoor enthusiasts across the world. We design, develop, manufacture, source and distribute performance gear and precision technologies for golfers, cyclists, off-road riders, skiers, snowboarders, backyard grillers, hikers, campers, anglers and hunters. We will be headquartered in Providence, Rhode Island and have manufacturing and distribution facilities in the U.S., Canada, Mexico and Puerto Rico along with international customer service, sales and sourcing operations in Asia and Europe. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 of loss on divestiture and ) of gain on divestiture, respectively, and and of general corporate expenses, respectively. During the three and six months ended September 24, 2023 we were allocated and of general corporate expenses, respectively. General corporate expenses are included within selling, general and administrative expenses in the unaudited condensed combined statements of comprehensive income (loss). Management considers the basis on which the expenses have been allocated to reasonably reflect the utilization of services provided to or the benefit received by us during the periods presented. The allocations may not, however, reflect the expenses we would have incurred if we had been an independent company for the periods presented. Actual costs that may have been incurred if we had been an independent company would depend on several factors, including the organizational structure, whether functions were outsourced or performed by employees and strategic decisions made in areas such as information technology and infrastructure. We are unable to determine what such costs would have been had we been independent. Following the closing of the Sporting Products Sale (the Closing ), we may perform these functions using our own resources or purchased services. 
 All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in the Vista Outdoor consolidation process. Related party transactions between us and Vista Outdoor have been included in these unaudited condensed combined financial statements. The aggregate net effect of related party transactions not historically settled in cash between us and Vista Outdoor has been reflected in the unaudited condensed combined balance sheets as Parent company investment and in the unaudited condensed combined statements of cash flows as Net transfers to Parent within financing activities. 
 Vista Outdoor utilizes a centralized approach to cash management and financing its operations. This arrangement is not reflective of the manner in which we would have been able to finance our operations had we been independent from Vista Outdoor. The cash and cash equivalents held by Vista Outdoor at the corporate level are not specifically identifiable to us and therefore have not been reflected in our unaudited condensed combined balance sheets. Cash transfers between Vista Outdoor and us are recorded through the Parent company investment account. Cash and cash equivalents in the unaudited condensed combined balance sheets represents cash and temporary investments held locally by us. 
 The unaudited condensed combined financial statements include certain assets and liabilities that have historically been held at the Vista Outdoor corporate level but are specifically identifiable or otherwise attributable to us. Vista Outdoor s third-party debt and the related interest expense have not been allocated to us for any of the periods presented, as we are not the primary obligor of such debt. 
 See our discussion of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates in Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report. 
 
 2. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 . 
 Payments made ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 Contingent consideration liabilities are reported under the following captions in the unaudited condensed combined balance sheets: September 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 Other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total 
 Disclosures about the Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 The carrying amount of our receivables, inventory, accounts payable and accrued liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024 approximates fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. The carrying values of cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024 are categorized within Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy. 
 Long-lived assets measured on a non-recurring basis 
 We periodically evaluate the recoverability of the carrying amount of our long-lived assets, including amortizing intangible assets, whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be fully recoverable or exceeds its fair value. These assets include long-lived assets that are written down to fair value when they are held for sale or determined to be impaired. See Note 6, Divestitures and Acquisitions, for discussion of impairment recorded during the first fiscal quarter related to a divestiture completed in the second fiscal quarter of 2025. See Note 3. Leases , for discussion of right of use asset (ROU) impairments during the first fiscal quarter of 2025. Significant assumptions were used to estimate fair value of long-lived assets, which were categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy. See Note 12, Restructuring, for discussion of long-lived asset impairments related to our GEAR Up restructuring plan during the first fiscal quarter of 2025. 
 
 3. 
 . The exercise of lease renewal options is at our sole discretion. The depreciable life of assets and leasehold improvements are limited by the expected lease term. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 Liabilities: Current: Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Long-term: Operating lease liabilities Long-term operating lease liabilities Total lease liabilities 
 Variable operating lease costs Operating and Sublease income ) ) ) ) Net lease costs 
 (1) Includes short-term leases, which are immaterial. 
 The weighted average remaining lease term and weighted average discount rate is as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 Weighted average remaining lease term (years): 
 Operating leases Weighted average discount rate: 
 Operating leases 
 Fiscal year 2026 
 Fiscal year 2027 
 Fiscal year 2028 
 Fiscal year 2029 
 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities: Operating leases ROU asset re-measurement ) ) 
 As part of our GEAR Up restructuring plan, we made a strategic decision to close and impair office locations that were no longer being used as intended or are actively being marketed for sublease. Accordingly, during the first fiscal quarter of 2025, we recognized a ROU asset impairment of reducing the carrying value of the lease asset to its estimated fair value, which is included in selling, general, and administrative on our unaudited condensed combined statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 4. 
 months from their inception. A s of September 30, 2024, the notional amounts of our foreign currency forward contracts designated as cash flow hedge instruments were approximately . The effectiveness of cash flow hedge contracts is assessed quantitatively at inception and qualitatively thereafter considering the transactions critical terms and counterparty credit quality. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 24, 2023, we recorded net foreign currency translation realized and unrealized gain (loss) of and ), respectively, and for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 24, 2023, we recorded realized and unrealized net foreign currency translation gain (loss) o f and ), respectively, on the unaudited condensed combined statements of comprehensive income (loss) within other income (expense), net.) ) Total ) ) 
 14 

Table of Contents ) Total gain (loss) ) ) 
 Loss reclassified from other comprehensive loss into earnings Three months ended Six months ended Derivatives designated as cash flow hedging instruments: Location September 30, 2024 September 24, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 24, 2023 Foreign currency forward contracts Cost of sales ) ) ) ) Foreign currency forward contracts Other income (expense), net ) ) ) ) Total loss ) ) ) ) 
 
 5. 
 - days of product delivery with a discount available to some customers for early payment. In some cases, we offer extended payment terms to customers. However, we do not consider these extended payment terms to be a significant financing component of the contract because the payment terms are less than a year. 
 Our contracts with customers may have shipping terms that indicate a transfer of control of the products upon their arrival at the destination rather than upon shipment. In those cases, we recognize revenue only when the product reaches the customer destination, which may require us to estimate the timing of transfer of control based on the expected delivery date. In all cases, however, we consider our costs related to shipping and handling to be a cost of fulfilling the contract with the customer. 
 The total amount of revenue we recognize for the sale of our products reflects various sales adjustments for discounts, returns, refunds, allowances, rebates, and other customer incentives. These sales adjustments can vary based on market conditions, customer preferences, timing of customer payments, volume of products sold, and timing of new product launches. These adjustments require management to make reasonable estimates of the amount we expect to receive from the customer. We estimate sales adjustments by customer or by product category on the basis of our historical experience with similar contracts with customers, adjusted as necessary to reflect current facts and circumstances and our expectations for the future. Sales taxes, federal excise taxes, and other similar taxes are excluded from revenue. 
 For our contracts that have multiple performance obligations, which represent promises within an arrangement that are distinct, we allocate revenue to all distinct performance obligations based on their relative stand-alone selling prices SSPs ). When available, we use observable prices to determine SSPs. When observable prices are not available, SSPs are established that reflect our best estimates of what the selling prices of the performance obligations would be if they were sold regularly on a stand-alone basis. We allocate revenue and any related discounts to these performance obligations based on their relative SSPs. 
 Incentives in the form of cash paid to the customer (or a reduction of a customer cash payment to us) typically are recognized as a reduction of sales unless the incentive is for a distinct benefit that we receive from the customer, e.g., advertising or marketing. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 6. 
 fixed asset impairment during the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 to write down the carrying value of the Fiber Energy facilities and equipment to their fair value, which is included in selling, general, and administrative on our unaudited condensed combined statements of comprehensive income (loss). The key assumption in the fair value analysis was the proposed purchase price as of June 30, 2024. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized a pre-tax loss on this divestiture of approximately , which is included in (gain) loss on divestitures on our unaudited condensed combined statements of comprehensive income (loss) . The loss was mostly related to transaction related expenses. This transaction d oes not meet the criteria for discontinued operations as it does not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our ongoing operations. 
 On May 1, 2024, we completed the divestiture of the RCBS brand. The assets of this business represented a portion of our Revelyst Outdoor Performance reportable segment. D uring the three months ended June 30, 2024 we recognized a pre-tax gain on this divestiture of approximately , which is included in (gain) loss on divestitures, net on our unaudited condensed combined statements of comprehensive income (loss). This transaction does not meet the criteria for discontinued operations as it does not represent a strategic shift that will have a major effect on our ongoing operations. 
 Acquisitions 
 During the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2024, we acquired PinSeeker, a leader in virtual network of golfers, allowing players to compete globally in real-time. The results of this business are reported within the Revelyst Precision Sports Technology reportable segment. We accounted for the acquisition as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting and performed a preliminary allocation of the purchase price to the tangible and intangible assets acquired and liabilities assumed based on their estimated fair values as of the acquisition date. We finalized the purchase price allocation during the second quarter of fiscal year 2025, and no significant changes were recorded from the original estimation. The acquisition is not significant to our combined financial statements and as such we have not included disclosures of the allocation of the purchase price or any pro forma information. 
 
 7. 
 Other receivables Less: allowance for estimated credit losses and discounts ) ) Net receivables 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 and of the total trade receivables balance as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. 
 Provision for credit losses ) Write-off of uncollectible amounts, net of recoveries ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 
 8. 
 Work in process Finished goods Net inventories 
 We consider inventories to be long-term if they are not expected to be sold within one year. Long-term inventories are presented on the balance sheets net of reserves within deferred charges and other non-current assets and totaled and as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. 
 
 9.) Cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Total AOCL ) ) 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) ) ) Change in fair value of derivatives ) ) Income tax impact on derivative instruments ) ) Net loss reclassified from AOCL Net change in cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Ending balance in net AOCL ) ) ) ) ) ) Six months ended September 30, 2024 September 24, 2023 Derivatives Cumulative translation adjustment Total Derivatives Cumulative translation adjustment Total Beginning balance in AOCL ) ) ) ) ) Change in fair value of derivatives ) ) Income tax impact on derivative instruments ) ) Net loss reclassified from AOCL Net change in cumulative translation adjustment ) ) Ending balance in net AOCL ) ) ) ) ) ) 

10. 
 Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) Patented technology ) ) Customer relationships and other ) ) Total ) ) Non-amortizing trade names Net intangible assets ) ) 
 The net decrease in the gross intangible assets during the six months ended September 30, 2024 was due to the divestiture of RCBS non-amortizing trade names during the first quarter of fiscal 2025. Amortization expense related to our intangible assets was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively, and was and for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Fiscal year 2026 Fiscal year 2027 Fiscal year 2028 Fiscal year 2029 Thereafter Total 
 
 11. 
 Accrual for in-transit inventory Operating lease liabilities Contingent consideration Other Total other current liabilities 
 
 12. 
 new reportable segments. We further finalized plans to centralize certain functions under shared services to better support our segments. We also announced plans to geographically consolidate the businesses within our segments. These geographic relocations are expected to be completed during fiscal year 2025. 
 For GEAR Up, we are estimating pre-tax restructuring charges of approximately to over the duration of the plan. We expect these charges to be completed during fiscal 2027. All pre-tax restructuring charges will be recorded as corporate expense, and not allocated to our reportable segments. 
 During the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 , we incurred and of pre-tax restructuring costs in connection with GEAR Up, which are recorded in selling, general, and administrative expense in the unaudited condensed combined statements of comprehensive income (loss) . In the fourth quarter of fiscal year 2023, we announced a cost reduction and earnings improvement program. That program was substantially completed as of March 31, 2024, with only immaterial accruals related to employee costs remaining as of September 30, 2024. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Employee severance and related expenses 
 Professional fees 
 Right-of-use asset impairments 
 Long-lived asset impairments Contract terminations Other 
 Total 
 ) Professional fees ) ) ) Contract terminations ) Other 
 ) Total 
 ) ) 
 
 13. 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 Total share-based compensation cost and the associated income tax benefits recognized in the unaudited condensed combined statements of comprehensive income (loss) were as follows: 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, are related directly to our employees and and , respectively, are related to allocations of Vista Outdoor s corporate and shared employee share-based compensation expenses. During the three and six months ended September 24, 2023, and , respectively, are related directly to our employees, and ) and ), respectively, related to allocations of Vista Outdoor s corporate and shared employee share-based compensation expenses. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there ar e shar e-based compensation arrangements for our employees that have not been recognized. This amount will be recognized in expense over a weighted-average period of years . 
 
 14. 
 and , respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate from the prior year three month period is primarily driven by the beneficial change in the valuation allowance which caused lower tax expense in the quarter. 
 The income tax provisions for the six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 24, 2023 represent effective tax rates of and , respectively. The decrease in the effective tax rate from the prior year six month period is primarily driven by the beneficial change in the valuation allowance offset by foreign taxes in the current period and the operating loss in the prior period. 
 The effective tax rate for the six months ended September 30, 2024 differs from the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the impact of the beneficial change in valuation allowance. The effective tax rate for the six months ended September 24, 2023 was lower than the statutory rate primarily because of the operating loss in the quarter, which caused the unfavorable tax adjustments to decrease the rate. 
 Income taxes paid, net of refunds, totaled and in six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. 
 We have classified uncertain tax positions as non-current income tax liabilities unless expected to be paid within one year. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits, including interest and penalties, amounted to and as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. It is expected that a reduction of the liability for unrecognized tax benefits will occur in the next 12 months. The settlement of these unrecognized tax benefits could result in earnings from to . 
 
 15. 
 . See Note 3, Leases . 
 The debt and related interest expense of Vista Outdoor has not been allocated to us, wholly or in part, for any of the periods. As of September 30, 2024, Vista Outdoor had outstanding long-term debt of through its 2022 ABL Revolving Credit Facility ABL Facility and Senior Notes Notes ). We and our domestic subsidiaries, together with substantially all domestic subsidiaries of Vista Outdoor, guarantee on a secured basis, jointly and severally and fully and unconditionally, the ABL Facility of Vista Outdoor. Under the Notes obligation, we, together with Vista Outdoor s existing and future domestic subsidiaries that guarantee the ABL Facility or other indebted ness in an aggregate principal amount in excess of , fully and unconditionally guarantees, jointly and severally, the Notes. The ABL Facility matures on March 31, 2026 and the Notes mature in 2029. 
 Litigation 
 From time to time, we are subject to various legal proceedings, including lawsuits, which arise out of, and, are incidental to, the conduct of our business. We do not consider any of such proceedings that are currently pending, individually or in the aggregate, to be material to our business or likely to result in a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial position, or cash flows. 
 
 16. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, which are included in net sales in the unaudited condensed combined statements of comprehensive income (loss). For the three and six months ended September 24, 2023, we sold products to other Vista Outdoor businesses in the amount of and , respectively, which are included in net sales in the unaudited condensed combined statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 Share-Based Compensation 
 ) Income tax benefit (expense) related to share based compensation ) 
 Net Transfers (To) and From Vista Outdoor) ) ) ) Corporate allocations Share-based compensation ) Total net transfers to Parent 
 ) ) ) ) 
 
 17. 
 operating and reportable segments, based on how our chief operating decision maker CODM ), our Chief Executive Officer, allocates resources and makes decisions: 
 Revelyst Outdoor Performance primarily consists of our outdoor cooking, fishing, outdoor accessories and technical gear and apparel brands. The primary products of this segment include waders, sportswear, outerwear, footwear and fishing tools and accessories, performance optics, outdoor accessories and outdoor cooking equipment. 
 Revelyst Adventure Sports primarily consists of our protective gear and apparel, footwear, hydration and e-mobility brands. The primary products of this segment include motocross, mountain biking, cycling and snow sports protection and accessories, as well as bike hydration packs and water bottles and e-bikes. 
 Revelyst Precision Sports Technology primarily consists of our golf technology brands. The primary products of this segment include high-performance golf GPS devices, laser rangefinders and launch monitors. 
 Our CODM relies on internal management reporting that analyzes our operating segments' operating income. Certain corporate-related costs and other non-recurring costs are not allocated to the segments in order to present comparable results from period to period and are not utilized by management in determining segment profitability. As segment assets are not reported to or used by the CODM to measure business performance or allocate resources, total segment assets are not presented below. 
 No customer contributed more than 10 of sales during the six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 24, 2023. Our sales to foreign customers w ere and during six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. During the six months ended September 30, 2024, approximately of these sales were in Revelyst Outdoor Performance, were in Revelyst Adventure Sports and were in Revelyst Precision Sports and 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 and of our sales during the six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 24, 2023, respectively. 
 Gross profit Operating income (loss) 
 ) Other income, net Interest income, net Income before income taxes Depreciation and amortization 
 
 Six months ended September 30, 2024 Revelyst Outdoor Performance 
 Revelyst Adventure Sports 
 Revelyst Precision Sports Technology Reportable segment totals Corporate and other reconciling items (a) 
 Total Sales, net Gross profit Operating income (loss) 
 ) ) Other income, net Interest income, net Income before income taxes Depreciation and amortization 
 
 Three months ended September 24, 2023 (b) Revelyst Outdoor Performance 
 (b) Revelyst Adventure Sports 
 (b) Revelyst Precision Sports Technology 
 Reportable segment totals Corporate and other reconciling items (a) 
 Total Sales, net Gross profit Operating income (loss) ) ) ) Other expense, net ) Interest income, net Loss before income taxes ) Depreciation and amortization 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Gross profit Operating income (loss) ) ) ) Other expense, net ) Interest income, net Loss before income taxes ) Depreciation and amortization 
 (a) includes corporate general and administrative expenses of and for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and and for the three and six months ended September 24, 2023, respectively, plus other non-recurring costs that are not allocated to the segments in order to present comparable results as presented to the CODM. Reconciling items during the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 included the loss (gain) on divestitures of and ), fixed asset impairment of and , and post-acquisition compensation expense of and . Reconciling items for the three and six months ended September 24, 2023 included restructuring expense of and , transition expense of and , post-acquisition compensation expense of and and contingent consideration fair value adjustment of and . 
 (b) During the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, we modified our reportable segments. Accordingly, prior comparative periods have been restated to conform to the change. 
 Net sales exclude all intercompany sales between all reporting segments, which were not material for any of the periods presented. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (Amounts in thousands except per share data and unless otherwise indicated) 
 Forward-Looking Information is Subject to Risk and Uncertainty 
 Some of the statements made and information contained in this report, excluding historical information, are "forward-looking statements," including those that discuss, among other things: our plans, objectives, expectations, intentions, strategies, goals, outlook or other non-historical matters; projections with respect to future revenues, income, earnings per share or other financial measures for Revelyst; and the assumptions that underlie these matters. The words "believe," "expect," "anticipate," "intend," "aim," "should" and similar expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. To the extent that any such information is forward-looking, it is intended to fit within the safe harbor for forward-looking information provided by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Numerous risks, uncertainties and other factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from the expectations described in such forward-looking statements, including the following: 
 our ability to successfully implement the acquisition component of Revelyst s strategic leverage strategy, particularly if Revelyst is unable to raise the capital necessary to finance acquisitions; 
 our ability to make the changes necessary to operate as an independent, publicly traded company; 
 supplier capacity constraints, supplier production disruptions, supplier quality issues; 
 supply, availability and costs of raw materials and components; 
 increases in commodity, energy, and production costs; 
 seasonality and weather conditions; 
 the impacts of climate change on our supply chain, product costs and consumer behavior; 
 reductions in or unexpected changes in or our inability to accurately forecast demand for our products; 
 impairment related to Revelyst s goodwill and intangible assets could negatively impact Revelyst s results of operations and parent company equity; 
 disruption in the service or significant increase in the cost of our primary delivery and shipping services for our products and components or a significant disruption at shipping ports; 
 risks associated with diversification into new international and commercial markets, including regulatory compliance; 
 our ability to take advantage of growth opportunities in international and commercial markets; 
 our ability to obtain and maintain licenses to third-party technology; 
 our ability to attract and retain key personnel; 
 disruptions caused by catastrophic events; 
 risks associated with our sales to significant retailers and distributors, including unexpected cancellations, delays, changes to purchase orders; insolvency or credit problems; 
 our competitive environment; 
 risks associated with retailer or distributor insolvency, credit problems or other financial difficulties; 
 our ability to adapt our products to changes in technology, the marketplace and customer preferences, including our ability to respond to shifting preferences of the end consumer from brick and mortar retail to online retail; 
 our ability to expand our e-commerce business; 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to maintain and enhance brand recognition and reputation; 
 others' use of social media to disseminate negative commentary about us, our products, and boycotts; 
 the outcome of contingencies, including with respect to litigation and other proceedings relating to intellectual property, product liability, warranty liability, personal injury, and environmental remediation; 
 our ability to comply with extensive federal, state and international laws, rules and regulations and any changes thereto, including the expectations with respect to climate change and other Environmental, Social and Governance ESG matters and the additional cost associated therewith; 
 risks associated with cybersecurity and other industrial and physical security threats; 
 failure to comply with data privacy and security laws and regulations; 
 interest rate risk; 
 changes in the current tariff structures; 
 changes in tax rules or pronouncements; 
 capital market volatility and the availability of financing; 
 foreign currency exchange rates and fluctuations in those rates; 
 general economic and business conditions in the United States and our markets outside the United States, including as a result of the war in Ukraine and the imposition of sanctions on Russia, the conflict in the Gaza strip, the COVID-19 pandemic or another pandemic, conditions affecting employment levels, consumer confidence and spending, conditions in the retail environment, and other economic conditions affecting demand for our products and the financial health of our customers; 
 risks relating to the market for Revelyst common stock; and 
 risks related to the Sporting Products Sale and the Revelyst Transaction, including (i) the failure to receive, on a timely basis or otherwise, the required approval of the Sporting Products Sale by Vista Outdoor stockholders, (ii) the possibility that any or all of the various conditions to the consummation of the Sporting Products Sale or the Revelyst Transaction may not be satisfied or waived, including the failure to receive any required regulatory approvals from any applicable governmental entities (or any conditions, limitations or restrictions placed on such approvals), (iii) the possibility that competing offers or acquisition proposals may be made, (iv) the occurrence of any event, change or other circumstance that could give rise to the termination of the merger agreement relating to the Sporting Products Sale or the Revelyst Transaction, including in circumstances which would require Vista Outdoor or Revelyst, as applicable, to pay a termination fee, (v) the effect of the announcement or pendency of the Sporting Products Sale or the Revelyst Transaction on our ability to attract, motivate or retain key executives and employees, our ability to maintain relationships with our customers, vendors, service providers and others with whom we do business, or our operating results and business generally, (vi) risks related to the Sporting Products Sale or Revelyst Transaction diverting management s attention from our ongoing business operations, (vii) that the Sporting Products Sale or the Revelyst Transaction may not achieve some or all of any anticipated benefits with respect to either business segment and that the Sporting Products Sale or the Revelyst Transaction may not be completed in accordance with our expected plans or anticipated timelines, or at all and (viii) that the consideration paid to Revelyst stockholders in connection with the Revelyst Transaction cannot be determined until the consummation of the Revelyst Transaction as it is subject to certain adjustments related to the net cash of Revelyst as of the closing of the Revelyst Transaction and the management team s current estimate of the consideration may be higher or lower than the actual consideration paid to Revelyst stockholders in connection with the Revelyst Transaction due to the actual cash flows prior to the closing of the Revelyst Transaction or other factors. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements we make. A more detailed description of risk factors that may affect our operating results can be found in Part 1, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2024 and in the filings we make with Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") from time to time. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements, except as otherwise required by law. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 There have been no changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates from the information provided in Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2024. 
 
 Basis of Presentation and Separation from Vista Outdoor Inc. 
 Revelyst was incorporated in Delaware on August 16, 2022, and was formed for the purpose of effecting a separation from Vista Outdoor. The Company is currently a wholly owned subsidiary of Vista Outdoor. On October 15, 2023, Vista Outdoor Inc. Vista Outdoor entered into a definitive agreement (the Merger Agreement to sell The Kinetic Group business (formerly the Sporting Products business) to CZECHOSLOVAK GROUP a.s., (the Sporting Products Sale for an enterprise value of 1,910,000 (the base purchase price on a cash-free, debt-free basis subject to working capital adjustments. Pursuant to a Separation Agreement entered into between Vista Outdoor and Revelyst, Inc. simultaneously with the entry into the Merger Agreement, Vista Outdoor will separate its Revelyst Outdoor Performance, Revelyst Adventure Sports and Revelyst Precision Sports Technology segments (together, the Revelyst Business , we , our , and us , unless the context otherwise requires, formerly the Outdoor Products business) from The Kinetic Group business by transferring the assets and liabilities of the Revelyst Business to Revelyst, Inc. following which CSG will merge one of its subsidiaries with Vista Outdoor (holding only The Kinetic Group Business), with each share of common stock, par value 0.01 per share, of Vista Outdoor Vista Outdoor Common Stock outstanding as of immediately prior to the closing of such transaction (other than shares held by Vista Outdoor, its subsidiaries or CSG, which will be canceled, and shares subject to appraisal demands in connection with the Sporting Products Sale) being converted into the right to receive (a) one fully paid and non-assessable share of common stock of Revelyst Revelyst Common Stock and (b) 12.90 in cash (the Cash Consideration ). 
 On May 27, 2024, the parties entered into the first amendment to the Merger Agreement (the First Amendment ). The First Amendment: 
 1. increased the base purchase price from 1,910,000 to 1,960,000; 
 2. increased the Cash Consideration from 12.90 to 16.00 in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock; and 
 3. provided that certain Vista Outdoor restricted stock units held by Vista Outdoor employees will be converted into restricted cash awards, subject to the same terms and conditions as the corresponding Vista Outdoor restricted stock units, including vesting terms, to the extent necessary to address adverse tax consequences to such employees and to Vista Outdoor under Sections 280G and 4999 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. 
 On June 23, 2024, the parties entered into the second amendment to the Merger Agreement (the Second Amendment ). The Second Amendment: 
 1. increased the base purchase price from 1,960,000 to 2,000,000; and 
 2. increased the Cash Consideration from 16.00 to 18.00 in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock. 
 On July 7, 2024, the Parties entered into the third amendment to the Merger Agreement (the Third Amendment ). The Third Amendment: 
 1. increased the base purchase price from 2,000,000 to 2,100,000; and 
 2. increased the Cash Consideration from 18.00 to 21.00 in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock. 
 On July 21, 2024, the Parties entered into the fourth amendment to the Merger Agreement (the Fourth Amendment ). The Fourth Amendment: 
 1. increased the base purchase price from 2,100,000 to 2,150,000; and 
 2. increased the Cash Consideration from 21.00 to 24.00 in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock. 
 On July 30, 2024, Vista Outdoor announced their Board of Directors (the Vista Outdoor Board decided to commence a review of strategic alternatives which included: (i) the exploration of a full range of alternatives for the Revelyst Business, including a potential sale of the Revelyst Business, (ii) engagement with MNC Capital and its private equity partner with 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 respect to its proposal to acquire Vista Outdoor in an all-cash transaction for 42.00 per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock, and (iii) continued consideration of the separation of the Revelyst Business and The Kinetic Group through a spin-off. CSG was also considering an acquisition of the Revelyst Business with potential partners (in addition to its proposed acquisition of The Kinetic Group). 
 On September 12, 2024, the parties entered into the Fifth Merger Agreement Amendment. The Fifth Merger Agreement Amendment: 
 1. provided for Revelyst to issue Vista Outdoor additional shares of Revelyst Common Stock in an amount equal to the number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock equal to 7.5 of the fully diluted outstanding shares of Revelyst Common Stock as of the closing of the Sporting Products Sale (after giving effect to the Contribution (as defined in the Separation Agreement) including, for the avoidance of doubt, the shares of Revelyst Common Stock to be transferred by Vista Outdoor to Merger Sub Parent) (the Revelyst Purchased Shares prior to the sale of such shares from Vista Outdoor to Merger Sub Parent; 
 2. provided that immediately prior to the closing of the Sporting Products Sale, Merger Sub Parent would purchase from Vista Outdoor the Revelyst Purchased Shares for 150,000 Revelyst Purchased Shares Purchase Price (the Revelyst Investment 
 3. provided that following payment of the Revelyst Purchased Shares Purchase Price, Vista Outdoor would contribute such amount to Revelyst to be paid to Vista Outdoor stockholders as part of the Cash Consideration; and 
 4. increased the Cash Consideration from 24.00 to 28.00 in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock. 
 On October 4, 2024, the parties entered into the Sixth Merger Agreement Amendment. The Sixth Merger Agreement Amendment: 
 1. increased the Base Purchase Price from 2,150,000 to 2,225,000; 
 2. changed the Cash Consideration from 28.00 to 25.75 in cash per share of Vista Outdoor Common Stock; 
 3. extended the End Date to December 11, 2024; and 
 4. eliminated the Revelyst Investment. 
 On October 4, 2024, Vista Outdoor completed certain portions of the legal and structural separation of Revelyst, Inc. from Vista Outdoor. To effect the structural separation, Vista Outdoor undertook certain pre-spin-off transactions described below: 
 1. Vista Outdoor contributed its equity interest in certain of its wholly owned subsidiaries to its wholly owned subsidiary Revelyst, Inc. 
 The Sporting Products Sale is subject to approval of Vista Outdoor stockholders and other customary closing conditions. There can be no assurance regarding the ultimate timing of the proposed transaction or that the Sporting Products Sale will be completed. 
 On October 4, 2024, Vista Outdoor entered into an agreement with Revelyst, Cabin Ridge Inc. SVP Merger Sub and Olibre LLC SVP Parent ( Revelyst Merger Agreement pursuant to which, following the completion of the Sporting Products Sale and subject to the receipt of regulatory approvals and other customary closing conditions, SVP Merger Sub will be merged with and into Revelyst (holding only the Revelyst business), with Revelyst surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of SVP Parent (the Revelyst Merger and, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Revelyst Merger Agreement and the related transaction documents, in each case as amended from time to time, the Revelyst Transaction ). Each share of Revelyst Common Stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the closing of such transaction (including shares of Revelyst Common Stock received by Vista Outdoor stockholders as part of the Sporting Products Sale) (other than any such shares of Revelyst Common Stock held by Revelyst, its subsidiaries or SVP Parent) will be converted into the right to receive merger consideration in an amount calculated in accordance with the provisions of the Revelyst Merger Agreement, using a base purchase price of 1,125,000. There can be no assurance regarding the ultimate timing of the Revelyst Merger Agreement or that it will be completed. 
 Our unaudited condensed combined financial statements reflect our historical financial position, results of operations and cash flows for the periods presented as we are managed within Vista Outdoor. Our unaudited condensed combined financial statements have been prepared on a carve-out basis and are derived from the consolidated financial statements and accounting records of Vista Outdoor. Our unaudited condensed combined financial statements have been prepared in U.S. dollars and in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Our unaudited condensed combined financial statements may not be indicative of our future performance and do not necessarily reflect what the results of 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 operations, financial position and cash flows would have been had we operated as an independent company during the periods presented. 
 Our unaudited condensed combined financial statements include expense allocations for certain functions provided by Vista Outdoor, including but not limited to general corporate expenses related to finance, legal, information technology, human resources, communications and insurance. These expenses have been allocated to us on the basis of direct usage when identifiable, with the remainder principally allocated on the basis of percent of revenue, headcount or other measures. During the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 we were allocated 872 of loss on divestiture and (18,787) of gain on divestiture, respectively, and 16,183 and 34,942 of general corporate expenses, respectively. During the three and six months ended September 24, 2023 we were allocated 16,882 and 29,144 of general corporate expenses, respectively. General corporate expenses are included within selling, general and administrative expenses in the unaudited condensed combined statements of comprehensive loss. General corporate expenses are included within selling, general and administrative expenses in the unaudited condensed combined statements of comprehensive income (loss). Management considers the basis on which the expenses have been allocated to reasonably reflect the utilization of services provided to or the benefit received by us during the periods presented. The allocations may not, however, reflect the expenses we would have incurred if we had been an independent company for the periods presented. Actual costs that may have been incurred if we had been an independent company would depend on several factors, including the organizational structure, whether functions were outsourced or performed by employees and strategic decisions made in areas such as information technology, supply chain, sales and marketing, operations and infrastructure. We are unable to determine what such costs would have been had we been independent. Following the closing of the Sporting Products Sale (the Closing ), we may perform these functions using our own resources or purchased services. 
 Executive Summary and Financial Highlights 
 We have three operating and reportable segments, based on how our chief operating decision maker CODM ), our Chief Executive Officer, allocates resources and makes decisions. See Note 17, Operating Segment Information, to the unaudited condensed combined financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report for discussion and details. Below is the composition of our segments during the periods covered by this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 Revelyst Outdoor Performance primarily consists of our outdoor cooking, fishing, outdoor accessories and technical gear and apparel brands. The primary products of this segment include waders, sportswear, outerwear, footwear and fishing tools and accessories, performance optics, outdoor accessories and outdoor cooking equipment. 
 Revelyst Adventure Sports primarily consists of our protective gear and apparel, footwear, hydration and e-mobility brands. The primary products of this segment include motocross, mountain biking, cycling and snow sports protection and accessories, as well as bike hydration packs and water bottles and e-bikes. 
 Revelyst Precision Sports Technology primarily consists of our golf technology brands. The primary products of this segment include high-performance golf GPS devices, laser rangefinders and launch monitors. 
 In addition, we present a Corporate category for purposes of reconciliation, which is not considered a reportable segment. 
 Management currently considers the following events, results, trends and uncertainties to be most important to understanding our financial condition, operating performance and significant events: 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, net sales decreased 17,846 or 5.4 compared to the prior year period primarily due to volume decreases within Revelyst Adventure Sports, the divestitures of RCBS and Fiber Energy, a decrease in related party sales and lower volume at Simms Fishing within Revelyst Outdoor Performance. The decline was partially offset by increased net sales within Revelyst Precision Sports Technology caused by higher volume, which was primarily driven by new product introductions, increased volume at Bushnell within Revelyst Outdoor Performance and increased volume at Giro within Revelyst Adventure Sports. Our reportable segments reported an increase of 9,204 or 74.9 in operating income for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the prior fiscal period, primarily due to a 4,538 or 4.8 increase in gross profit as compared for the same periods, improved inventory health and the divestiture of Fiber Energy within our Revelyst Outdoor Performance segment and improved inventory health within our Revelyst Adventure Sports segment, which was partially offset primarily by increased discounting at Bushnell Golf within the Revelyst Precision Sports Technology segment. Our ongoing management inventory program and divestiture created a decrease of 26,147 or 7.9 in inventory levels since the prior fiscal year-end. 
 GEAR Up Transformation Program 
 During fiscal year 2024, we initiated the GEAR Up transformation program. GEAR Up is an efficiency and cost savings 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 initiative program, to accelerate growth and transformation. We expect GEAR Up to deliver targeted annualized pre-tax operating profit improvements of approximately 100,000. During the six months ended September 30, 2024, savings from the GEAR Up program contributed 11,600 in cost savings, and we expect to realize 25,000 to 30,000 of savings in Fiscal Year 2025 across our key GEAR Up focus areas. We are estimating pre-tax restructuring charges of approximately 40,000 to 50,000 over the duration of the plan and expect these charges to be completed by fiscal year 2027. All restructuring charges will be recorded as corporate expenses and not allocated to our reportable segments. See Note 12, Restructuring, to the unaudited condensed combined financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report for additional information. 
 Divestitures 
 During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, we completed the divestiture of the RCBS brand. This business was part of the Revelyst Outdoor Performance reportable segment. See Note 6, Divestitures and Acquisitions, for discussion of the pre-tax gain recorded during the first fiscal quarter of 2025 related to this divestiture. 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we completed the divestiture of our wood pellet manufacturer company, Fiber Energy Products. This business was part of the Revelyst Outdoor Performance reportable segment. See Note 6, Divestitures and Acquisitions , for discussion of impairment recorded during the first fiscal quarter of 2025 related to this business, and the pre-tax loss recorded during the second quarter of 2025 related to the divestiture of this business. 
 RCBS and Fiber Energy Products contributed approximately 30,000 of total combined sales in fiscal year 2024. 
 Outlook 
 Outdoor Recreation Industry 
 According to the 2024 Outdoor Participation Trends Report, "the growth of outdoor participation that began in 2016 and accelerated during the COVID pandemic is showing few signs of slowing as the outdoor participation base grew larger again this year to a record 175.8 million participants. This represents 57.3 of all Americans aged six and older". The participants increased across demographics and activities as we see new and young recreation participants driving growth and diversity in the participation base, including increasing numbers of women, people of color and seniors. We believe that we are well positioned to capture additional share of participants' wallets through new, innovative product launches, cross-collaborations and exciting partnerships despite challenges related to market softness. Specifically at Simms Fishing, we hold a dominant position in waders and are gaining share in sportswear; at Bushnell Golf, we continue to set the standard with our leading position; and at Fox, Bell, Giro and CamelBak we are capturing share across numerous categories, including Helmets, Mountain Bike Protection and Bike Hydration despite a declining market environment. We remain focused on driving growth and share gains regardless of market conditions and are poised to revolutionize our future through innovative product and technology offerings, as well as leading partnerships. 
 Current Economic Conditions 
 Inflation and Consumer Spending 
 We continue to be exposed to inflationary factors, which may adversely affect our operating results, including higher costs of products and operating costs. Our sales to retailers and distributors follow the end consumer spending patterns. If these adverse conditions persist or become more severe, this may continue to have an adverse effect on our operating results if the selling prices of our products are not able to offset these increased costs, or if increased selling prices reduce demand for our products. Changes to interest rates in response to inflationary factors could have adverse impacts on our cash flows and operating results depending on the severity and length of the changes. We cannot predict the impact of these adverse conditions on our liquidity and financial results. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview 
 Historically, we have operated within Vista Outdoor s corporate structure, and an important source of liquidity for our business, particularly for the execution of our growth strategy, has been cash generated by the Sporting Products segment of Vista Outdoor. Following the Closing, our capital structure and sources of liquidity will change significantly from our historical capital structure. We will no longer participate in cash management and funding arrangements with Vista Outdoor. Instead, our ability to fund our cash needs will depend on our ongoing ability to independently generate cash from operations and obtain debt and/or equity financing on acceptable terms. We believe we will meet known or reasonably likely future cash requirements through the combination of cash flows from operating activities, available cash balances and available borrowings through the issuance of third-party debt. Our separation from Vista Outdoor s other businesses may increase the overall cost of debt funding and may decrease the overall debt capacity and commercial credit available to us. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Prior to the Closing, certain of our subsidiaries guarantee the obligations of Vista Outdoor under (i) Vista Outdoor s Amended and Restated Asset-Based Revolving Credit Agreement dated as of August 5, 2022 (the ABL Facility and (ii) the 4.5 Senior Unsecured Notes due 2029 (the 4.5 Notes issued by Vista Outdoor on March 3, 2021. The ABL Facility includes a covenant that prohibits the Planned Separation (as defined in Vista Outdoor s Form 10-K filing for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2022) with respect to the separation of Vista Outdoor s Outdoor Products (currently the Revelyst Business) and Sporting Products (currently The Kinetic Group) segments or any analogous transaction with respect to any line of business, business segment or division (or any part thereof) of Vista Outdoor or any subsidiary thereof. At the time of the Closing, Vista Outdoor expects to repay all amounts outstanding and, if applicable, terminate all commitments, under the ABL Facility (or, cause the members of the Sporting Products Group to be released from their obligations thereunder) and redeem the 4.5 Notes. 
 Financial Condition 
 Cash decreased to 21,740 as of September 30, 2024 from 22,946 at March 31, 2024. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, we used our cash generated from operating activities in addition to proceeds received from the sale of our RCBS business and our Fiber Energy business to fund capital expenditures and for net transfers to parent within our financing activities. 
 Net accounts receivable as of September 30, 2024 increased 1,782 compared to March 31, 2024, primarily resulting from increased sales to our customer base with longer payment terms. Net inventories continue to decrease compared to the prior year period as a result of our continued focus on decreasing inventory levels. 
 Net transfers to Parent increased slightly as compared to the prior fiscal year, primarily due to proceeds received from the sale of RCBS and Fiber Energy, reduced payments for contingent consideration and reduced capital expenditures, partially offset by decreased cash provided by operations. The transfers to Parent represented transactions between Revelyst and Vista Outdoor. These transactions are considered to be effectively settled for cash at the time the transaction is recorded. The components of these transactions (or transfers) include (i) constructive cash transfers from Revelyst to Vista Outdoor, (ii) cash transfers from Vista Outdoor to fund Revelyst s requirements for working capital commitments, (iii) cash transfers from Vista Outdoor to fund Revelyst s acquisitions and (iv) an allocation of Vista Outdoor s corporate expenses. 
 Liquidity 
 In addition to our normal operating cash requirements, our principal future cash requirements will be to fund strategic acquisitions, capital expenditures, earn-outs related to previous acquisitions and the execution of our GEAR Up transformation program. Our short-term cash requirements for operations are expected to consist mainly of capital expenditures to maintain facilities, payment of earn-outs related to previous acquisitions, execution of our GEAR Up transformation program and working capital requirements. 
 At the time of the Closing, we expect to have cash and cash equivalents of approximately 125,000 after giving effect to the contribution from Vista Outdoor, and payout of merger consideration to shareholders. 
 There can be no assurance that the cost or availability of future borrowings, if any, will not be materially impacted by capital and credit market conditions, including any disruptions to these markets, as a result of natural disasters and public health crises or other significant catastrophic events, or our future financial condition and performance. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 We lease certain warehouse, distribution and office facilities, vehicles and office equipment under operating leases. As of September 30, 2024, current and long-term operating lease liabilities of 12,557 and 91,528, respectively, were recorded in the accompanying unaudited condensed combined balance sheets. For further discussion on minimum lease payment obligations, see Note 3, Leases, to the unaudited condensed combined financial statements in Part I, Item 1 included in this Quarterly Report for additional details. 
 There have been no material changes with respect to the contractual obligations and commitments or off-balance sheet arrangements described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for fiscal year 2024. 
 Contingencies 
 Litigation 
 From time to time, we are subject to various legal proceedings, including lawsuits, which arise out of and are incidental to the conduct of our business. We do not consider any of such proceedings that are currently pending, individually or in the 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 aggregate, to be material to our business or likely to result in a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition or cash flows. 
 Dependence on Key Customers; Concentration of Credit 
 Walmart represented 15 and 12 of the total trade receivables balance as of September 30, 2024 and March 31, 2024, respectively. No customer contributed more than 10 of sales during the six months ended September 30, 2024 and September 24, 2023. If a key customer fails to meet payment obligations, our operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 Segment results for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and six months ended September 24, 2023: 
 During the third quarter of fiscal year 2024, we modified our reportable segments. Accordingly, prior comparative periods have been restated to conform to the change. Our net sales, gross profit, gross profit as a percentage of net sales (gross profit margin), operating income (loss), operating income (loss) as a percentage of net sales (operating income (loss) margin), other expense, net, interest expense, and income tax (benefit) provision by reportable segment and by corporate and other (where applicable) are presented below: 
 Three months ended Change Six months ended Change Net Sales: September 30, 2024 September 24, 2023 Dollars Percent September 30, 2024 September 24, 2023 Dollars Percent Revelyst Outdoor Performance 100,566 112,736 (12,170) (10.8) 190,535 223,948 (33,413) (14.9) Revelyst Adventure Sports 159,504 168,758 (9,254) (5.5) 286,782 313,157 (26,375) (8.4) Revelyst Precision Sports Technology 54,905 51,327 3,578 7.0 111,878 117,159 (5,281) (4.5) Total 314,975 332,821 (17,846) (5.4) 589,195 654,264 (65,069) (9.9) 
 Three months ended 
 Revelyst Outdoor Performance The decrease in net sales was a result of decreased related party sales, the divestitures of RCBS and Fiber Energy and lower volume at Simms Fishing, partially offset by increased volume at Bushnell. 
 Revelyst Adventure Sports The decrease in net sales was a result of volume decreases, primarily at QuietKat, Fox, and Bell. These decreases were partially offset by increased price and higher volume at Giro. 
 Revelyst Precision Sports Technology The increase in net sales was caused by higher volume, primarily driven by new product introductions, partially offset by higher discounts at Bushnell Golf. 
 Six months ended 
 Revelyst Outdoor Performance The decrease in net sales was a result of decreased related party sales, lower volume at Simms Fishing and Camp Chef, as well as the divestitures of RCBS and Fiber Energy, partially offset by higher volume at Eagle Industries and Bushnell. 
 Revelyst Adventure Sports The decrease in net sales was a result of pre-order sales during the first fiscal quarter of 2024 that were not repeated during the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 because of delivery timing delays in our fourth fiscal quarter 2023 and lower volume at QuietKat and Fox, partially offset by higher volume at Giro. 
 Revelyst Precision Sports Technology The decrease in net sales was caused by lower volume compared to strong new product introductions for Bushnell Golf in the prior year period, partially offset by growth at Foresight driven by new product introductions. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Three months ended Change Six months ended Change Gross Profit: September 30, 2024 September 24, 2023 Dollars Percent September 30, 2024 September 24, 2023 Dollars Percent Revelyst Outdoor Performance 
 25,796 23,011 2,785 12.1 47,529 48,709 (1,180) (2.4) Revelyst Adventure Sports 
 49,556 47,386 2,170 4.6 84,470 90,070 (5,600) (6.2) Revelyst Precision Sports Technology 
 22,945 23,362 (417) (1.8) 47,688 49,706 (2,018) (4.1) Total 98,297 93,759 4,538 4.8 179,687 188,485 (8,798) (4.7) Gross profit margin 31.2 28.2 30.5 28.8 
 Three months ended 
 Revelyst Outdoor Performance The increase in gross profit was primarily caused by improved inventory health and the divestiture of Fiber Energy. These increases were partially offset by manufacturing efficiency headwinds. Gross profit margin was 25.7 compared to 20.4 in the prior fiscal period. 
 Revelyst Adventure Sports The increase in gross profit was primarily caused by improved inventory health and increased price. These increases were partially offset by lower volume as described above. Gross profit margin was 31.1 compared to 28.1 in the prior fiscal period. 
 Revelyst Precision Sports Technology The decrease in gross profit was primarily caused by increased discounting at Bushnell Golf, partially offset by volume as described above. Gross profit margin was 41.8 compared to 45.5 in the prior fiscal period. 
 Six months ended 
 Revelyst Outdoor Performance The decrease in gross profit was primarily caused by lower volume as described above, partially offset by improved input cost pricing and the divestiture of Fiber Energy. Gross profit margin was 24.9 compared to 21.8 in the prior fiscal period. 
 Revelyst Adventure Sports The decrease in gross profit was primarily caused by lower volume as described above and lower royalty revenue, partially offset by improved inventory health. Gross profit margin was 29.5 compared to 28.8 in the prior fiscal period. 
 Revelyst Precision Sports Technology The decrease in gross profit was primarily caused by lower volume as noted above. Gross profit margin was 42.6 compared to 42.4 in the prior fiscal period. 
 Three months ended Change Six months ended Change Operating income (loss): September 30, 2024 September 24, 2023 Dollars Percent September 30, 2024 September 24, 2023 Dollars Percent Revelyst Outdoor Performance 
 2,605 (3,252) 5,857 180.1 (271) (4,867) 4,596 94.4 Revelyst Adventure Sports 
 11,053 6,815 4,238 62.2 4,853 5,688 (835) 14.7 Revelyst Precision Sports Technology 
 7,828 8,719 (891) (10.2) 15,354 18,557 (3,203) (17.3) Corporate and other (17,163) (17,079) (84) (0.5) (16,364) (29,472) 13,108 44.5 Total 4,323 (4,797) 9,120 190.1 3,572 (10,094) 13,666 135.4 Operating loss margin 1.4 (1.4) 0.6 (1.5) 
 Three months ended 
 Revelyst Outdoor Performance The increase in operating income was caused by higher gross profit and decreased selling, general and administrative costs, primarily related to GEAR up initiatives. Operating loss margin was 2.6 compared to (2.9) in the prior fiscal period. 
 Revelyst Adventure Sports The increase in operating income was driven by higher gross profit and decreased selling, general and administrative costs, primarily related to GEAR up initiatives. Operating loss margin was 6.9 compared to 4.0 in the prior fiscal period. 
 Revelyst Precision Sports Technology The decrease in operating income was caused by decreased gross profit and increased selling, general and administrative costs. Operating income margin was 14.3 compared to 17.0 in the prior fiscal period. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate and Other The increase in operating loss was primarily driven by loss on divestiture of Fiber Energy, partially offset by reduced transition costs related to our acquisitions in the prior year. 
 Six months ended 
 Revelyst Outdoor Performance The decrease in operating loss was caused by decreased selling, general and administrative costs, primarily related to GEAR up initiatives, partially offset by decreased gross profit. Operating loss margin was (0.1) compared to (2.2) in the prior fiscal period. 
 Revelyst Adventure Sports The decrease in operating income was primarily caused by lower gross profit, partially offset by decreased selling, general and administrative costs, primarily related to GEAR up initiatives. Operating loss margin was 1.7 compared to 1.8 in the prior fiscal period. 
 Revelyst Precision Sports Technology The decrease in operating income was primarily caused by decreased gross profit and increased selling, general and administrative costs. Operating income margin was 13.7 compared to 15.8 in the prior fiscal period. 
 Corporate and Other The decrease in operating loss was primarily driven by the gain on divestiture of the RCBS and reduced transition costs related to our acquisitions in the prior year, partially offset by impairment and GEAR up restructuring costs. 
 Three months ended Change Six months ended Change Other (income) expense, net: 
 September 30, 2024 September 24, 2023 Dollars Percent September 30, 2024 September 24, 2023 Dollars Percent Corporate and other (255) 1,174 (1,429) (121.7) (178) 1,715 (1,893) (110.4) 
 The change in other expense from the prior fiscal period was caused by changes in foreign exchange gains and losses. 
 Three months ended Six months ended Income tax (benefit) provision: September 30, 2024 Effective Rate September 24, 2023 Effective Rate Change September 30, 2024 Effective Rate September 24, 2023 Effective Rate Change Corporate and other 34 0.7 (1,592) 26.8 1,626 506 13.4 (2,030) 17.3 2,536 
 See Note 14, Income Taxes , to the unaudited condensed combined financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report, for information regarding income taxes. 
 The decrease in the current period tax rate is primarily due to the change in the valuation allowance. 
 Our provision for income taxes includes federal, state and foreign income taxes. The effective tax rate for the three and six months ended September 30, 2024 is reflective of the federal statutory rate of 21 decreased primarily due to the impact of the beneficial change in the valuation allowance. 
 The effective tax rate for the three and six months ended September 24, 2023 differs from the federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the operating loss in the quarter, which caused the unfavorable tax adjustments to decrease the rate. 
 
 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of September 30, 2024, our Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) and have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit is accumulated and communicated to management, including the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 From time to time, we are subject to various legal proceedings, including lawsuits, which arise out of, and are incidental to, the conduct of our business. We do not consider any of such proceedings that are currently pending, individually or in the aggregate, to be material to our business or likely to result in a material adverse effect on our operating results, financial condition, or cash flows. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 While we attempt to identify, manage and mitigate risks and uncertainties associated with our business, some level of risk and uncertainty will always be present. Item 1A of Part I of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024 describes the known material risks and uncertainties associated with our business. These risks and uncertainties have the potential to materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows, projected results, and future prospects. There are no material changes from the disclosure provided in the Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended March 31, 2024 with respect to the Risk Factors, other than the addition of the Risk Factor set forth below. 
 The consummation of the Revelyst Transaction is subject to a number of conditions, many of which are largely outside of the control of the parties to the Revelyst Merger Agreement, and, if these conditions are not satisfied or waived on a timely basis, the Revelyst Merger Agreement may be terminated and the Revelyst Transaction may not be completed. If any closing conditions are waived, such waiver could have an adverse effect on Revelyst and its stockholders. 
 The respective obligations of each party to effect the Revelyst Merger are subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waiver) of certain conditions specified in the Revelyst Merger Agreement, including, among other things: (i) the approval of Vista Outdoor in its capacity as the sole stockholder of Revelyst; (ii) termination or expiry of any waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the Revelyst Transaction under the HSR Act and approval under the Austrian Cartel Act 2005, the German Act Against Restraints on Competition 2023 and the United Kingdom National Security and Investment Act 2021; (iii) the absence of legal restraints prohibiting the Revelyst Transaction; (iv) consummation of the Sporting Products Sale in accordance with the Merger Agreement, the purchase price adjustment in connection with the Sporting Products Sale having become final and binding and the related purchase price adjustments, if any, having been paid; (v) the completion of the Reorganization (as defined in the Revelyst Merger Agreement); and (vi) other customary conditions specified in the Revelyst Merger Agreement. The failure to satisfy any or all of the required conditions could delay the completion of the Revelyst Transaction by a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring. Any delay in completing the Revelyst Transaction could cause the parties to the Revelyst Merger Agreement to not realize some or all of the benefits that are expected to be achieved if the Revelyst Transaction is successfully completed within the expected timeframe. There can be no assurance that the conditions to closing of the Revelyst Transaction will be satisfied or waived or that the Revelyst Transaction will be completed within the expected timeframe or at all. 
 Each party to the Revelyst Merger Agreement may, to the extent permitted by law, waive any condition that is a condition to the obligations of such party to effect the Revelyst Merger. Conditions that are required by law (such as (i) the approval of Vista Outdoor in its capacity as the sole stockholder of Revelyst, (ii) any waiting period (or any extension thereof) applicable to the Revelyst Transaction under the HSR Act having been terminated or having expired and approval under the Austrian Cartel Act 2005, the German Act Against Restraints on Competition 2023 and the United Kingdom National Security and Investment Act 2021 and (iii) the absence of legal restraints prohibiting the Revelyst Transaction) may not be waived. If the applicable party or parties were to waive a closing condition that may be waived, such waiver could have an adverse effect on Revelyst. 
 Revelyst stockholders cannot be sure of the value of the Revelyst Merger Consideration they will receive at the effective time of the Revelyst Merger. 
 At the effective time of the Revelyst Merger (the Revelyst Merger Effective Time ), each issued and outstanding share of Revelyst Common Stock (other than any such shares of Revelyst Common Stock held by Revelyst, its subsidiaries or SVP Parent) will be converted into the right to receive the Revelyst Merger Consideration, which is an amount equal to (a) the sum of (x) 1,125,000,000, (y) the Revelyst Cash Adjustment Amount (as defined in the Revelyst Merger Agreement) and (z) the sum of the exercise prices of all Revelyst Options (as defined in the Revelyst Merger Agreement) other than out-of-the-money Revelyst Options divided by (b) the sum of (x) the number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Revelyst Merger Effective Time (other than any such shares of Revelyst Common Stock held by Revelyst, its subsidiaries or SVP Parent as of such time) and (y) the number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock underlying each Revelyst equity award entitled to receive the Revelyst Merger Consideration at the Revelyst Merger Effective Time pursuant to the Revelyst Merger Agreement outstanding as of immediately prior to the Revelyst Merger Effective Time. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Management of Vista Outdoor estimates as of November 7, 2024, if the date on which the Revelyst Merger closes (the Revelyst Merger Closing Date were to occur on December 31, 2024, the per share Revelyst Merger Consideration payable to holders of Revelyst Common Stock in accordance with the Revelyst Merger Agreement would be approximately 19.25. Management of Vista Outdoor currently expects the Revelyst Merger Closing Date to occur by January 2025. However, the respective obligations of each party to effect the Revelyst Merger are subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by law, waiver) on or prior to the Revelyst Merger Closing Date of certain conditions specified in the Revelyst Merger Agreement, including the consummation of the Sporting Products Sale, receipt of necessary regulatory approvals and other closing conditions set forth in the Revelyst Merger Agreement, and management of Vista Outdoor cannot know the actual date when the Revelyst Merger Closing Date will occur. In addition, the Revelyst Merger Consideration cannot be determined until the consummation of the Revelyst Merger as it is subject to change based on (i) the Revelyst Cash Adjustment Amount, which provides for certain closing adjustments to the Revelyst Purchase Price (as defined in the Revelyst Merger Agreement), which adjustments relate to certain cash, debt, tax and other items (including unpaid transaction expenses) of Revelyst as of the closing of the Revelyst Merger (the Revelyst Merger Closing and (ii) the number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock issued and outstanding and the number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock underlying Revelyst equity awards entitled to receive the Revelyst Merger Consideration at the Revelyst Merger Effective Time outstanding, in each case, as of immediately prior to the Revelyst Merger Effective Time. Vista Outdoor management s current estimate of the Revelyst Merger Consideration may be higher or lower than the actual Revelyst Merger Consideration due to the actual cash flows of Vista Outdoor prior to the closing of the Revelyst Merger and of Revelyst prior to the Revelyst Merger Closing, actual costs, including transaction costs, incurred by Vista Outdoor prior to the closing of the Merger and by Revelyst prior to the Revelyst Merger Closing, the actual number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock and Revelyst equity awards outstanding, in each case as of as immediately prior to the Revelyst Merger Effective Time, or other factors. Revelyst s transaction costs include, among other things, costs and expenses associated with obtaining regulatory approvals or waivers and third-party consents, the preparation of this proxy statement/prospectus and legal fees and expenses associated with the Sporting Products Sale or the Revelyst Merger. In addition, the precise number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock issued and outstanding and Revelyst equity awards outstanding, in each case as of immediately prior to the Revelyst Merger Effective Time, will not be known until immediately prior to the Revelyst Merger Effective Time. Therefore, until the Revelyst Merger Closing Date, Vista Outdoor stockholders will not know the precise amount of the Revelyst Merger Consideration they will be entitled to receive upon the consummation of the Revelyst Merger and the actual amount of the Revelyst Merger Consideration payable to holders of Revelyst Common Stock may be higher or lower than Vista Outdoor management estimates of such amount as of November 7, 2024. 
 Failure to complete the Revelyst Transaction could adversely affect Revelyst s stock price and business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 There can be no assurance that the conditions to the closing of the Revelyst Transaction will be satisfied or waived or that the Revelyst Transaction will be completed. If the Revelyst Transaction is not completed within the expected timeframe or at all, Revelyst s ongoing business could be adversely affected and Revelyst will be subject to a variety of risks and possible consequences associated with the failure to complete the Revelyst Transaction, including the following: (i) Revelyst will incur certain transaction costs, including legal, accounting, financial advisor, filing, printing and mailing fees, regardless of whether the Revelyst Transaction closes; (ii) under the Revelyst Merger Agreement, Revelyst is subject to certain restrictions on the conduct of its business during the pendency of the Revelyst Transaction, which may adversely affect Revelyst s ability to execute certain of its business strategies; (iii) Revelyst may lose key employees during the period in which Revelyst and SVP Parent are pursuing the Revelyst Transaction, which may adversely affect Revelyst in the future if Revelyst is not able to hire and retain qualified personnel to replace departing employees; (iv) the Revelyst Transaction, whether or not it closes, will divert the attention of certain members of Revelyst management and other key employees from ongoing business activities, including the pursuit of other opportunities that could be beneficial to Revelyst and (v) that another transaction acceptable to Revelyst may not be offered and Revelyst s business, prospects or results of operation may be adversely impacted as a result. If the Revelyst Transaction is not completed, these risks could materially affect Revelyst s business, results of operations or financial condition and stock price, including to the extent that the then-current market price of the Revelyst Common Stock is positively affected by a market assumption that the Revelyst Transaction will be completed. 
 While the Revelyst Transaction is pending, Revelyst is subject to business uncertainties and certain contractual restrictions that could adversely affect Revelyst s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 In connection with the Revelyst Transaction, some of Revelyst s customers, vendors, consumers or other third parties may react unfavorably, including by delaying or deferring decisions concerning their business relationships or transactions with Revelyst, which could adversely affect Revelyst s revenues, earnings, cash flows and expenses, regardless of whether the Revelyst Transaction is completed. In addition, due to certain restrictions in the Revelyst Merger Agreement on the conduct of Revelyst s business prior to the closing of the Revelyst Transaction, Revelyst may be unable to (without SVP s prior written consent, unless another exception under the Revelyst Merger Agreement applies), during the pendency of the Revelyst 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Transaction, pursue certain strategic transactions, undertake significant capital projects, undertake certain significant financing transactions and otherwise pursue other actions, even if such actions would prove beneficial. This may cause Revelyst to forgo certain opportunities Revelyst might otherwise pursue. In addition, the pendency of the Revelyst Transaction may make it more difficult for us to effectively retain and incentivize key personnel and may cause distractions from our strategy and day-to-day operations for Revelyst s current employees and management. 
 The termination fee in the Merger Agreement and Revelyst Merger Agreement and restrictions on solicitation contained in the Merger Agreement may discourage other companies from trying to acquire Vista Outdoor or its businesses. 
 The Merger Agreement prohibits Vista Outdoor from soliciting, initiating or knowingly assisting, facilitating or encouraging any competing acquisition proposals, subject to certain limited exceptions. The Merger Agreement also contains certain termination rights, including, but not limited to, Vista Outdoor s right to terminate the Merger Agreement to accept a Vista Outdoor Superior Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement), subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, and provides that if the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, including by Vista Outdoor to enter into a Vista Outdoor Acquisition Agreement (as defined in the Merger Agreement) in respect of a Vista Outdoor Superior Proposal, Vista Outdoor will be required to pay CSG a termination fee of 47,750,000 in immediately available funds. The Revelyst Merger Agreement provides that if the Revelyst Merger Agreement is terminated in certain circumstances where the Merger Agreement is also terminated and Vista Outdoor is required to pay CSG a termination fee, Vista Outdoor will be required to pay SVP Parent a termination fee of 28,125,000 in immediately available funds. The termination fees under the Merger Agreement and the Revelyst Merger Agreement and non-solicitation restrictions under the Merger Agreement could discourage other companies from trying to acquire Vista Outdoor or its businesses even though those other companies might be willing to offer greater value to Vista Outdoor s stockholders than is offered in the Sporting Products Sale and the Revelyst Transaction. 
 Litigation against parties to the Revelyst Transaction, or the members of their respective boards, could prevent or delay the completion of the Revelyst Transaction. 
 It is a condition to the Revelyst Transaction that no court of competent jurisdiction or other governmental authority shall have issued a judgment, order, injunction, ruling, writ, decree or other directive or enacted a law that is in effect that prohibits, enjoins or makes illegal the consummation of the Revelyst Transaction. It is possible that lawsuits may be filed challenging the Revelyst Transaction. The outcome of any such lawsuits cannot be assured, including the amount of fees and costs associated with defending these claims or any other liabilities that may be incurred in connection therewith. If plaintiffs are successful in obtaining an injunction prohibiting the parties from completing the Revelyst Transaction on the agreed-upon terms, such an injunction may delay the consummation of the Revelyst Transaction in the expected timeframe or may prevent the Revelyst Transaction from being consummated at all. Whether or not any plaintiff s claim is successful, this type of litigation can result in significant costs and divert our management s attention and resources from the closing of the Revelyst Transaction and ongoing business activities, which could adversely affect our operations. 
 If the Revelyst Transaction is not consummated by the applicable deadline, either we or SVP Parent may terminate the Revelyst Merger Agreement, subject to certain exceptions. 
 Either Revelyst or SVP Parent may terminate the Revelyst Merger Agreement if the Revelyst Transaction has not been consummated by the Revelyst Merger End Date (as defined in the Revelyst Merger Agreement). However, this termination right will not be available to Revelyst or SVP Parent (as applicable) if the failure to consummate the Revelyst Transaction on or prior to such date is primarily due to the breach by such party, or such party s affiliates who are party to the Revelyst Merger Agreement, or any other agreement entered into in connection with the Revelyst Transaction. In the event the Revelyst Merger Agreement is terminated by either party due to the failure of the Revelyst Transaction to close by the Revelyst Merger End Date or for any other reason provided under the Revelyst Merger Agreement, we will have incurred significant costs and will have diverted significant management focus and resources from other strategic opportunities and ongoing business activities without realizing the anticipated benefits of the Revelyst Transaction. If the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement is not approved by Vista Outdoor stockholders or any of the other conditions to the Sporting Products Sale are not satisfied or waived for any reason, the Revelyst Transaction cannot be completed, as the consummation of the Sporting Products Sale is a condition to the closing of the Revelyst Transaction. 
 If the Merger Agreement is validly terminated, either Revelyst or SVP Parent may terminate the Revelyst Merger Agreement. 
 Either Revelyst or SVP Parent may terminate the Revelyst Merger Agreement if the Merger Agreement has been validly terminated (due to the failure of the Sporting Products Sale to close by the End Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or for any other reason provided under the Merger Agreement). In the event the Revelyst Merger Agreement is terminated by either party, we will have incurred significant costs and will have diverted significant management focus and resources from 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 other strategic opportunities and ongoing business activities without realizing the anticipated benefits of the Revelyst Transaction. 
 If the Sporting Products Sale is consummated but the Revelyst Transaction is not consummated, Revelyst will be an independent, publicly traded company. 
 Following the closing of the Sporting Products Sale and prior to the closing of the Revelyst Transaction, Revelyst will be an independent, publicly traded company holding the Revelyst business. Revelyst intends to file an application to list the Revelyst Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol GEAR , with Revelyst Common Stock to commence trading on the NYSE following the closing of the Sporting Products Sale. Following the closing of the Revelyst Transaction, Revelyst will be a wholly owned subsidiary of SVP Parent, and SVP intends to delist the Revelyst Common Stock from the NYSE. However, if the Sporting Products Sale is consummated but the Revelyst Transaction is not consummated, Revelyst will continue to be an independent, publicly traded company and will be subject to a variety of risks related to being an independent, publicly traded company. 
 The consummation of the Revelyst Transaction is subject to a number of conditions, many of which are largely outside of the control of the parties to the Revelyst Merger Agreement, and, if these conditions are not satisfied or waived on a timely basis, the Revelyst Merger Agreement may be terminated and the Revelyst Transaction may not be completed. If any closing conditions are waived, such waiver could have an adverse effect on our stockholders and/or Revelyst and its stockholders. 
 The respective obligations of each party to effect the Revelyst Merger are subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by applicable law, waiver) of certain conditions specified in the Revelyst Merger Agreement, including, among other things: (i) the approval of Vista Outdoor in its capacity as the sole stockholder of Revelyst; (ii) termination or expiry of any waiting period (and any extension thereof) applicable to the Revelyst Transaction under the HSR Act and approval under the Austrian Cartel Act 2005, the German Act Against Restraints on Competition 2023 and the United Kingdom National Security and Investment Act 2021; (iii) the absence of legal restraints prohibiting the Revelyst Transaction; (iv) consummation of the Sporting Products Sale in accordance with the Merger Agreement, the purchase price adjustment in connection with the Sporting Products Sale having become final and binding and the related purchase price adjustments, if any, having been paid; (v) the completion of the Reorganization (as defined in the Revelyst Merger Agreement); and (vi) other customary conditions specified in the Revelyst Merger Agreement. The failure to satisfy any or all of the required conditions could delay the completion of the Revelyst Transaction by a significant period of time or prevent it from occurring. Any delay in completing the Revelyst Transaction could cause the parties to the Revelyst Merger Agreement to not realize some or all of the benefits that are expected to be achieved if the Revelyst Transaction is successfully completed within the expected timeframe. There can be no assurance that the conditions to closing of the Revelyst Transaction will be satisfied or waived or that the Revelyst Transaction will be completed within the expected timeframe or at all. 
 Each party to the Revelyst Merger Agreement may, to the extent permitted by law, waive any condition that is a condition to the obligations of such party to effect the Revelyst Merger. Conditions that are required by law (such as (i) the approval of Vista Outdoor in its capacity as the sole stockholder of Revelyst, (ii) any waiting period (or any extension thereof) applicable to the Sporting Products Sale under the HSR Act having been terminated or having expired and approval under the Austrian Cartel Act 2005, the German Act Against Restraints on Competition 2023 and the United Kingdom National Security and Investment Act 2021 and (iii) the absence of legal restraints prohibiting the Revelyst Transaction) may not be waived. If the applicable party or parties were to waive a closing condition that may be waived, such waiver could have an adverse effect on Vista Outdoor stockholders and/or Revelyst. 
 Revelyst stockholders cannot be sure of the value of the Revelyst Merger Consideration they will receive at the effective time of the Revelyst Merger. 
 At the effective time of the Revelyst Merger (the Revelyst Merger Effective Time ), each issued and outstanding share of Revelyst Common Stock (other than any such shares of Revelyst Common Stock held by Revelyst, its subsidiaries or SVP Parent) will be converted into the right to receive the Revelyst Merger Consideration, which is an amount equal to (a) the sum of (x) 1,125,000,000, (y) the Revelyst Cash Adjustment Amount (as defined in the Revelyst Merger Agreement) and (z) the sum of the exercise prices of all Revelyst Options (as defined in the Revelyst Merger Agreement) other than out-of-the-money Revelyst Options divided by (b) the sum of (x) the number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock issued and outstanding as of immediately prior to the Revelyst Merger Effective Time (other than any such shares of Revelyst Common Stock held by Revelyst, its subsidiaries or SVP Parent as of such time) and (y) the number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock underlying each Revelyst equity award entitled to receive the Revelyst Merger Consideration at the Revelyst Merger Effective Time pursuant to the Revelyst Merger Agreement outstanding as of immediately prior to the Revelyst Merger Effective Time. 
 Management of Vista Outdoor estimates as of November 7, 2024, if the date on which the Revelyst Merger closes (the Revelyst Merger Closing Date were to occur on December 31, 2024, the per share Revelyst Merger Consideration payable to 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 holders of Revelyst Common Stock in accordance with the Revelyst Merger Agreement would be approximately 19.25. Management of Vista Outdoor currently expects the Revelyst Merger Closing Date to occur by January 2025. However, the respective obligations of each party to effect the Revelyst Merger are subject to the satisfaction (or, to the extent permitted by law, waiver) on or prior to the Revelyst Merger Closing Date of certain conditions specified in the Revelyst Merger Agreement, including the consummation of the Sporting Products Sale, receipt of necessary regulatory approvals and other closing conditions set forth in the Revelyst Merger Agreement, and management of Vista Outdoor cannot know the actual date when the Revelyst Merger Closing Date will occur. In addition, the Revelyst Merger Consideration cannot be determined until the consummation of the Revelyst Merger as it is subject to change based on (i) the Revelyst Cash Adjustment Amount, which provides for certain closing adjustments to the Revelyst Purchase Price (as defined in the Revelyst Merger Agreement), which adjustments relate to certain cash, debt, tax and other items (including unpaid transaction expenses) of Revelyst as of the closing of the Revelyst Merger (the Revelyst Merger Closing and (ii) the number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock issued and outstanding and the number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock underlying Revelyst equity awards entitled to receive the Revelyst Merger Consideration at the Revelyst Merger Effective Time outstanding, in each case, as of immediately prior to the Revelyst Merger Effective Time. Vista Outdoor management s current estimate of the Revelyst Merger Consideration may be higher or lower than the actual Revelyst Merger Consideration due to the actual cash flows of Vista Outdoor prior to the closing of the Revelyst Merger and of Revelyst prior to the Revelyst Merger Closing, actual costs, including transaction costs, incurred by Vista Outdoor prior to the closing of the Merger and by Revelyst prior to the Revelyst Merger Closing, the actual number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock and Revelyst equity awards outstanding, in each case as of as immediately prior to the Revelyst Merger Effective Time, or other factors. Revelyst s transaction costs include, among other things, costs and expenses associated with obtaining regulatory approvals or waivers and third-party consents, the preparation of this proxy statement/prospectus and legal fees and expenses associated with the Sporting Products Sale or the Revelyst Merger. In addition, the precise number of shares of Revelyst Common Stock issued and outstanding and Revelyst equity awards outstanding, in each case as of immediately prior to the Revelyst Merger Effective Time, will not be known until immediately prior to the Revelyst Merger Effective Time. Therefore, until the Revelyst Merger Closing Date, Vista Outdoor stockholders will not know the precise amount of the Revelyst Merger Consideration they will be entitled to receive upon the consummation of the Revelyst Merger and the actual amount of the Revelyst Merger Consideration payable to holders of Revelyst Common Stock may be higher or lower than Vista Outdoor management estimates of such amount as of November 7, 2024. 
 Failure to complete the Revelyst Transaction could adversely affect Revelyst s stock price and business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 There can be no assurance that the conditions to the closing of the Revelyst Transaction will be satisfied or waived or that the Revelyst Transaction will be completed. If the Revelyst Transaction is not completed within the expected timeframe or at all, Revelyst s ongoing business could be adversely affected and Revelyst will be subject to a variety of risks and possible consequences associated with the failure to complete the Revelyst Transaction, including the following: (i) Revelyst will incur certain transaction costs, including legal, accounting, financial advisor, filing, printing and mailing fees, regardless of whether the Revelyst Transaction closes; (ii) under the Revelyst Merger Agreement, Revelyst is subject to certain restrictions on the conduct of its business during the pendency of the Revelyst Transaction, which may adversely affect Revelyst s ability to execute certain of its business strategies; (iii) Revelyst may lose key employees during the period in which Revelyst and SVP Parent are pursuing the Revelyst Transaction, which may adversely affect Revelyst in the future if Revelyst is not able to hire and retain qualified personnel to replace departing employees; (iv) the Revelyst Transaction, whether or not it closes, will divert the attention of certain members of Revelyst management and other key employees from ongoing business activities, including the pursuit of other opportunities that could be beneficial to Revelyst and (v) that another transaction acceptable to Revelyst may not be offered and Revelyst s business, prospects or results of operation may be adversely impacted as a result. If the Revelyst Transaction is not completed, these risks could materially affect Revelyst s business, results of operations or financial condition and stock price, including to the extent that the then-current market price of the Revelyst Common Stock is positively affected by a market assumption that the Revelyst Transaction will be completed. 
 While the Revelyst Transaction is pending, Revelyst is subject to business uncertainties and certain contractual restrictions that could adversely affect Revelyst s business, results of operations or financial condition. 
 In connection with the Revelyst Transaction, some of Revelyst s customers, vendors, consumers or other third parties may react unfavorably, including by delaying or deferring decisions concerning their business relationships or transactions with Revelyst, which could adversely affect Revelyst s revenues, earnings, cash flows and expenses, regardless of whether the Revelyst Transaction is completed. In addition, due to certain restrictions in the Revelyst Merger Agreement on the conduct of Revelyst s business prior to the closing of the Revelyst Transaction, Revelyst may be unable to (without SVP s prior written consent, unless another exception under the Revelyst Merger Agreement applies), during the pendency of the Revelyst Transaction, pursue certain strategic transactions, undertake significant capital projects, undertake certain significant financing transactions and otherwise pursue other actions, even if such actions would prove beneficial. This may cause Revelyst to forgo 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 certain opportunities Revelyst might otherwise pursue. In addition, the pendency of the Revelyst Transaction may make it more difficult for us to effectively retain and incentivize key personnel and may cause distractions from our strategy and day-to-day operations for Revelyst s current employees and management. 
 The termination fee in the Merger Agreement and Revelyst Merger Agreement and restrictions on solicitation contained in the Merger Agreement may discourage other companies from trying to acquire Vista Outdoor or its businesses. 
 The Merger Agreement prohibits Vista Outdoor from soliciting, initiating or knowingly assisting, facilitating or encouraging any competing acquisition proposals, subject to certain limited exceptions. The Merger Agreement also contains certain termination rights, including, but not limited to, Vista Outdoor s right to terminate the Merger Agreement to accept a Vista Outdoor Superior Proposal (as defined in the Merger Agreement), subject to and in accordance with the terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, and provides that if the Merger Agreement is terminated under certain circumstances, including by Vista Outdoor to enter into a Vista Outdoor Acquisition Agreement (as defined in the Merger Agreement) in respect of a Vista Outdoor Superior Proposal, Vista Outdoor will be required to pay CSG a termination fee of 47,750,000 in immediately available funds. The Revelyst Merger Agreement provides that if the Revelyst Merger Agreement is terminated in certain circumstances where the Merger Agreement is also terminated and Vista Outdoor is required to pay CSG a termination fee, Vista Outdoor will be required to pay SVP Parent a termination fee of 28,125,000 in immediately available funds. The termination fees under the Merger Agreement and the Revelyst Merger Agreement and non-solicitation restrictions under the Merger Agreement could discourage other companies from trying to acquire Vista Outdoor or its businesses even though those other companies might be willing to offer greater value to Vista Outdoor s stockholders than is offered in the Sporting Products Sale and the Revelyst Transaction. 
 Litigation against parties to the Revelyst Transaction, or the members of their respective boards, could prevent or delay the completion of the Revelyst Transaction. 
 Either Revelyst or SVP Parent may terminate the Revelyst Merger Agreement if the Revelyst Transaction has not been consummated by the Revelyst Merger End Date (as defined in the Revelyst Merger Agreement). However, this termination right will not be available to Revelyst or SVP Parent (as applicable) if the failure to consummate the Revelyst Transaction on or prior to such date is primarily due to the breach by such party, or such party s affiliates who are party to the Revelyst Merger Agreement, or any other agreement entered into in connection with the Revelyst Transaction. In the event the Revelyst Merger Agreement is terminated by either party due to the failure of the Revelyst Transaction to close by the Revelyst Merger End Date or for any other reason provided under the Revelyst Merger Agreement, we will have incurred significant costs and will have diverted significant management focus and resources from other strategic opportunities and ongoing business activities without realizing the anticipated benefits of the Revelyst Transaction. If the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement is not approved by Vista Outdoor stockholders or any of the other conditions to the Sporting Products Sale are not satisfied or waived for any reason, the Revelyst Transaction cannot be completed, as the consummation of the Sporting Products Sale is a condition to the closing of the Revelyst Transaction. 
 If the Revelyst Transaction is not consummated by the applicable deadline, either we or SVP Parent may terminate the Revelyst Merger Agreement, subject to certain exceptions. 
 Either Revelyst or SVP Parent may terminate the Revelyst Merger Agreement if the Revelyst Transaction has not been consummated by the Revelyst Merger End Date (as defined in the Revelyst Merger Agreement). However, this termination right will not be available to Revelyst or SVP Parent (as applicable) if the failure to consummate the Revelyst Transaction on or prior to such date is primarily due to the breach by such party, or such party s affiliates who are party to the Revelyst Merger Agreement, or any other agreement entered into in connection with the Revelyst Transaction. In the event the Revelyst Merger Agreement is terminated by either party due to the failure of the Revelyst Transaction to close by the Revelyst Merger End Date or for any other reason provided under the Revelyst Merger Agreement, we will have incurred significant costs and will have diverted significant management focus and resources from other strategic opportunities and ongoing business activities without realizing the anticipated benefits of the Revelyst Transaction. If the proposal to adopt the Merger Agreement is not approved by Vista Outdoor stockholders or any of the other conditions to the Sporting Products Sale are not satisfied or waived for any reason, the Revelyst Transaction cannot be completed, as the consummation of the Sporting Products Sale is a condition to the closing of the Revelyst Transaction. 
 If the Merger Agreement is validly terminated, either Revelyst or SVP Parent may terminate the Revelyst Merger Agreement. 
 Either Revelyst or SVP Parent may terminate the Revelyst Merger Agreement if the Merger Agreement has been validly terminated (due to the failure of the Sporting Products Sale to close by the End Date (as defined in the Merger Agreement) or for any other reason provided under the Merger Agreement). In the event the Revelyst Merger Agreement is terminated by either party, we will have incurred significant costs and will have diverted significant management focus and resources from 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 other strategic opportunities and ongoing business activities without realizing the anticipated benefits of the Revelyst Transaction. 
 If the Sporting Products Sale is consummated but the Revelyst Transaction is not consummated, Revelyst will be an independent, publicly traded company. 
 Following the closing of the Sporting Products Sale and prior to the closing of the Revelyst Transaction, Revelyst will be an independent, publicly traded company holding the Revelyst business. Revelyst intends to file an application to list the Revelyst Common Stock on the New York Stock Exchange under the ticker symbol GEAR , with Revelyst Common Stock to commence trading on the NYSE following the closing of the Sporting Products Sale. Following the closing of the Revelyst Transaction, Revelyst will be a wholly owned subsidiary of SVP Parent, and SVP intends to delist the Revelyst Common Stock from the NYSE. However, if the Sporting Products Sale is consummated but the Revelyst Transaction is not consummated, Revelyst will continue to be an independent, publicly traded company and will be subject to a variety of risks related to being an independent, publicly traded company. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Regulation S-K, Item 408(a) disclosure: During our last fiscal quarter, no director or officer of the Company has or any contract, instruction, or written plan for the purchase or sale of securities of the Company intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c), or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 
 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 The following exhibits with an exhibit number followed by an asterisk ) are filed electronically with this report. All other exhibits listed below are incorporated by reference from the document listed. 
 Exhibit Number 
 Description of Exhibit (and document from which incorporated by reference, if applicable) 
 2.1 + Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 15, 2023, among Vista Outdoor Inc., Revelyst, Inc., CSG Elevate II Inc., CSG Elevate III Inc. and, solely for the purposes of specific provisions therein, CZECHOSLOVAK GROUP a.s. (included as Exhibit 2. 1 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4 , filed with the Secu r ities and Exchange Commis s ion on October 16 , 2024 (File No. 333-276525) ). 
 2.2 + Amendment No. 1 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 27, 2024, by and among Vista Outdoor Inc., Revelyst, Inc. CSG Elevate II Inc., CSG Elevate III Inc. and CZECHOSLOVAK GROUP a.s. (included as Exhibit 2. 7 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2024 (File No. 333-276525) ). 
 2.3 + Amendment No. 2 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of June 23, 2024, by and among Vista Outdoor Inc., Revelyst, Inc., CSG Elevate II Inc., CSG Elevate III Inc. and CZECHOSLOVAK GROUP a.s. (included as Exhibit 2. 8 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2024 (File No. 333-276525) ). 
 2.4 
 + Amendment No. 3 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 7, 2024, by and among Vista Outdoor Inc., Revelyst, Inc., CSG Elevate II Inc., CSG Elevate III Inc. and CZECHOSLOVAK GROUP a.s. (included as Exhibit 2. 9 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2024 (File No. 333-276525) ). 
 2.5 
 + Amendment No. 4 to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 21, 2024, by and among Vista Outdoor Inc., Revelyst, Inc., CSG Elevate II Inc., CSG Elevate III Inc. and CZECHOSLOVAK GROUP a.s. (included as Exhibit 2. 10 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2024 (File No. 333-276525) ). 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 2.6 
 + A mendment No. 5 to Agree ment and Plan of Merger, dated September 12, 2024, among Vista Outdoor Inc., Revelyst, Inc. CSG Elevate II Inc., CSG Elevate III Inc. and CZE CHOSLOVAK GROUP a.s. (included as Exhibit 2. 11 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2024 (File No. 333-276525) ). 
 2.7 + Amendment No. 6 to Agreement and Plan of Merger , dated Oc tober 4, 2024, among Vista Outdoor Inc., Revelyst, Inc., CSG Elevate II Inc., CSG Elevate III Inc. and CZECHOSLOVAK GROUP a.s. (included as Exhibit 2. 12 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2024 (File No. 333-276525) ). 
 2.8 + A mended and Restated Separation Agreement, dated as of October 4, 2024, by and between Vista Outdoor Inc. and R e velyst, Inc. included as Exhibit 2 .2 to Revelyst, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 7, 2024). 
 2.9 + A greement and Plan of Merger, dated as of October 4, 2024, by and among Vista Outdoor Inc., Revelyst, Inc., Olibre LLC and Cabin Ridge Inc. included as Exhibit 2.1 to Revelyst , Inc. s Current Report on Form 8- K, filed with the S EC on October 7, 2024 ). 
 2.10 + Employee Matters Agreement, dated as of October 15, 2023, by and between Vista Outdoor Inc. and Revelyst, Inc. (included as Exhibit 2. 3 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2024 (File No. 333-276525) ). 
 2.11 + Stock Purchase Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2021, by and among Vista Outdoor Inc., the Seller Guarantors named therein, the Sellers named therein, WAWGD, Inc. (d/b/a Foresight Sports, Inc.), WAWGD NEWCO, Inc. and Fortis Advisors LLC, as Seller Representative (included as Exhibit 2. 4 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2024 (File No. 333-276525) ). 
 2.12 + Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of June 30, 2022, by and among Fox Parent Holdings, LLC, Fox (Parent) Holdings, Inc., Vista Outdoor Operations LLC and Vista Outdoor Inc. (solely in its capacity as a guarantor) (included as Exhibit 2. 5 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2024 (File No. 333-276525) ). 
 2.13 + Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 22, 2022, by and among Vista Outdoor Operations LLC, Trophy Merger Sub, LLC, Simms Fishing Products LLC, Shareholder Representative Services LLC, as the Equityholder Representative and Vista Outdoor Inc. (solely in its capacity as a guarantor) (included as Exhibit 2. 6 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2024 (File No. 333-276525) ). 
 3.1 Form of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Revelyst, Inc. (included as Exhibit 3.1 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2024 (File No. 333-276525) ). 
 3.2 Form of Amended and Restated Bylaws of Revelyst, Inc. (included as Exhibit 3.2 to the Post-Effective Amendment No. 2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4, filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on October 16, 2024 (File No. 333-276525) ). 
 4.1 Common Stock Certificate of Revelyst, Inc. issued to Vista Outdoor Inc. (included as Exhibit 4.1 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on June 28, 2024) 
 4.2 Description of Common Stock (included as Exhibit 4.2 to the Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC June 28, 2024) 
 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 32 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 
 The following financial statements from the Revelyst Business s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) Unaudited Condensed Combined Balance Sheets, (ii) Unaudited Condensed Combined Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) Unaudited Condensed Combined Statements of Cash Flows, (iv) Unaudited Condensed Combined Statements of Parent Company Equity, and (v) Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Combined Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 
 104 
 The cover page from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL) (included as Exhibit 101). 
 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith 
 + Certain schedules and exhibits have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. Revelyst agrees to furnish supplementally a copy of any omitted schedule or exhibit to the SEC upon request; provided, however, that Revelyst may request confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 of the Exchange Act for any document so furnished. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 REVELYST, INC. 
 Date: November 13, 2024 By: /s/ Andrew Keegan Andrew Keegan Chief Financial Officer 
 
 44 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 revelystfy25q209302024ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 
 I, Eric Nyman, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Revelyst, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 13, 2024 By s Eric Nyman Name Eric Nyman Title Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 revelystfy25q209302024ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 
 I, Andrew Keegan, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Revelyst, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 c) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 13, 2024 By s Andrew Keegan Name Andrew Keegan Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32>
 4
 revelystfy25q209302024ex32.htm
 EX-32

Document 

Exhibit 32 
 
 Certification by Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 We, Eric Nyman, Chief Executive Officer, and Andrew Keegan, Chief Financial Officer, of Revelyst, Inc. (the Company ), certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to our knowledge 
 
 (1) the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Report. 

Date November 13, 2024 By s Eric Nyman Name Eric Nyman Title Chief Executive Officer By s Andrew Keegan Name Andrew Keegan Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 gear-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 gear-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 gear-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 gear-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 gear-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

