<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_2010930_0001213900-24-096806.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3524981</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>73471</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>869970</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>575692</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>942488</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1007696</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-096806.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112161523
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-096806
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Centurion Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002010930
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				981772942
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42127
		FILM NUMBER:		241448371

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		667 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10065
		BUSINESS PHONE:		212-209-6126

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		667 MADISON AVENUE
		STREET 2:		5TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10065

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-096806.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 ea0219193-10q_centurion.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(MARK ONE) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT
TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO
SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its
Charter) 

N/A (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of principal executive offices) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Not Applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 12, 2024, there were 
Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

CENTURION ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30,
2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part I. Financial Information 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

Condensed Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 1 
 
 Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and for the Period from January 18, 2024 (Inception) through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 2 
 
 Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and for the Period from January 18, 2024 (Inception) through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 3 
 
 Condensed Statement of Cash Flows for the Period from January 18, 2024 (Inception) through September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) 
 4 
 
 Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 
 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 16 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures Regarding Market Risk 
 18 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 18 
 
 Part II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 19 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 19 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 19 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 19 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 19 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 20 
 
 Part III. Signatures 
 21 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Interim Financial Statements. 

CENTURION ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEET 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

Assets 

Current assets 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Long-term prepaid insurance 

Cash and marketable securities held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit: 

Current Liabilities 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Advances from related parties 

Due to Sponsor 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at redemption value of per share 

Shareholders Deficit 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding (excluding 28,750,000 shares subject to possible redemption) 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Shareholders Deficit 

Total Liabilities and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

CENTURION ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 
 For the Period from January 18, 2024 (Inception) through September 30, 

2024 
 2024 
 
 Operating and formation costs 

Loss from operations 

Other income 

Interest earned on cash and marketable securities held in
 Trust Account 

Other income 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B non-redeemable ordinary shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

CENTURION ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024
AND 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 18, 2024 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Class A Ordinary Shares 
 Class B Ordinary Shares 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance January 18, 2024 

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2024 

Sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Fair Value of Public Warrants at issuance 

Allocated value of transaction costs to Class A shares 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance June 30, 2024 

Accretion for Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption amount 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2024 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

CENTURION ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM JANUARY 18, 2024 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Payment of formation costs through promissory note 

Payment of operating costs through promissory note 

Interest earned on marketable securities held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Advances from related parties 

Due to Sponsor 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash in Trust Account 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placements Warrants 

Repayment of promissory note - related party 

Payment of offering costs 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash 

Cash Beginning of period 

Cash End of period 

Non-Cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares 

Deferred offering costs paid through promissory note - related party 

Prepaid expenses paid by Sponsor 

Offering costs charged to shareholders deficit 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

CENTURION ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

. The Company was incorporated for
the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination
with or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any industry
or geographic location. 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had not
commenced any operations. All activity for the period from January 18, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024 relates to the
Company s formation, the initial public offering Initial Public Offering or IPO ), which is described
below, and subsequent to the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. The Company will not generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating
income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering (as defined
below). The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 

The registration statement for the Company s
Initial Public Offering was declared effective on June 10, 2024. On June 12, 2024, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering
of units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares, par value per share, included
in the Units being offered the Public Shares or the Class A Ordinary Shares ), which includes the full exercise
by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of Units at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of
 , which is described in Note 3. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one-half of redeemable warrant of
the Company (the Public Warrants ), with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary
Share at per share. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of 
private placement warrants (the Private Placement Warrants and together with the Public Warrants, the Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant to Centurion Sponsor LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership, the Company s
sponsor (the Sponsor ), Cantor Fitzgerald Co., and Odeon Capital Group, LLC, see Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted to consisting
of of cash underwriting fee, of deferred underwriting fee, and of other offering costs. 

The Company s Business Combination must
be with one or more target businesses that together have a fair market value equal to at least of the net balance in the Trust Account
(as defined below) (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account)
at the time of the signing an agreement to enter into a Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination
if the post-Business Combination company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be
able to successfully effect a Business Combination. 

Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering
on June 12, 2024, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering
and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in the trust account (the Trust Account and will be held as
cash or invested in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting
certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations.
Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if
any, the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will not be released from the Trust
Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination or an earlier redemption in
connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company determines it is desirable
to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Company s public shares if the
Company is unable to complete the initial Business Combination within from the closing of the Initial Public Offering
or by such earlier liquidation date as the Company s board of directors may approve (the Completion Window ), subject
to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the Company s public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder
vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing
of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Company s
public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect
to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited
in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the
claims of the Company s public shareholders. To mitigate the risk that might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes
of the Investment Company Act, which risk increases the longer that the Company holds investments in the Trust Account, the Company may,
at any time in its own discretion, instruct the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the
funds in the Trust Account in an interest bearing bank demand deposit account. 

5 

CENTURION ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

per public share. 

The ordinary shares subject to redemption were
recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with
Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity. In such case, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares
voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. 

The Company will have only the duration of the
Completion Window to complete the initial Business Combination. However, if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination
within the Completion Window, the Company will, as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days
thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust
Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account, including interest (which interest shall be net of taxes payable,
if any, and up to of interest to pay liquidation expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares,
which redemption will constitute full and complete payment for the public shares and completely extinguish public shareholders 
rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation or other distributions, if any), subject to the Company s
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and subject to the other requirements of applicable law. 

The Sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to
their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or an earlier redemption
in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company determines it is
desirable to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their
founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption
in connection with the initial business combination or to redeem of the public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders 
rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account
with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window,
although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the
Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets
outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial
Public Offering (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

6 

CENTURION ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

per
public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust
Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, if any, provided that
such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights
to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s
indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such
indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity
obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot
assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

On August 1, 2024, the Public Shares and Public
Warrants underlying the Units began separate trading on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbols ALF and ALFUW, 
respectively. The Units continue to trade on The Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol ALFU. 

Liquidity and Going Concern 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 
in its operating bank account and working capital of . 

The Company initially has until June 12, 2026,
to consummate the initial Business Combination (assuming no extensions). If the Company does not complete a Business Combination, the
Company will trigger an automatic winding up, dissolution and liquidation pursuant to the terms of the Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with ASU
2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management believes
that the funds which the Company has available following the completion of the Initial Public Offering will enable it to sustain operations
for a period of at least one-year from the issuance date of these financial statements. 

7 

CENTURION ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

in cash and no cash
equivalents as of September 30, 2024. 

8 

CENTURION ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A ordinary shares issuance costs 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, June 12, 2024 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, June 30, 2024 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption, September 30, 2024 

per share (the Class B Ordinary Shares, and together with the Class A Ordinary
Shares, the Ordinary Shares ). Income and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income per Ordinary
Share is calculated by dividing the net income by the weighted average shares of Ordinary Shares outstanding for the respective period. 

shares of Class A Ordinary Shares in the calculation of diluted income per ordinary share, because
their exercise is contingent upon future events. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares is excluded from earnings
per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

9 

CENTURION ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant
adverse impact on the Company's financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

10 

CENTURION ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriter of their over-allotment option in the amount
of Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A Ordinary Share and one-half of one redeemable
Public Warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A Ordinary Share at a price of per share, subject
to adjustment (Note 7). Each Public Warrant will become exercisable 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination
and will expire five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

Warrants Each whole
warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A Ordinary Share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed
herein. The warrants cannot be exercised until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and will expire
at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, five years after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon
redemption or liquidation. 

The Company will not be obligated to deliver
any Class A Ordinary Shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless
a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the warrants is then effective
and a prospectus relating thereto is current. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A
Ordinary Share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A Ordinary Share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered,
qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the
event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such
warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will the Company
be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the
purchaser of a Unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A Ordinary Share
underlying such Unit. 

Under the terms of the warrant agreement, the
Company has agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days, after the closing of its Business
Combination, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement
for the Initial Public Offering or a new registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class
A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same
to become effective within 60 business days following the Company s initial Business Combination and to maintain a current
prospectus relating to the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance
with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise
of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60 th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination,
warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have
failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A Ordinary Shares are at the time of any exercise of
a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their
warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event
the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the
Company does not so elect, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable
blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

If the holders exercise their Public Warrants
on a cashless basis, they would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A Ordinary Shares
equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the warrants, multiplied
by the excess of the fair market value of the Class A Ordinary Shares over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the
fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported closing price of the Class A Ordinary Shares for the 10 trading days
ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which
the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. 

Redemption of Warrants When the Price per
Class A Ordinary Share Equals or Exceeds : The Company may redeem the outstanding warrants: 

in
whole and not in part; 

at
a price of per warrant; 

upon
a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the -day redemption period and 

11 

CENTURION ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

per
share for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after completion of the
initial business combination and ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends to the notice
of redemption to the warrant holders. 

Additionally, if the number of outstanding Class
A Ordinary Shares is increased by a share capitalization payable in Class A Ordinary Shares, or by a subdivision of ordinary shares or
other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization, subdivision or similar event, the number of Class A Ordinary
Shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding ordinary shares. A rights
offering made to holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A Ordinary Shares at a price less than the historical
fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share capitalization of a number of Class A Ordinary Shares equal to the
product of (i) the number of Class A Ordinary Shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities
sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A Ordinary Shares) multiplied by (ii) one minus the
quotient of (x) the price per Class A Ordinary Share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value.
For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A Ordinary Shares, in
determining the price payable for Class A Ordinary Shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights,
as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the
volume weighted average price of Class A Ordinary Shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day
prior to the first date on which the Class A Ordinary Shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way,
without the right to receive such rights. 

warrants,
each exercisable to purchase Class A Ordinary Share at per share, at a price of per warrant, or . Of those
 Private Placement Warrants, the Sponsor purchased Private Placement Warrants, Cantor Fitzgerald Co. purchased
 Private Placement Warrants and Odeon Capital Group, LLC purchased Private Placement Warrants. Each whole warrant entitles
the registered holder to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment. 

The Private Placement Warrants are identical
to the Public Warrants sold in the Initial Public Offering except that, so long as they are held by the Sponsor, Cantor Fitzgerald 
Co. and Odeon Capital Group, LLC or their permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants (i) may not (including the Class
A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of these Private Placement Warrants), subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred,
assigned or sold by the holders until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) will be entitled
to registration rights and (iii) with respect to Private Placement Warrants held by Cantor Fitzgerald Co., Odeon Capital
Group, LLC and/or their respective designees, will not be exercisable more than five years from the commencement of sales in this
offering in accordance with Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8). 

The Sponsor, officers and directors have entered
into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to
their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination or an earlier redemption
in connection with the commencement of the procedures to consummate the initial Business Combination if the Company determines it is desirable
to facilitate the completion of the initial Business Combination; (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder
shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection
with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination
within the Completion Window or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial
Business Combination activity; (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their
founder shares if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Completion Window, although they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial
Business Combination within the Completion Window and to liquidating distributions from assets outside the Trust Account; and (iv) vote
any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the Initial Public Offering (including in open market
and privately negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination. 

12 

CENTURION ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

, or approximately per share, to cover certain of the Company s expenses, for which the Company
issued founders shares to the Sponsor. On April 29, 2024, the Company affected a share capitalization of founder
shares, resulting in the Sponsor holding founder shares. All shares and diluted per share data have been retroactively restated. 

The Company s initial shareholders have
agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares and any Class A Ordinary Shares issued upon conversion thereof until
the earlier to occur of (i) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the date on which the
Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results
in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property.
Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the Company s initial shareholders with
respect to any founder shares (the Lock-up ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing price of the Class
A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, share consolidations,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at
least days after the initial Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummates a transaction after the initial Business
Combination which results in the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other
property, the founder shares will be released from the Lock-up. 

On May 20, 2024, Centurion Sponsor LP transferred
 Founder Shares to each of its independent directors Founder Shares per director) of the Company, at a price of 
per share. Each buyer paid for an aggregate purchase price of in consideration of the assignment of shares. If the director
ceases to be a director of the Company for any reason before the consummation of the Business Combination, at the Sponsor s election,
it will either repurchase the shares at the purchase price or forfeited the share back to the Company for no consideration. The Founder
Shares will automatically convert into shares of Class A Ordinary Shares at the time of the Business Combination on a one-for-one basis,
subject to adjustment as described in the Company s certificate of incorporation. The directors have agreed to the same terms as
the initial shareholders whereby subject to certain limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of its Founder Shares until
the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the completion of a Business Combination; and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x)
if the last reported sale price of the Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing
at least days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, share
exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange
their Class A Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property. 

The sale of the Founder Shares to the Company s
directors and director s nominees by the Sponsor is in the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon
the grant date. The fair value of the shares granted to the Company s directors and director nominees was or 
per share. 

The Founder Shares were granted subject to a performance
condition (i.e., the occurrence of a Business Combination). Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized only when
the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable accounting literature in this circumstance. As of September 30,
2024, the Company determined that a Business Combination is not considered probable, and, therefore, no stock-based compensation expense
has been recognized. Stock-based compensation would be recognized at the date a Business Combination is considered probable (i.e., upon
consummation of a Business Combination) in an amount equal to the number of Founders Shares times the grant date fair value per share
(unless subsequently modified) less the amount initially received for the purchase of the Founder Shares. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

Commencing on June 10, 2024, the Company entered
into an agreement pursuant to which it will pay an aggregate of per month for office space, utilities, and administrative support
services provided to members of the management team. Upon completion of a Business Combination or its liquidation, the Company will cease
paying these monthly fees. As of September 30, 2024, the Company accrued for these services. For the three months ended September
30, 2024 and for the period from January 18, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024, the Company incurred and in
fees for these services, respectively, of which such amount is included in the accompanying condensed statements of operations. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

The Sponsor had agreed to loan the Company an
aggregate of up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Initial Public Offering. The loan is non-interest bearing,
unsecured and due at the earlier of December 31, 2024 or the closing of the Initial Public Offering. At September 30, 2024, there
are no amounts outstanding and no further borrowings are permitted under the promissory note. 

Advances from Related Parties 

From time to time the Sponsor or officers and
management of the Company may pay certain expenses on behalf of the Company. As of September 30, 2024, related parties paid an aggregate
of to pay expenses on behalf of the Company. The advances were non-interest bearing and payable upon demand. 

13 

CENTURION ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

related to the Administrative Services Agreement. The amount is due is non-interest bearing and due upon demand. 

Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes
a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the
Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from
the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible
into Private Placement Warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender.
The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. At September 30, 2024, no such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

units to cover over-allotment. On June 12, 2024, simultaneously
with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the underwriter elected to fully exercise the over-allotment option to purchase the
additional Units at a price of per Unit. 

The underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting
discount of of the gross proceeds of the Units offered in the Initial Public Offering, excluding any proceeds from Units
sold pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option), and was paid at the close of the Initial Public Offering. Additionally,
the underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering held
in the Trust Account other than those sold pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option and of the gross proceeds sold pursuant
to the underwriters over-allotment option, in the aggregate upon the completion of the Company s initial Business
Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

preference shares at par value of each. At September 30, 2024, there were
 no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of Class A Ordinary Shares at par value of each. At September 30, 2024, there
were no Class A Ordinary Shares issued or outstanding, excluding Class A shares subject to possible redemption. 

Class B Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue a total of Class B ordinary shares at par value of each. On January 23, 2024,
the Company issued Class B ordinary shares to the Sponsor for , or approximately per share. On April 29,
2024, the Company affected a share capitalization of Founder Shares, resulting in the Sponsor holding Founder Shares.
All shares and per share data have been retroactively restated. Prior to the underwriters exercise of the over-allotment option,
the Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture. Upon the Initial Public Offering, the underwriters
fully exercised the over-allotment option resulting in the Founder Shares no longer being subject to forfeiture. 

14 

CENTURION ACQUISITION CORP. 
NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
(Unaudited) 

of the total number of Class
A Ordinary Shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A Ordinary Shares by public shareholders),
including the total number of Class A Ordinary Shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked
securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business
Combination, excluding any Class A Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A Ordinary Shares
issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, officers
or directors upon conversion of the Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less
than one-for-one basis. 

Holders of record of the Company s Class
A Ordinary Shares and Class B ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. 

Term (years) Risk-free rate Volatility 

The Founder Shares issued to the directors and
director nominees were valued using a Monte Carlo model. 

Risk free rate 

Spot price 

Discount of lack of marketability (DLOM) 

At September 30, 2024, assets held in the Trust
Account were comprised of in cash and in U.S. Treasury securities. During the three months ended September 30, 2024
and for the period from January 18, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024, the Company did not withdraw any interest income from
the Trust Account. 

15 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and
Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

References in this report (the Quarterly
Report to we, us or the Company refer to Centurion Acquisition Corp. References to
our management or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor 
refer to Centurion Sponsor LP. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report. Certain
information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Exchange Act that are not historical
facts and involve risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All
statements, other than statements of historical fact included in this Form 10-Q including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the completion of a Business Combination (as
defined below), the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations,
are forward-looking statements. Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, 
 estimate, seek and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking
statements. Such forward-looking statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs,
based on information currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially
from the events, performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements, including that the conditions of a Business Combination
are not satisfied. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated
in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s final prospectus for its Initial Public
Offering filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The Company s securities filings can be
accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the
Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in
the Cayman Islands on January 18, 2024 formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar Business Combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). We intend to effectuate
our Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants,
our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from January 18, 2024 (inception) through September 30, 2024 were organizational
activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering, described below, and identifying a target company for a Business
Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate
non-operating income in the form of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result
of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had a net income of 4,049,229, which consists of interest income on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 4,223,192
and unrealized gain on marketable securities held in our Trust Account of 11,342, partially offset by formation and operating costs
of 185,305. 

For the period from January 18, 2024 (inception)
through September 30, 2024, we had a net income of 4,613,927, which consists of interest income on marketable securities held in the
Trust Account of 4,927,031, partially offset by formation and operating costs of 313,104. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On June 12, 2024, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 28,750,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount
of 3,750,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 287,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public
Offering, we consummated the sale of 7,000,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor,
Cantor Fitzgerald Co., and Odeon Capital Group, LLC. 

On June 12, 2024, in connection with the underwriters 
exercise of their over-allotment option in full, we consummated the sale of an additional 3,750,00 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit,
generating total gross proceeds of 287,500,000. In addition, we also consummated the sale of an additional 7,000,000 Private Units at
 1.00 per Private Placement Warrants. 

Following the Initial Public Offering, the full
exercise of the over-allotment option, and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of 287,500,000 was placed in the Trust
Account. We incurred 19,500,452 in Initial Public Offering related costs, including 5,000,000 of cash underwriting fees, 136687,500
of deferred underwriting fee, and 831,654 of other costs. 

16 

For the period from January 18, 2024 (inception)
through September 30, 2024, cash used in operating activities was 48,758. Net income of 4,613,927 was affected by payment of formation
costs through promissory note of 8,667, payment of operation costs through promissory note of 327,200 and interest earned on marketable
securities held in the Trust Account of 4,926,838. Changes in operating assets and liabilities used 71,714 of cash for operating activities. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had marketable securities
held in the Trust Account of 292,426,838 (including 4,927,031 of interest income) consisting of U.S. government treasury obligations
with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company
Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes,
if any. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned
on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable, if any), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital
or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust
Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue
our growth strategies. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 781,921.
We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due
diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses
or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, and structure,
negotiate and complete a Business Combination. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors or their
affiliates may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such
loaned amounts. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the
Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000
of such working capital loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of
 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. 

We do not believe we will need to raise additional
funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target
business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so,
we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional
financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our Public Shares
upon consummation of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such
Business Combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create
relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have
been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing
arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial
assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay an aggregate of 10,000 per month for
office space, utilities, and administrative support services provided to members of the management team. We began incurring these fees
on June 10, 2024 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination and our
liquidation. 

The underwriters are entitled to a deferred underwriting
discount of 4.50 of the gross proceeds of the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account other than those sold pursuant to the
underwriters over-allotment option and 6.50 of the gross proceeds sold pursuant to the underwriters over-allotment option, 13,687,500
in the aggregate upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

17 

Critical Accounting Policies 

The preparation of condensed financial statements
and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities
at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ
from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible
Redemption 

The Public Shares contain a redemption feature
that allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection (i) with our liquidation, (ii) if there is a shareholder vote or tender
offer in connection with the initial Business Combination and (iii) with certain amendments to the Amended and Restated Charter. In accordance
with FASB ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ), conditionally redeemable Class
A Ordinary Shares (including Class A Ordinary Shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder
or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. Ordinary
liquidation events, which involve the redemption and liquidation of all of the entity s equity instruments, are excluded from the
provisions of ASC 480. Although we did not specify a maximum redemption threshold, our Amended and Restated Charter provides that currently,
we will only redeem our Public Shares. However, the threshold in the Amended and Restated Charter would not change the nature of the
underlying shares as redeemable and thus Public Shares are required to be disclosed outside of permanent equity. We recognize change
in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable Ordinary Shares to equal the redemption value
at the end of each reporting period. Such changes are reflected in additional paid-in capital, or in the absence of additional paid-in
capital, in accumulated deficit. 

Net Income Per Ordinary Share 

We have two classes of shares, the (i) redeemable
Class A Ordinary Shares and the non-redeemable Class A Ordinary Shares and (ii) Class B Ordinary Shares. Income and losses are shared
pro rata between the two classes of shares. Net income per share is computed by dividing net income by the weighted average number of
Ordinary Shares outstanding for the period. The calculation of diluted income per share does not consider the effect of the Warrants
issued in connection with the Initial Public Offering since the exercise of the Warrants are contingent upon the occurrence of future
events. 

Recent Accounting Standards 

Management does not believe that any recently
issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our condensed financial statements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures
About Market Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not required to provide the information otherwise required
under this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such
term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and
principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and
procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required
to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods
specified in the SEC s rules and forms. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes to our internal control
over financial reporting during the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

18 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

Factors that could cause our actual results
to differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report include the risk factors described in our final prospectus for our Initial
Public Offering filed with the SEC. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors
disclosed in our final prospectus for its Initial Public Offering filed with the SEC. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities
and Use of Proceeds. 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

None 

Item 5. Other Information 

19 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of,
or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase
 Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase
 Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline
 XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
herewith. 

These
certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes
of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under
the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. 

(1) Previously
filed as an exhibit to our Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 12, 2024 and incorporated by reference herein. 

20 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

CENTURION
 ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date:
 November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Mark Gerhard 

Name: 
 Mark
 Gerhard 

Title: 
 Chief
 Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Date: November 12, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Riaan Hodgson 

Name: 
 Riaan Hodgson 

Title: 
 Chief
 Operating Officer and Director 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

21 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea021919301ex31-1_centurion.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Mark Gerhard, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Centurion Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

/s/ Mark Gerhard 

Mark Gerhard 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea021919301ex31-2_centurion.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF OPERATING OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Riaan Hodgson, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Centurion Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the
period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) (Paragraph
omitted pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-15(a); 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 12, 2024 

/s/ Riaan Hodgson 

Riaan Hodgson 

Chief Operating Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea021919301ex32-1_centurion.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Centurion
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Mark Gerhard, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 12, 2024 

/s/ Mark Gerhard 

Mark Gerhard 

Chief Executive Officer and Director 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea021919301ex32-2_centurion.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Centurion
Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Riaan Hodgson, Chief Operating Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant
to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Dated: November 12, 2024 

/s/ Riaan Hodgson 

Riaan Hodgson 

Chief Operating Officer and Director 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 alfuu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 alfuu-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 alfuu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 alfuu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 alfuu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

