<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_706863_0000706863-24-000073.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11431488</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>137654</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1336715</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5204968</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2159616</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2291943</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000706863-24-000073.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114163102
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000706863-24-000073
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		73
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UNION BANKSHARES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000706863
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				030283552
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VT
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-15985
		FILM NUMBER:		241463175

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 667
		STREET 2:		20 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MORRISVILLE
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05661-0667
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8028886600

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 667
		STREET 2:		20 MAIN STREET
		CITY:			MORRISVILLE
		STATE:			VT
		ZIP:			05661-0667

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000706863-24-000073.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 unb-20240930.htm
 BODY OF FORM 10-Q

unb-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended: 
 
 Commission file number: 

, 
 
 Registrant s telephone number: - 
 
 Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report: Not applicable 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to section 12(b) of the Act: 
 (Title of class) (Trading Symbol) (Exchanges registered on) 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 
 Yes No 
 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock as of October 25, 2024. 
 Common Stock, 2 par value shares 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements of Union Bankshares, Inc. and Subsidiary 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 5 
 Notes to Unaudited Interim Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 27 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 45 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 45 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 46 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 46 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 46 
 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 46 
 Signatures 
 47 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 UNIO N B ANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Assets (Dollars in thousands) Cash and due from banks Federal funds sold and overnight deposits Cash and cash equivalents Interest bearing deposits in banks Investment securities available-for-sale Other investments Total investments Loans held for sale Loans Allowance for credit losses on loans ) ) Net deferred loan costs Net loans Premises and equipment, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Liabilities Deposits Noninterest bearing Interest bearing Time Total deposits Borrowed funds Subordinated notes Accrued interest and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies par value; shares authorized; shares 
 issued at September 30, 2024 and shares issued at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock at cost; shares at September 30, 2024 
 and shares at December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

See accompanying notes to unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 1 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Interest and dividend income (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Interest and fees on loans Interest on debt securities: Taxable Tax exempt Dividends Interest on federal funds sold and overnight deposits Interest on interest bearing deposits in banks Total interest and dividend income Interest expense Interest on deposits Interest on borrowed funds Interest on subordinated notes Total interest expense Net interest income Credit loss expense (benefit), net ) ) Net interest income after credit loss expense (benefit) Noninterest income Wealth management income Service fees Net losses on sales of investment securities available-for-sale ) ) Net gains on sales of loans held for sale Net gains (losses) on other investments ) Other income Total noninterest income Noninterest expenses Salaries and wages Employee benefits Occupancy expense, net Equipment expense Other expenses Total noninterest expenses Income before (benefit) provision for income taxes (Benefit) provision for income taxes ) Net income Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per common share Weighted average number of common shares outstanding Weighted average common and potential common shares for diluted EPS Dividends per common share 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 2 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Net income Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Investment securities available-for-sale: Net unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period on investment securities available-for-sale ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net losses on sales of investment securities available-for-sale realized in net income Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 3 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (Unaudited) 
 Three Month Periods Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Common Stock Accumulated other comprehensive loss Shares, net of treasury Amount Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock Total stockholders equity (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Balances June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividend reinvestment plan Cash dividends declared 
 per share) 
 ) ) Stock based compensation expense Balances, September 30, 2024 ) ) Balances June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividend reinvestment plan Cash dividends declared 
 per share) 
 ) ) Stock based compensation expense Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 Nine Month Periods Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 Common Stock Accumulated other comprehensive loss Shares, net of treasury Amount Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Treasury stock Total stockholders equity (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) Balances, December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividend reinvestment plan Cash dividends declared 
 per share) 
 ) ) Stock based compensation expense Balances, September 30, 2024 ) ) Balances, December 31, 2022 ) ) Impact of adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividend reinvestment plan Cash dividends declared 
 per share) 
 ) ) Stock based compensation expense Purchase of treasury stock ) ) ) Balances, September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 4 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows From Operating Activities (Dollars in thousands) Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Credit loss expense (benefit) ) Deferred income tax provision Net amortization of premiums on investment securities Equity in losses of limited partnerships Stock based compensation expense Net increase in unamortized loan costs ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Origination of loans held for sale ) ) Net gains on sales of loans held for sale ) ) Net gains on disposals of premises and equipment ) ) Net losses on sales of investment securities available-for-sale Net gains on other investments ) ) Decrease (increase) in accrued interest receivable ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Increase in other assets ) ) Increase in other liabilities Net cash provided by operating activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities Interest bearing deposits in banks Proceeds from maturities and redemptions Purchases ) ) Investment securities available-for-sale Proceeds from sales Proceeds from maturities, calls and paydowns Purchases ) ) Net purchases of other investments ) ) Net increase in nonmarketable stock ) ) Net decrease in loans ) ) Recoveries of loans charged off Net purchases of premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from Company-owned life insurance death benefit Investments in limited partnerships ) ) Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 5 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows From Financing Activities (Dollars in thousands) Advances on long-term borrowings Repayment of long-term borrowings ) Net decrease in short-term borrowings outstanding ) Net decrease in noninterest bearing deposits ) ) Net decrease in interest bearing deposits ) ) Net increase in time deposits Purchase of treasury stock ) Dividends paid ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents Beginning of period End of period Supplemental Disclosures of Cash Flow Information Interest paid Income taxes paid Supplemental Schedule of Noncash Investing Activities Investment in limited partnerships acquired by capital contributions payable Right-of-use operating lease assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities Dividends paid on Common Stock: Dividends declared Dividends reinvested ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited interim consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 6 

UNION BANKSHARES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED INTERIM CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1. 

Note 2. 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 7 

Note 3. 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding for basic EPS Dilutive effect of stock-based awards (1) Weighted average common and potential common shares for diluted EPS Earnings per common share: Basic EPS Diluted EPS ____________________ 
 (1) Dilutive effect of stock based awards represents the effect of assumed vesting of all outstanding equity compensation awards, which currently consist solely of restricted stock units to be settled in common stock. Unvested awards do not have dividend or dividend equivalent rights. 

Note 4. 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 8 

Note 5. 
 ) Agency mortgage-backed ) State and political subdivisions ) Corporate ) Total ) 
 December 31, 2023 Amortized Cost Gross Unrealized Gains Gross Unrealized Losses Fair Value (Dollars in thousands) U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises ) Agency mortgage-backed ) State and political subdivisions ) Corporate ) Total ) 
 
 There were investment securities HTM at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Investment securities AFS with fair value of million and thousand were pledged as collateral for FHLB borrowings and other credit subject to collateralization, public unit deposits or for other purposes as required or permitted by law at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Investment securities AFS pledged as collateral for the Discount Window and BTFP borrowings at the FRB consisted of U.S. government-sponsored enterprises and Agency MBS with a fair value of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company utilized BTFP as a source of liquidity during 2023 until the BTFP ceased making new loans in March 2024. 
 
 Due from one to five years Due from five to ten years Due after ten years Agency mortgage-backed Total debt securities available-for-sale 
 
 Actual maturities may differ for certain debt securities that may be called by the issuer prior to the contractual maturity. Actual maturities usually differ from contractual maturities on agency MBS because the mortgages underlying the securities may be prepaid, usually without any penalties. Therefore, these agency MBS are shown separately and are not included in the contractual maturity categories in the above maturity summary. 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 9 

) ) Agency mortgage-backed ) ) ) State and political subdivisions ) ) ) Corporate ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 December 31, 2023 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months and over Total Number of Securities Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses Number of Securities Fair Value Gross Unrealized Losses (Dollars in thousands) U.S. Government- sponsored enterprises ) ) ) Agency mortgage-backed ) ) State and political subdivisions ) ) ) Corporate ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 AFS debt securities in unrealized loss positions are evaluated for impairment related to credit losses at least quarterly. For AFS debt securities in an unrealized loss position, management first assesses whether it intends to sell, or it is more likely than not that the Company will be required to sell, the security before recovery of its amortized cost basis. If either of the criteria regarding intent or requirement to sell is met, the security s amortized cost basis is written down to fair value through earnings. For AFS debt securities that do not meet the above criteria, management evaluates whether the decline in fair value has resulted from credit losses or other factors. In making this assessment, management considers the extent to which fair value is less than amortized cost, any changes to the rating of the security by a rating agency, and adverse conditions specifically related to the security and the issuer, among other factors. If this assessment indicates that a credit loss exists, management compares the present value of cash flows expected to be collected from the security with the amortized cost basis of the security. If the present value of cash flows expected to be collected is less than the amortized cost basis for the security, a credit loss exists and an ACL is recorded, limited to the amount that the fair value of the security is less than its amortized cost basis. For AFS debt securities, any decline in fair value that has not been recorded through an ACL is recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), net of applicable taxes. 
 
 ACL for AFS debt securities was recorded at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. Accrued interest receivable on AFS debt securities totaled thousand and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. 
 
 The Company completed a balance sheet repositioning related to its investment securities portfolio during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The sale of lower-yielding AFS debt securities with a book value of million was executed and recorded in August of 2024. The proceeds from the sale of these securities were used to purchase million of AFS debt securities at higher yields to improve income going forward, and the remainder was used to fund loan growth. 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 10 

Gross gains Gross losses ) ) Net losses on sales of investment securities AFS 
 ) ) 

Note 6. 
 consecutive monthly payments or the lump sum equivalent. Income on nonaccrual loans is generally not recognized unless a loan is returned to accrual status or after all principal has been collected. Interest payments received on such loans are generally applied as a reduction of the loan principal balance. Delinquency status is determined based on contractual terms for all portfolio segments and loan classes. Loans past due 30 days or more are considered delinquent. Loans are considered in process of foreclosure when a judgment of foreclosure has been issued by the court. 
 Loan origination fees and direct loan origination costs are deferred and amortized as an adjustment of the related loan's yield using methods that approximate the interest method. The Company generally amortizes these amounts over the estimated average life of the related loans. 
 The Company evaluates the risk characteristics of its loans based on regulatory call report code with segmentation based on the underlying collateral or purpose for certain loan types. 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 11 

Revolving residential real estate Construction real estate Commercial construction real estate Residential construction real estate Commercial real estate Non-residential commercial real estate Multi-family residential real estate Commercial Consumer Municipal Gross loans ACL on loans ) ) Net deferred loan costs Net loans 
 Qualifying residential first mortgage loans and certain commercial real estate loans with an aggregate carrying value of million and million were pledged as collateral for borrowings from the FHLB under a blanket lien at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Accrued interest receivable on loans totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is excluded from the estimate of credit losses described in Note 7. 

Note 7. 
 quarters represents a reasonable and supportable forecast period and reverts back to a historical loss rate over quarters on a straight-line basis. Management leverages economic projections from a reputable and independent third party to inform its loss driver forecasts over the -quarter forecast period. 
 The combination of adjustments for credit expectations (default and loss) and timing expectations (prepayment, curtailment, and time to recovery) produces an expected cash flow stream at the instrument level that represents the sum of expected losses to determine the estimated ACL on loans. 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 12 

thousand that are classified as substandard or doubtful and are on nonaccrual or that have other unique characteristics differing from the segment. Specific reserves are established when appropriate for such loans based on the present value of expected future cash flows of the loan or the estimated realizable value of the collateral, if any. 
 Risk characteristics relevant to each portfolio segment are as follows: 
 Residential real estate - Loans in this segment are collateralized by owner-occupied 1-4 family residential real estate, second and vacation homes, 1-4 family investment properties, home equity and second mortgage loans. Repayment is dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower. The overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates and housing prices, could have an effect on the credit quality of this segment. 
 Construction real estate - Loans in this segment include residential and commercial construction properties, commercial real estate development loans (while in the construction phase of the projects), land and land development loans. Repayment is dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower and/or the underlying cash flows generated by the properties being constructed. The overall health of the economy, including unemployment rates, housing prices, vacancy rates and material costs, could have an effect on the credit quality of this segment. 
 Commercial real estate - Loans in this segment are primarily properties occupied by businesses or income-producing properties. The underlying cash flows generated by the properties may be adversely impacted by a downturn in the economy as evidenced by a general slowdown in business or increased vacancy rates which, in turn, could have an effect on the credit quality of this segment. Management requests business financial statements at least annually and monitors the cash flows of these loans. 
 Commercial - Loans in this segment are made to businesses and are generally secured by non-real estate assets of the business. Repayment is expected from the cash flows of the business. A weakened economy, and resultant decreased consumer or business spending, could have an effect on the credit quality of this segment. 
 Consumer - Loans in this segment are made to individuals for personal expenditures, such as automobile purchases, and include unsecured loans. Repayment is primarily dependent on the credit quality of the individual borrower. The overall health of the economy, including unemployment, could have an effect on the credit quality of this segment. 
 Municipal - Loans in this segment are made to municipalities located within the Company's service area. Repayment is primarily dependent on taxes or other funds collected by the municipalities. Management considers there to be minimal risk surrounding the credit quality of this segment. 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 13 

Revolving residential real estate Residential real estate Commercial construction real estate Residential construction real estate Construction real estate Non-residential commercial real estate Multi-family residential real estate Commercial real estate Commercial ) Consumer ) Municipal Total ) 
 For The Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Balance, December 31, 2023 Charge-Offs Recoveries Credit Loss Expense (Benefit) Balance, September 30, 2024 (Dollars in thousands) Non-revolving residential real estate Revolving residential real estate Residential real estate Commercial construction real estate ) Residential construction real estate ) Construction real estate ) Non-residential commercial real estate Multi-family residential real estate ) Commercial real estate Commercial ) Consumer ) Municipal Total ) 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 14 

Revolving residential real estate Residential real estate Commercial construction real estate ) Residential construction real estate Construction real estate ) Non-residential commercial real estate ) Multi-family residential real estate Commercial real estate Commercial Consumer ) Municipal Total ) 
 For The Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Balance, December 31, 2022 Impact of Adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 Charge-Offs Recoveries Credit Loss Expense (Benefit) Balance, September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Non-revolving residential real estate ) Revolving residential real estate Residential real estate ) Commercial construction real estate ) Residential construction real estate ) Construction real estate ) Non-residential commercial real estate ) ) Multi-family residential real estate ) Commercial real estate ) ) Commercial ) Consumer ) ) Municipal ) Unallocated ) Total ) ) 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 15 

Impact of adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 Credit loss benefit ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period 
 
 Risk and collateral ratings are assigned to loans and are subject to ongoing monitoring by lending and credit personnel, with such ratings updated annually or more frequently if warranted. The following is an overview of the Company's loan rating system: 
 1-3 Rating - Pass 
 Risk-rating grades "1" through "3" comprise those loans ranging from those with lower than average credit risk, defined as borrowers with high liquidity, excellent financial condition, strong management, favorable industry trends or loans secured by highly liquid assets, through those with marginal credit risk, defined as borrowers that, while creditworthy, exhibit some characteristics requiring special attention by the account officer. 
 4-4.5 Rating - Satisfactory/Monitor 
 Borrowers exhibit potential credit weaknesses or downward trends warranting management's attention. While potentially weak, these borrowers are currently marginally acceptable; no loss of principal or interest is envisioned. When warranted, these credits may be monitored on the watch list. 
 5-7 Rating - Substandard 
 Borrowers exhibit well defined weaknesses that jeopardize the orderly liquidation of debt. The loan may be inadequately protected by the net worth and paying capacity of the obligor and/or the underlying collateral is inadequate. 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 16 

Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Non-revolving residential real estate Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Revolving residential real estate Construction Real Estate Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Commercial construction real estate Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Residential construction real estate Commercial Real Estate Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Non-residential commercial real estate Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Multi-family residential real estate Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Commercial Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Consumer Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Municipal Total Loans 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 17 

Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Non-revolving residential real estate Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Revolving residential real estate Construction Real Estate Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Commercial construction real estate Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Residential construction real estate Commercial Real Estate Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Non-residential commercial real estate Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Multi-family residential real estate Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Commercial Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Consumer Pass Satisfactory/Monitor Substandard Municipal Total Loans 
 
 Gross charge-offs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 consisted of thousand consumer loan that was originated in 2024. Gross charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 consisted of thousand consumer loan originated in 2021 and thousand consumer loan originated in 2024. Gross charge-offs for the three months ended September 30, 2023 consisted of thousand consumer loan that was originated in 2022 and gross charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, consisted of consumer loans totaling thousand that were originated in 2022. 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 18 

Revolving residential real estate Construction real estate Commercial construction real estate Residential construction real estate Commercial real estate Non-residential commercial real estate Multi-family residential real estate Commercial Consumer Municipal Total 
 
 December 31, 2023 30-59 Days 60-89 Days 90 Days and Over Total Past Due Current Total (Dollars in thousands) Residential real estate Non-revolving residential real estate Revolving residential real estate Construction real estate Commercial construction real estate Residential construction real estate Commercial real estate Non-residential commercial real estate Multi-family residential real estate Commercial Consumer Municipal Total 
 
 A summary of nonaccrual loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 follows: 
 September 30, 2024 Nonaccrual Nonaccrual With No Allowance for Credit Losses 90 Days and Over and Accruing Residential real estate (Dollars in thousands) Non-revolving residential real estate Commercial real estate Non-residential commercial real estate Total 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 19 

Revolving residential real estate Commercial real estate Non-residential commercial real estate Total 
 
 There was non-revolving residential real estate loan totaling thousand in process of foreclosure at September 30, 2024 and revolving residential real estate loan totaling thousand in process of foreclosure at December 31, 2023. Aggregate interest on nonaccrual loans not recognized was thousand as of September 30, 2024 and thousand as of December 31, 2023. 
 Loans that do not share risk characteristics are evaluated on an individual basis. Loans that are individually evaluated and collateral dependent represent loans that the Company has determined foreclosure of the collateral is probable, or where the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty and the Company expects repayment of the loan to be provided substantially through the sale of the collateral. For these loans, the ACL is measured based on the difference between the fair value of the collateral and the amortized cost basis of the loan at the measurement date. 

Collateral dependent loans are loans for which the repayment is expected to be provided substantially by the underlying collateral and there are no other available and reliable sources of repayment. 
 
 Occasionally, the Company modifies loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty by providing interest rate reductions, term extensions, payment deferrals or principal forgiveness. When principal forgiveness is provided, the amount of forgiveness is charged off against the ACL on loans. There were new loan modifications to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the three months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 
 Modification deferred months of principal and interest payments. 
 Non-residential commercial real estate Modification deferred months of principal and interest payments. 
 Commercial Modification deferred months of principal and interest payments. 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 20 

Reduced weighted average contractual interest rate from to 
 Multi-family residential real estate Reduced weighted average contractual interest rate from to 

Payment Delay Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Amortized Cost Basis of Loan Class Financial Effect (Dollars in thousands) Non-residential commercial real estate Modification allowed for months of interest only payments with remaining balances due at maturity. 

The following table presents the performance of loans as of September 30, 2024 that have been modified in the last twelve months: 
 September 30, 2024 Current Past Due 30-89 Days Past Due 90 Days and Over (Dollars in thousands) Non-revolving residential real estate Non-residential commercial real estate Commercial 
 
 There were loans to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty that were modified within the previous twelve months that had subsequently defaulted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Loans are considered defaulted at 90 days past due. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company was not committed to lend any additional funds to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty for which the Company modified the terms of the loans in the form of principal forgiveness, an interest rate reduction, an other-than-insignificant payment delay, or a term extension. 

Note 8. 
 shares of the Company s common stock have been reserved since inception of the Plan for equity awards of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, restricted stock and RSUs to eligible officers and (except for awards of incentive stock options) nonemployee directors. Shares available for issuance of awards under the 2014 Equity Plan consist of unissued shares of the Company s common stock and/or shares held in treasury. As of September 30, 2024, there were outstanding grants of RSUs under the 2014 Equity Plan as noted in the table below. 
 
 On May 15, 2024, the Company s shareholders approved the Union Bankshares, Inc. 2024 Equity Compensation Plan, which replaces and is substantially similar to, the Company s 2014 Equity Plan. Subject to typical anti-dilution adjustments, up to shares of the Company s common stock have been reserved for issuance under the new plan to eligible executives and directors. No new grants will be made under the 2014 Equity Plan. As of September 30, 2024, no grants had yet been made under the new plan. 
 
 RSUs. Each outstanding RSU represents the right to receive share of the Company's common stock upon satisfaction of applicable vesting conditions. The general terms of the awards are described in the Company's 2023 Annual Report. Prior to vesting, the RSUs do not earn dividends or dividend equivalents, nor do they bear any voting rights. 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 21 

2023 Award 2024 Award Total 
 Unrecognized compensation expense related to the unvested RSUs as of September 30, 2024 and 2023 was thousand and thousand, respectively, and thousand as of December 31, 2023. 
 On May 15, 2024, the Company's board of directors, as a component of total director compensation, granted an aggregate of RSUs to the Company's non-employee directors. Each RSU represents the right to receive share of the Company's common stock upon satisfaction of applicable vesting conditions. The RSUs will vest in May 2025, subject to continued board service through the vesting date, other than in the case of the director's death or disability. Prior to vesting, the RSUs do not earn dividends or dividend equivalents, nor do they bear any voting rights. Unrecognized director compensation expense related to the unvested RSUs as of September 30, 2024 was thousand. 

Note 9. 
 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2031 (the "Notes") to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors. The Notes initially bear interest, payable semi-annually, at the rate of per annum, until September 1, 2026. From and including September 1, 2026, the interest rate applicable to the outstanding principal amount due will reset quarterly to the then current three-month secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) plus basis points. At its option, the Company may redeem the Notes, in whole or in part, beginning with the interest payment date of September 1, 2026 but not generally prior thereto, and on any scheduled interest payment date thereafter. The Notes qualify as Tier 2 capital instruments for the Company under bank holding company regulatory capital guidelines. 
 The Company used the proceeds primarily to provide additional Tier 1 capital to the Company's wholly-owned subsidiary, Union Bank, to support its growth and for other general corporate purposes. 
 The unamortized issuance costs of the Notes were thousand and thousand at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company recorded thousand and thousand of issuance costs in interest expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The Notes are presented net of unamortized issuance costs in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Note 10. ) 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 22 

) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net losses on investment securities AFS realized in net income ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Before-Tax Amount Tax Expense/ Benefit 
 Net-of-Tax Amount Before-Tax Amount Tax Benefit 
 Net-of-Tax Amount Investment securities AFS: (Dollars in thousands) Net unrealized holding gains (losses) arising during the period on investment securities AFS ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net losses on investment securities AFS realized in net income ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 
 Net losses on sales of investment securities AFS Tax benefit 
 ) ) Provision for income taxes Total reclassifications Net income 

Note 11. 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 23 

Agency mortgage-backed State and political subdivisions Corporate Total debt securities Other investments: Mutual funds December 31, 2023: Debt securities AFS: U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises Agency mortgage-backed State and political subdivisions Corporate Total debt securities Other investments: Mutual funds 
 There were no transfers in or out of Levels 1 and 2 during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or the year ended December 31, 2023, nor were there any Level 3 assets at any time during these periods. Certain other assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, that is, the instruments are not measured at fair value on an ongoing basis but are subject to fair value adjustments in certain circumstances (for example, when there is evidence of impairment). Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in periods after initial recognition, such as collateral dependent individually evaluated loans, MSRs and OREO, were not considered material at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. The Company has not elected to apply the fair value method to any financial assets or liabilities other than those situations where other accounting pronouncements require fair value measurements. 
 
 FASB ASC Topic 825 , Financial Instruments, requires disclosure of the estimated fair value of financial instruments. Fair value is best determined based upon quoted market prices. However, in many instances, there are no quoted market prices for 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 24 

Interest bearing deposits in banks Investment securities Loans held for sale Loans, net Residential real estate Construction real estate Commercial real estate Commercial Consumer Municipal Accrued interest receivable Nonmarketable equity securities N/A N/A N/A N/A Financial liabilities Deposits Noninterest bearing Interest bearing Time Borrowed funds Short-term Long-term Subordinated notes Accrued interest payable 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 25 

Interest bearing deposits in banks Investment securities Loans held for sale Loans, net Residential real estate Construction real estate Commercial real estate Commercial Consumer Municipal Accrued interest receivable Nonmarketable equity securities N/A N/A N/A N/A Financial liabilities Deposits Noninterest bearing Interest bearing Time Borrowed funds Short-term Long-term Subordinated notes Accrued interest payable 
 The carrying amounts in the preceding tables are included in the consolidated balance sheets under the applicable captions. Accrued interest receivable and nonmarketable equity securities are included in Other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 

Note 12. 
 per share, payable November 7, 2024, to stockholders of record on October 26, 2024. 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 26 

Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND 
 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 GENERAL 
 The following discussion and analysis focuses on those factors that, in management's view, had a material effect on the financial position of the Company as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and its results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. This discussion is being presented to provide a narrative explanation of the consolidated financial statements and should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and related notes and with other financial data appearing elsewhere in this filing and with the Company's 2023 Annual Report. In the opinion of the Company's management, the interim unaudited consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments, consisting only of normal recurring adjustments and disclosures necessary to fairly present the Company's consolidated financial position and results of operations for the interim periods presented. Management is not aware of the occurrence of any events after September 30, 2024 which would materially affect the information presented. 
 Please refer to Note 1 in the Company's unaudited interim consolidated financial statements at Part I, Item 1 of this Report for definitions of acronyms, abbreviations and capitalized terms used throughout the following discussion and analysis. 
 
 CAUTIONARY ADVICE ABOUT FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 The Company, "we," "us," "our," may from time to time make written or oral statements that are considered forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Forward-looking statements may include financial projections, statements of plans and objectives for future operations, estimates of future economic performance or conditions and assumptions relating thereto. The Company may include forward-looking statements in its filings with the SEC, in its reports to stockholders, including this quarterly report, in press releases, other written materials, and in statements made by senior management to analysts, rating agencies, institutional investors, representatives of the media and others. 
 Forward-looking statements are based on the current assumptions underlying the statements and other information with respect to the beliefs, plans, objectives, goals, expectations, anticipations, estimates and intentions of management and the financial condition, results of operations, future performance and business are only expectations of future results. Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in the Company s forward-looking statements are reasonable when made, the Company s actual results could differ materially from those projected in the forward-looking statements as a result of, among other factors, changes in interest rates; competitive pressures from other financial institutions; general economic conditions on a national basis or in the local markets in which the Company operates; downgrades of U.S. government securities; eroding public confidence in the banking system; changes in consumer behavior due to changing political, business and economic conditions, including concerns about inflation, or legislative or regulatory initiatives; changes in the value of securities and other assets in the Company s investment portfolio; increases in loan and lease default and charge-off rates; the adequacy of the ACL; decreases in deposit levels that necessitate increases in borrowing to fund loans and investments; operational risks to the Company and our vendors, including, but not limited to, cybersecurity incidents, fraud, natural disasters and future pandemics; changes in regulation, war, terrorism, civil unrest; changes in economic assumptions and adverse economic developments; the risk that goodwill and intangibles recorded in the Company s financial statements will become impaired; changes in assumptions used in making such forward-looking statements; and the other risks and uncertainties detailed in the Company s 2023 Annual Report. 
 In addition to the uncertainties detailed in the Company's 2023 Annual Report the banking industry continues to be faced with an inverted yield curve, unrealized securities losses, and higher funding costs. 
 When evaluating forward-looking statements to make decisions about the Company and our stock, investors and others are cautioned to consider these and other risks and uncertainties, and are reminded not to place undue reliance on such statements. Investors should not consider the foregoing list of factors to be a complete list of risks or uncertainties. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made and the Company undertakes no obligation to update them to reflect new or changed information or events, except as may be required by federal securities laws. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Under SEC Regulation G, public companies making disclosures containing financial measures that are not in accordance with GAAP must also disclose, along with each non-GAAP financial measure, certain additional information, including a reconciliation of the non-GAAP financial measure to the closest comparable GAAP financial measure, as well as a statement of the company s reasons for utilizing the non-GAAP financial measure. The SEC has exempted from the definition of non-GAAP financial measures certain commonly used financial measures that are not based on GAAP. However, two non-GAAP financial 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 27 

measures commonly used by financial institutions, namely tax-equivalent net interest income and tax-equivalent net interest margin (as presented in the tables in the section labeled Yields Earned and Rates Paid), have not been specifically exempted by the SEC, and may therefore constitute non-GAAP financial measures under Regulation G. We are unable to state with certainty whether the SEC would regard those measures as subject to Regulation G. Management believes that these non-GAAP financial measures are useful in evaluating the Company s financial performance and facilitate comparisons with the performance of other financial institutions. However, that information should be considered supplemental in nature and not as a substitute for related financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING POLICIES 
 The Company has established various accounting policies which govern the application of GAAP i n the preparation of the Company's consolidated financial statements. Certain accounting policies involve significant judgments and assumptions by management which have a material impact on the reported amount of assets, liabilities, capital, revenues and expenses and related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities in the consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. The SEC has defined a company's critical accounting policies as the ones that are most important to the portrayal of the company's financial condition and results of operations, and which require management to make its most difficult and subjective judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates on matters that are inherently uncertain. Based on this definition, management has identified the accounting policies and judgments most critical to the Company. They include establishing the amount of ACL and valuing our intangible assets. The judgments and assumptions used by management are based on historical experience and other factors, which are believed to be reasonable under the circumstances. Because of the nature of the judgments and assumptions made by management, actual results could differ from estimates and have a material impact on the carrying value of assets, liabilities, or capital, and/or the results of operations of the Company. 
 Please refer to the Company's 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for a more in-depth discussion of the Company's critical accounting policies. There have been no changes to the Company's critical accounting policies since the filing of that report. 

OVERVIEW 
 The Company, like other financial institutions, has experienced earnings pressure due to the prolonged and steep yield curve inversion. The sharp increases in short-term rates during 2022 and 2023 have had a significant impact on the Company's funding costs due to higher rates paid on deposit accounts and increased utilization of wholesale funding at higher costs. Despite these challenges, the Company s financial position remains strong, supported by a diverse deposit base, a strong liquidity position, excellent asset quality, and regulatory capital in excess of all required levels. The Company continues to focus on gathering deposits, optimization of the net interest margin and maintaining strong asset quality. 
 The Company's earnings have been impacted by the inverted yield curve, as deposit and funding costs have risen at a faster pace than assets have repriced, which has resulted in compression of the net interest margin and spread. In September 2024, the Federal Reserve reduced short-term interest rates by 50 bps; however, there was minimal impact on third quarter financial results from this rate reduction. The net interest margin was 2.73 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2.95 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, while the net interest spreads for the same periods were 2.27 and 2.59 , respectively. We continue to manage the net interest margin and spread by remaining disciplined on loan and deposit pricing, utilizing FHLB advances and brokered CDs when appropriate to reduce our exposure to high short-term interest rates, and maximizing our balance sheet collateral (i.e. loans and investment securities) to obtain wholesale funding in a cost effective way to fund loan growth. 
 The Company completed a balance sheet repositioning related to its investment securities portfolio during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The sale of lower-yielding AFS debt securities with a book value of 38.5 million was executed and recorded in August of 2024, resulting in a pre-tax realized loss on the sale of 1.3 million. The proceeds from the sale of these securities were used to purchase 26.0 million of AFS debt securities at higher yields to improve income going forward, and the remainder was used to fund loan growth. The Company estimates the loss on the sale will be recouped within approximately one year. 
 Consolidated net income decreased 1.2 million, or 47.7 , to 1.3 million for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2.5 million for the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in net income was due to the combined effects of the 1.3 million loss on the sale of AFS debt securities discussed above, increases of 483 thousand in noninterest expenses and 564 thousand in credit loss expense, partially offset by increases of 282 thousand in net interest income and 431 thousand in noninterest income, excluding the loss on the sale of AFS debt securities, and a decrease of 419 thousand in income tax expense. 
 Consolidated net income decreased 2.4 million, or 29.8 , to 5.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 8.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was due to the combined effects of the 1.3 million loss on the sale of AFS debt securities discussed above, a decrease in net interest income of 819 thousand and increases in noninterest expenses of 1.7 million and credit loss expense of 744 thousand, partially offset by an increase in 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 28 

noninterest income, excluding the loss on the sale of AFS debt securities, of 995 thousand and a reduction in income tax expense of 1.1 million. 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had total consolidated assets of 1.52 billion, including gross loans and loans held for sale (total loans) of 1.13 billion, deposits of 1.17 billion, borrowed funds of 240.7 million, subordinated notes of 16.3 million and stockholders' equity of 72.3 million. 
 The Company's total capital increased to 72.3 million at September 30, 2024 from 65.8 million at December 31, 2023. This increase primarily reflects an improvement of 5.1 million in accumulated other comprehensive loss due to an increase in the fair market value of the Company's AFS investment securities, net income of 5.8 million for the first nine months of 2024, partially offset by regular cash dividends declared of 4.9 million. (See Capital Resources on page 44.) These changes also resulted in an increase in the Company's book value per share to 15.98 at September 30, 2024 from 14.56 at December 31, 2023. 
 The following unaudited per share information and key ratios depict several measurements of performance or financial condition at or for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended or At September 30, Nine Months Ended or At September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Return on average assets (1) 0.36 0.73 0.53 0.80 Return on average equity (1) 7.90 17.65 12.00 18.82 Net interest margin (1)(2) 2.71 2.76 2.73 2.95 Efficiency ratio (3) 83.42 75.37 80.04 73.17 Net interest spread (4) 2.22 2.34 2.27 2.59 Loan to deposit ratio 95.96 84.11 95.96 84.11 Net loan charge-offs to average loans not held for sale 
 ACL on loans to loans not held for sale 0.66 0.67 0.66 0.67 Nonperforming assets to total assets (5) 0.13 0.15 0.13 0.15 Equity to assets 4.76 3.53 4.76 3.53 Total capital to risk weighted assets 12.77 13.19 12.77 13.19 Book value per share 15.98 10.92 15.98 10.92 Basic earnings per share 0.29 0.56 1.27 1.82 Diluted earnings per share 0.29 0.55 1.27 1.81 Dividends paid per share 0.36 0.36 1.08 1.08 Dividend payout ratio (6) 124.14 64.29 85.04 59.34 
 __________________ 
 (1) Annualized. 
 (2) The ratio of tax equivalent net interest income to average earning assets. See pages 31 and 32 for more information. 
 (3) The ratio of noninterest expenses to tax equivalent net interest income and noninterest income, excluding securities gains (losses). 
 (4) The difference between the average yield on earning assets and the average rate paid on interest bearing liabilities. See pages 31 and 32 for more information. 
 (5) Nonperforming assets are loans or investment securities that are in nonaccrual or 90 or more days past due as well as OREO or OAO. 
 (6) Cash dividends declared and paid per share divided by consolidated net income per share. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Net Interest Income . The largest component of the Company s operating income is net interest income, which is the difference between interest and dividend income received from earning assets and interest expense paid on interest bearing liabilities. Net interest income is affected by various factors including, but not limited to, changes in interest rates, loan and deposit pricing strategies, funding strategies, the volume and mix of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, and the level of nonperforming assets. Net interest margin is calculated as the net interest income on a fully tax equivalent basis as a percentage of average earning assets. 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 29 

Interest earned on average earning assets for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 17.2 million compared to 14.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 2.3 million, or 15.8 . The average earning asset base increased 78.1 million between periods and the average yield on average earning assets increased 42 bps to 4.85 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 4.43 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The average yield on federal funds sold and overnight deposits decreased 81 bps while interest income increased 9 thousand between the three month comparison period due to an increase in the average balance maintained in Union's master account at the FRB, partially offset by a decrease in the average interest rate paid on these balances. Interest income on investment securities decreased 72 thousand between comparison periods due to a 23.2 million decrease in the average balance of the portfolio, partially offset by an increase in the average yield of 2 bps. Interest income on loans increased 2.3 million between the three month comparison periods due to an increase in the average volume of loans outstanding of 90.0 million and an increase of 46 bps in the average yield. 
 Average interest bearing liabilities increased 83.6 million between the three month comparison periods due to growth in customer time deposit balances, utilization of brokered deposits included in time deposits, and an increase in borrowed funds. The average rate paid on interest bearing liabilities increased 54 bps to 2.63 for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2.09 for the third quarter of 2023. Interest expense increased 2.1 million, to 7.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 5.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Higher rates paid on customer deposit accounts and utilization of higher cost funding of brokered deposits and advances from the FHLB and the FRB were drivers of the increase in interest expense. 
 The net interest spread decreased 12 bps to 2.22 for the third quarter of 2024, from 2.34 for the same period last year, reflecting the net effect of the 54 bps increase in the average rate paid on interest bearing liabilities, which was only partially offset by the 42 bps increase in the average yield earned on interest earning assets between periods. The net interest margin decreased 5 bps during the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period last year as a result of the changes discussed above. Even with the decreases in the net interest spread and net interest margin, net interest income increased 282 thousand to 9.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 9.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Net interest income was 27.9 million, on a fully tax equivalent basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 28.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease of 819 thousand, or 2.8 . The average volume of earning assets increased 70.9 million and the average yield on earning assets increased 52 bps to 4.77 compared to 4.25 for the comparison period. Average loans increased 72.9 million, or 7.4 , to 1.1 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase in average loan volume and the increase of 58 bps in the average loan yield resulted in a 7.1 million increase in interest income on loans between periods. There was a 445 thousand recovery of interest income on loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 related to the payoff of a loan that had previously been in nonaccrual. This accounted for 6 bps of the increase in the average loan yield between the nine month comparison periods. 
 The average balance of the investment portfolio decreased 15.2 million while the average yield on the portfolio increased by 1 bp, resulting in a decrease in interest income on investment securities of 132 thousand between the nine month comparison periods. 
 The average cost of funds increased 84 bps to 2.50 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.66 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Interest expense increased 8.5 million, to 21.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 13.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increases in the average cost of funds and in interest expense were due to an increase of 96.0 million in the average balance of interest bearing liabilities and increases in the average rates paid in all liability categories between periods, with the exception of the Company's subordinated notes. 
 During the first half of 2024, Union, like many other financial institutions, continued to offer higher rate paying time deposit specials to attract new deposit dollars and retain existing customer deposits. Although some new money was obtained, a shift of funds in the Company's deposit base from non-maturity deposits to time deposit specials occurred. Interest expense on time deposits increased 2.8 million to 8.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 5.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 due to increases of 37.5 million in the average balance and 90 bps in the average rate paid. Despite a decrease of 31.9 million in the average balance of savings/money market accounts, interest expense increased 1.4 million between the nine month comparison periods due to an increase of 58 bps in the average rate paid. Interest expense on interest bearing checking accounts increased 411 thousand between the nine month comparison periods resulting from an increase of 26 bps in the average rate paid, which more than offset the decrease of 24.0 million in the average balance. The average volume of borrowed funds increased 114.4 million and the average rate paid on borrowed funds increased 40 bps between the nine month comparison periods, resulting in a 3.9 million increase in interest expense. 
 The net interest spread decreased 32 bps to 2.27 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from 2.59 for the same period last year, reflecting the net effect of the 84 bps increase in the average rate paid on interest bearing liabilities, which was 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 30 

only partially offset by the 52 bps increase in the average yield earned on interest earning assets between periods. The net interest margin decreased 22 bps for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period last year as a result of the changes discussed above. 
 The following tables show for the periods indicated the total amount of tax equivalent interest income recorded from average interest earning assets, the related average tax equivalent yields, the tax equivalent interest expense associated with average interest bearing liabilities, the related tax equivalent average rates paid, and the resulting tax equivalent net interest spread and margin. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Balance (1) Interest Earned/ Paid Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance (1) Interest Earned/ Paid Average Yield/ Rate (Dollars in thousands) Average Assets: Federal funds sold and overnight deposits 25,451 162 2.49 18,188 153 3.30 Interest bearing deposits in banks 13,564 127 3.71 14,826 95 2.54 Investment securities (2), (3) 288,839 1,573 2.25 312,074 1,645 2.23 Loans, net (2), (4) 1,091,307 15,182 5.61 1,001,353 12,874 5.15 Nonmarketable equity securities 10,082 147 5.77 4,657 80 6.80 Total interest earning assets (2) 1,429,243 17,191 4.85 1,351,098 14,847 4.43 Cash and due from banks 4,887 4,846 Premises and equipment 20,567 20,216 Other assets 21,534 11,459 Total assets 1,476,231 1,387,619 Average Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity: Interest bearing checking accounts 277,422 748 1.07 317,918 1,043 1.30 Savings/money market accounts 328,887 1,014 1.23 376,878 1,169 1.23 Time deposits 295,331 3,199 4.31 279,288 2,531 3.60 Borrowed funds and other liabilities 247,446 2,658 4.20 91,403 814 3.48 Subordinated notes 16,259 142 3.49 16,226 142 3.49 Total interest bearing liabilities 1,165,345 7,761 2.63 1,081,713 5,699 2.09 Noninterest bearing deposits 226,094 230,557 Other liabilities 17,795 17,979 Total liabilities 1,409,234 1,330,249 Stockholders' equity 66,997 57,370 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 1,476,231 1,387,619 Net interest income 9,430 9,148 Net interest spread (2) 2.22 2.34 Net interest margin (2) 2.71 2.76 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 31 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Average Balance (1) Interest Earned/ Paid Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance (1) Interest Earned/ Paid Average Yield/ Rate (Dollars in thousands) Average Assets: Federal funds sold and overnight deposits 26,664 799 3.94 15,144 367 3.20 Interest bearing deposits in banks 14,008 372 3.55 15,995 304 2.54 Investment securities (2), (3) 297,769 4,768 2.21 312,982 4,900 2.20 Loans, net (2), (4) 1,054,989 43,094 5.52 982,071 35,955 4.94 Nonmarketable equity securities 7,424 331 5.94 3,783 168 5.93 Total interest earning assets (2) 1,400,854 49,364 4.77 1,329,975 41,694 4.25 Cash and due from banks 4,585 4,629 Premises and equipment 20,748 20,268 Other assets 18,431 11,054 Total assets 1,444,618 1,365,926 Average Liabilities and Stockholders' Equity: Interest bearing checking accounts 292,177 2,524 1.15 316,193 2,113 0.89 Savings/money market accounts 364,894 3,866 1.42 396,813 2,489 0.84 Time deposits 281,248 8,692 4.13 243,730 5,883 3.23 Borrowed funds and other liabilities 184,875 5,933 4.22 70,512 2,041 3.82 Subordinated notes 16,251 427 3.52 16,218 427 3.52 Total interest bearing liabilities 1,139,445 21,442 2.50 1,043,466 12,953 1.66 Noninterest bearing deposits 224,651 248,222 Other liabilities 16,545 16,086 Total liabilities 1,380,641 1,307,774 Stockholders' equity 63,977 58,152 Total liabilities and stockholders equity 1,444,618 1,365,926 Net interest income 27,922 28,741 Net interest spread (2) 2.27 2.59 Net interest margin (2) 2.73 2.95 
 __________________ 
 (1) Average balances are calculated based on a daily averaging method. 
 (2) Average yields reported on a tax equivalent basis using a marginal federal corporate income tax rate of 21 . 
 (3) Average balances of investment securities are calculated on the amortized cost basis and include nonaccrual securities, if applicable. 
 (4) Includes loans held for sale as well as nonaccrual loans, unamortized costs and unamortized premiums and is net of the ACL on loans. 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 32 

Tax exempt interest income amounted to 1.6 million and 1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 4.2 million and 3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The following table presents the effect of tax exempt income on the calculation of net interest income, using a marginal federal corporate income tax rate of 21 for the 2024 and 2023 three and nine month comparison periods: 
 For The Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Net interest income, as presented 9,430 9,148 27,922 28,741 Effect of tax-exempt interest Investment securities 49 98 163 274 Loans 196 130 479 295 Net interest income, tax equivalent 9,675 9,376 28,564 29,310 
 
 Rate/Volume Analysis. The following table describes the extent to which changes in average interest rates earned and paid (on a fully tax-equivalent basis) and changes in volume of average interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities have affected the Company's interest income and interest expense during the periods indicated. For each category of interest earning assets and interest bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to: 
 changes in volume (change in volume multiplied by prior rate); 
 changes in rate (change in rate multiplied by prior volume); and 
 total change in rate and volume. 
 
 Changes attributable to both rate and volume have been allocated proportionately to the change due to volume and the change due to rate. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Increase/(Decrease) Due to Change In Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Increase/(Decrease) Due to Change In Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net (Dollars in thousands) Interest earning assets: Federal funds sold and overnight deposits 53 (44) 9 331 101 432 Interest bearing deposits in banks (9) 41 32 (42) 110 68 Investment securities (108) 36 (72) (198) 66 (132) Loans, net 1,165 1,143 2,308 2,741 4,398 7,139 Nonmarketable equity securities 81 (14) 67 163 163 Total interest earning assets 1,182 1,162 2,344 2,995 4,675 7,670 Interest bearing liabilities: Interest bearing checking accounts (124) (171) (295) (170) 581 411 Savings/money market accounts (150) (5) (155) (214) 1,591 1,377 Time deposits 149 519 668 999 1,810 2,809 Borrowed funds 1,633 211 1,844 3,625 267 3,892 Subordinated notes Total interest bearing liabilities 1,508 554 2,062 4,240 4,249 8,489 Net change in net interest income (326) 608 282 (1,245) 426 (819) 
 
 Credit Loss Expense (Benefit). Credit loss expense or benefit is made up of credit loss expense on loans and credit loss expense on off-balance sheet credit exposures. Credit loss expense on loans results from net charge-offs, changes to the projected loss drivers, prepayment speeds, curtailments and time to recovery that the Company forecasted over the reasonable and supportable forecast periods and changes in the volume and mix of the loan portfolio. Credit loss expense on off-balance sheet credit exposures results from changes in outstanding commitments and changes in funding rates and assumed loss rates 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 33 

period over period. For further details, see FINANCIAL CONDITION - Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans and Commitments, Contingent Liabilities, and Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements below. 
 
 Credit loss expense (benefit) was made up of the following components for the following periods: 
 For The Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Credit loss expense for loans 
 468 116 784 55 Credit loss benefit for off-balance sheet credit exposures 
 (43) (255) (201) (216) Credit loss expense (benefit), net 425 (139) 583 (161) 
 
 Noninterest Income. The following table sets forth the components of noninterest income and changes between the three and nine month comparison periods of 2024 and 2023: 
 For The Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Variance 2024 2023 Variance Variance (Dollars in thousands) Wealth management income 265 244 21 8.6 793 695 98 14.1 Service fees 1,855 1,785 70 3.9 5,252 5,219 33 0.6 Net gains on sales of loans held for sale 540 336 204 60.7 1,168 836 332 39.7 Income from Company-owned life insurance 126 118 8 6.8 596 334 262 78.4 Other income 29 25 4 16.0 210 90 120 133.3 Net gains (losses) on other investments 
 83 (41) 124 (302.4) 211 61 150 245.9 Net losses on sales of investment securities AFS (1,293) (1,293) (100.0) (1,293) (1,293) (100.0) Total noninterest income 1,605 2,467 (862) (34.9) 6,937 7,235 (298) (4.1) 
 
 The significant changes in noninterest income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023 are described below: 
 Wealth management income : Wealth management income increased as managed fiduciary accounts grew between September 30, 2024 and 2023, as did the value of assets within those accounts. 
 Service fees . Service fees increased 70 thousand for the three month comparison period due to increases in loan servicing fees, ATM and debit card network fees and service charge income. Service fees increased 33 thousand for the nine month comparison period due to increases in overdraft fee income and service charge income, partially offset by decreases in ATM and debit card network fees, and merchant program fees. 
 Net gains on sales of loans held for sale. Residential mortgage loans totaling 35.2 million and 76.1 million were sold during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to sales of 24.7 million and 54.2 million during the same periods in 2023, respectively. The increases of 204 thousand and 332 thousand in net gains on sales of loans held for the three and nine month comparison periods, respectively, reflect the higher sales volume and higher premiums obtained on sales in 2024. 
 Income from Company-owned life insurance. Death benefit proceeds of 235 thousand were received in the second quarter of 2024 that were not received during the same period in 2023. Income also increased during the three and nine month comparison periods due to a higher yield earned on the underlying life insurance policies. 
 Other income. The Company received 117 thousand in prepayment penalties from the early payoff of loans during the first quarter of 2024 that were not received during the same period of 2023. 
 Net gains (losses) on other investments. Participants in the 2020 Amended and Restated Nonqualified Excess Plan elect to defer receipt of current compensation from the Company or its subsidiary and select designated reference investments consisting of investment funds. The performance of those funds, over which the Company has no control, resulted in net 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 34 

gains of 83 thousand and 211 thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and net losses of 41 thousand and net gains of 61 thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Net losses on sales of investment securities AFS. As discussed above, the Company completed a balance sheet repositioning related to its investment securities portfolio during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The sale of lower-yielding AFS debt securities with a book value of 38.5 million was executed and recorded in August of 2024, resulting in a pre-tax realized loss on the sale of 1.3 million. 
 
 Noninterest Expenses. The following table sets forth the components of noninterest expenses and changes between the three and nine month comparison periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 For The Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Variance 2024 2023 Variance Variance (Dollars in thousands) Salaries and wages 4,015 3,720 295 7.9 11,342 10,895 447 4.1 Employee benefits 1,522 1,217 305 25.1 4,642 4,065 577 14.2 Occupancy expense, net 505 459 46 10.0 1,618 1,519 99 6.5 Equipment expense 1,006 935 71 7.6 2,966 2,714 252 9.3 Professional fees 221 237 (16) (6.8) 825 756 69 9.1 FDIC insurance assessment 296 267 29 10.9 827 734 93 12.7 Advertising and public relations 177 122 55 45.1 568 457 111 24.3 Vermont franchise tax 266 280 (14) (5.0) 802 858 (56) (6.5) Wealth management expenses 131 119 12 10.1 368 331 37 11.2 Amortization of MSRs, net (45) 47 (92) (195.7) 57 248 (191) (77.0) ATM and debit card expense 261 283 (22) (7.8) 952 817 135 16.5 Donations 
 52 135 (83) (61.5) 286 238 48 20.2 Legal expense 5 37 (32) (86.5) 82 80 2 2.5 Communications 
 83 105 (22) (21.0) 266 295 (29) (9.8) Other expenses 914 963 (49) (5.1) 2,812 2,732 80 2.9 Total noninterest expenses 
 9,409 8,926 483 5.4 28,413 26,739 1,674 6.3 
 
 The significant changes in noninterest expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in 2023 are described below: 
 Salaries and wages. Salaries and wages increased 295 thousand and 447 thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the same periods in 2023 primarily due to annual salary adjustments for the 2024 fiscal year. The increases are also attributable to the inclusion of salaries and wages for employees at our North Conway location, which became a full service branch during the fourth quarter of 2023. 110 thousand of the increase for the three and nine month comparison periods was attributable to a separation of service agreement with an employee. The increase for the nine month comparison period was partially offset by a 72 thousand accrual adjustment related to the annual incentive plan payments to select officers of Union recorded in the first quarter of 2024. 
 Employee benefits. Employee benefit expense increased 305 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to increases of 158 thousand in premium expense for the Company's medical and dental plans, 34 thousand in payroll taxes and 121 thousand in employee benefits related to the Company's deferred compensation plans. The increase of 577 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 was primarily due to increases of 394 thousand in premium expense for the Company's medical and dental plans, 140 thousand in employee benefits related to the Company's deferred compensation plans and 43 thousand in payroll taxes. 
 Occupancy expense, net. The increase in occupancy expense between the three and nine month comparison periods is primarily due to increases in depreciation expense related to leasehold improvements to the North Conway location that became a full service branch during the fourth quarter of 2023 as well as increases in repair and maintenance expenses at other locations. 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 35 

Equipment expense. Equipment expense increased between the three and nine month comparison periods primarily due to an increase in software license and maintenance costs associated with outsourcing Union's core application processing system that was finalized during the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 Professional fees. Professional fees increased 69 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 due to annual increases in engagement fees and additional consultants that were engaged to assist with employment searches and other consulting services in 2024. Professional fees decreased 16 thousand during the three month comparison period due to a reduction in consulting engagements during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to those utilized in the same period of 2023. 
 FDIC insurance assessment. The FDIC insurance assessment increased by 29 thousand and 93 thousand during the three and nine month comparison periods, respectively, due to an increase in the assessment rate as well as overall growth in net assets. 
 Advertising and public relations. The increase in advertising and public relations costs is primarily related to advertising campaigns and business development activities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 that did not occur in 2023. 
 Vermont franchise tax. The decrease in expense between the three and nine month comparison periods was due to the decrease in average deposit balances for customer accounts allocated to Vermont. 
 Wealth management expenses. The increase in expense between three and nine month comparison periods is primarily attributable to the growth in managed fiduciary accounts and the associated data processing and professional services. 
 Amortization of MSRs, net. Income from MSRs is derived from servicing rights acquired through the sale of loans on which servicing is retained. Capitalized servicing rights are initially recorded at fair value and amortized in proportion to, and over the period of, the estimated future servicing period of the underlying loans. New capitalized MSRs exceeded amortization of MSRs for the three months ended September 30, 2024 resulting in net income of 45 thousand, while amortization of MSRs exceeded new capitalized MSRs resulting in net expense of 57 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and net expenses of 47 thousand and 248 thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 ATM and debit card expense. The increase between the nine month comparison period is primarily related to the costs associated with outsourcing Union's core application processing system that was finalized during the fourth quarter of 2023 as well as costs associated with a change in the servicing arrangement in place for the ATM machines. During the third quarter of 2024, debit card processing contract renewal incentive credits were received, resulting in a decrease in expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 2023. 
 Donations. Charitable donations are made as part of the Company's on-going commitment to enhancing the economic vitality and social welfare of our communities. Donations increased between the nine month comparison period primarily due to contributions made during the first half of 2024 related to a state tax credit program to assist a local affordable housing project and local non-profit rehabilitation projects. The decrease between the three month comparison periods is primarily due to increased contributions made in 2023 to assist communities with recovery efforts related to the July 2023 historic flood that occurred in the State of Vermont. 
 Legal expense. The decrease in legal expense of 32 thousand between the three month comparison period primarily relates to the recovery of legal fees expensed in prior years that were reimbursed by borrowers in 2024. 
 Communications. The decrease in communication expense between the three and nine month comparison periods is due to a change in the communication services arrangement for ATM machines in 2024 compared to 2023. 
 (Benefit) Provision for Income Taxes. The Company has provided for current and deferred federal income taxes for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The income tax benefit related to the balance sheet repositioning transaction and the resulting loss on the sale of AFS debt securities recorded in August 2024 was 284 thousand and was the primary cause for the Company's overall net benefit for income taxes of 123 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the net provision for income taxes of 296 thousand for the same period in 2023. This resulted in an effective federal corporate income tax benefit rate of 10.4 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to an effective federal corporate income tax rate of 10.8 for the same period in 2023. 
 The Company's net provision for income taxes was 103 thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.2 million for the same period in 2023, reflecting lower net income and a higher proportion of tax-exempt income year over year, as well as the impact of limited partnership investments and related credits, discussed below. The Company's effective federal corporate income tax rate was 2.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 12.9 for the same period in 2023. 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 36 

Amortization expense related to limited partnership investments is included as a component of income tax expense and amounted to 440 thousand and 1.3 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to 363 thousand and 1.0 million for the same period in 2023, respectively. These investments provide tax benefits, including tax credits. Low income housing and rehabilitation tax credits with respect to limited partnership investments are also included as a component of income tax expense and amounted to 467 thousand and 1.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 358 thousand and 1.1 million the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company had total consolidated assets of 1.52 billion, including gross loans and loans held for sale (total loans) of 1.13 billion, investment securities AFS of 244.9 million, deposits of 1.17 billion, borrowed funds of 240.7 million, subordinated notes of 16.3 million and stockholders' equity of 72.3 million. The Company s total assets at September 30, 2024 increased 50.6 million, or 3.4 , from 1.47 billion at December 31, 2023, and increased 123.9 million, or 8.9 , compared to September 30, 2023. 
 Federal funds sold and overnight deposits decreased 30.4 million, or 41.6 , to 42.8 million as of September 30, 2024, from 73.2 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Net loans and loans held for sale increased 94.0 million, or 9.2 , to 1.12 billion, representing 73.7 of total assets at September 30, 2024, compared to 1.03 billion, or 69.9 of total assets at December 31, 2023. (See Loans Held for Sale and Loan Portfolio below.) 
 Total deposits decreased 132.3 million, or 10.1 , to 1.17 billion at September 30, 2024, from 1.31 billion at December 31, 2023. Noninterest bearing deposits decreased by 17.2 million, or 6.9 , interest bearing deposits decreased by 122.1 million, or 15.9 , and time deposits increased by 7.0 million, or 2.4 . (See Deposits on page 41.) 
 Borrowed funds at September 30, 2024 were 240.7 million and consisted of 230.7 million of FHLB advances and 10.0 million of borrowings from the FRB. Borrowed funds at December 31, 2023 were 65.7 million and consisted of 55.7 million of FHLB advances and 10.0 million of borrowings from the FRB. (See Borrowings on page 42.) 
 Stockholders equity increased from 65.8 million at December 31, 2023 to 72.3 million at September 30, 2024, reflecting a decrease of 5.1 million in accumulated other comprehensive loss due to an increase in the fair market value of the Company's AFS investment securities, net income of 5.8 million for the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 442 thousand in additional paid in capital from the vesting of stock based compensation, and a 50 thousand increase due to the issuance of common stock under the DRIP, partially offset by cash dividends declared of 4.9 million. (See Capital Resources on page 44.) 
 Loans Held for Sale and Loan Portfolio . Total loans (including loans held for sale) increased 94.6 million, or 9.2 , to 1.13 billion, representing 74.1 of assets at September 30, 2024, from 1.03 billion, representing 70.2 of assets at December 31, 2023. The total loan portfolio at September 30, 2024 increased 97.9 million compared to the September 30, 2023 level of 1.03 billion, which represented 73.7 of assets. The Company s loans consist primarily of adjustable-rate and fixed-rate mortgage loans secured by one-to-four family, multi-family residential or commercial real estate. Real estate secured loans represented 982.5 million, or 87.3 of total loans at September 30, 2024 and 911.5 million, or 88.4 of total loans at December 31, 2023. The net change in the Company's loan portfolio from December 31, 2023 (see table below) resulted primarily from an increase in the volume of residential, municipal, commercial construction and commercial real estate loans originated. 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 37 

The composition of the Company's loan portfolio, including loans held for sale, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Loan Class Amount Percent Amount Percent Residential real estate (Dollars in thousands) Non-revolving residential real estate 426,797 37.9 397,409 38.5 Revolving residential real estate 21,347 1.9 18,902 1.8 Construction real estate Commercial construction real estate 59,133 5.3 36,973 3.6 Residential construction real estate 51,141 4.5 51,662 5.0 Commercial real estate Non-residential commercial real estate 313,393 27.8 298,148 29.0 Multi-family residential real estate 102,253 9.1 105,344 10.2 Commercial 38,603 3.4 40,448 3.9 Consumer 2,162 0.2 2,589 0.3 Municipal 102,632 9.1 76,795 7.4 Loans held for sale 8,449 0.8 3,070 0.3 Total loans 1,125,910 100.0 1,031,340 100.0 ACL on loans (7,366) (6,566) Unamortized net loan costs 2,019 1,752 Net loans and loans held for sale 1,120,563 1,026,526 
 The Company originates and sells qualified residential mortgage loans in various secondary market avenues to mitigate long-term interest rate risk and generate fee income, with a majority of sales made to the FHLMC/Freddie Mac, generally with servicing rights retained. At September 30, 2024, the Company serviced a 1.13 billion residential real estate mortgage portfolio, of which 8.4 million was held for sale and approximately 671.7 million of which was serviced for unaffiliated third parties. 
 The Company sold 76.1 million of qualified residential real estate loans to the secondary market during the first nine months of 2024 compared to sales of 54.2 million during the first nine months of 2023. Residential mortgage loan origination activity was strong throughout 2024. Despite low housing inventory and higher interest rates, purchase activity in the Company's markets is stable, with continued construction loan activity. 
 The Company also originates commercial real estate and commercial loans under various SBA, USDA and State sponsored programs which provide a government agency guaranty for a portion of the loan amount. There was 2.2 million guaranteed under these various programs at September 30, 2024 on an aggregate balance of 2.8 million in subject loans. 
 The Company serviced 30.1 million of commercial and commercial real estate loans for unaffiliated third parties as of September 30, 2024. This included 29.1 million of commercial or commercial real estate loan s the Company originated and participated out to other financial institutions. These loans were participated in the ordinary course of business on a nonrecourse basis, for liquidity or credit concentration management purposes. 
 The Company capitalizes MSRs for all loans sold with servicing retained. The unamortized balance of MSRs on loans sold with servicing retained was 1.7 million a t September 30, 2024, with an estimated market value in excess of the carrying value as of such date. Management periodically evaluates and measures the servicing assets for impairment. 
 Qualifying residential first lien mortgage loans and certain commercial real estate loans with a combined carrying value of 381.1 million were pledged as collateral for borrowings from the FHLB under a blanket lien at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Asset Quality. The Company, like all financial institutions, is exposed to certain credit risks, including those related to the value of the collateral that secures its loans and the ability of borrowers to repay their loans. Consistent application of the Company s conservative loan policies has helped to mitigate this risk and has been prudent for both the Company and its customers. Management closely monitors the Company s loan and investment portfolios, OREO and OAO for potential problems and reports to the Company s and Union s Board at regularly scheduled meetings. Board approved policies set forth portfolio diversification levels to mitigate concentration risk and the Company participates large credits out to other financial institutions to further mitigate that risk. 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 38 

Repossessed assets, nonaccrual loans, and loans that are 90 days or more past due are considered to be nonperforming assets. The following table details the composition of the Company's nonperforming assets and amounts utilized to calculate certain asset quality ratios monitored by the Company's management as of the balance sheet dates and September 30, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Nonaccrual loans 1,709 1,858 1,882 Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest 255 162 245 Total nonperforming assets 1,964 2,020 2,127 Guarantees of U.S. or state government agencies on the above nonperforming loans 72 73 ACL on loans 7,366 6,566 6,895 Net (recoveries) charge-offs (16) 4 4 Total loans outstanding 1,125,910 1,031,340 1,028,035 Total average loans outstanding 1,054,989 993,959 982,071 
 
 The following table shows trends of certain asset quality ratios monitored by the Company's management as of the balance sheet dates and September 30, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) ACL on loans to total loans outstanding 0.65 0.64 0.67 ACL on loans to nonperforming loans 375.05 325.05 324.17 ACL on loans to nonaccrual loans 431.01 353.39 366.37 Nonperforming loans to total loans 0.17 0.20 0.21 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.13 0.14 0.15 Nonaccrual loans to total loans 0.15 0.18 0.18 Delinquent loans (30 days to nonaccruing) to total loans 0.27 0.55 0.22 Net charge-offs (recoveries) to total average loans Residential real estate Net recoveries 
 (17) (1) (1) Total average loans 433,250 380,755 371,088 Commercial Net recoveries (1) Total average loans 39,559 40,759 40,862 Consumer 0.08 0.21 0.21 Net charge-offs 
 2 5 5 Total average loans 2,443 2,430 2,365 
 All other loan categories did not have charge-offs or recoveries for any of the periods presented above. 
 There was one non-revolving residential real estate loan totaling 60 thousand and in process of foreclosure at September 30, 2024 and one revolving residential real estate loan totaling 17 thousand in process of foreclosure at December 31, 2023. The aggregate interest income not recognized on nonaccrual loans approximated 212 thousand as of September 30, 2024 and 143 thousand as of December 31, 2023. 
 The Company had loans rated substandard that were on performing status totaling 777 thousand and 1.2 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In management's view, substandard loans represent a higher degree of risk of becoming nonperforming loans in the future. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses on Loans . Some of the Company s loan customers ultimately do not make all of their contractually scheduled payments, requiring the Company to charge off a portion or all of the remaining principal balance due. 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 39 

The Company maintains an ACL to absorb such losses. The level of the ACL on loans at September 30, 2024 represents management's estimate of expected credit losses over the expected life of the loans at the balance sheet date. The Company's policy and methodologies for establishing the ACL on loans, described in the Company's 2023 Annual Report did not change during the first nine months of 2024. The Company's ACL on loans was 7.4 million and 6.6 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 The following table reflects activity in the ACL on loans for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Balance at beginning of period 6,893 6,780 6,566 8,339 Impact of adoption of ASU No. 2016-13 (1,495) Charge-offs (1) (4) (2) (8) Recoveries 6 3 18 4 Net recoveries (charge-offs) 
 5 (1) 16 (4) Credit loss expense 
 468 116 784 55 Balance at end of period 7,366 6,895 7,366 6,895 
 The following table (net of loans held for sale) shows the internal breakdown by risk component of the Company's ACL on loans and the percentage of loans in each category to total loans in the respective portfolios at the dates indicated: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amount Percent Amount Percent Residential real estate (Dollars in thousands) Non-revolving residential real estate 3,073 38.2 2,361 38.6 Revolving residential real estate 273 1.9 159 1.8 Construction real estate Commercial construction real estate 684 5.3 1,035 3.6 Residential construction real estate 99 4.6 163 5.0 Commercial real estate Non-residential commercial real estate 2,642 28.0 2,182 29.0 Multi-family residential real estate 209 9.2 244 10.2 Commercial 298 3.5 352 4.0 Consumer 6 0.1 5 0.3 Municipal 82 9.2 65 7.5 Total 7,366 100.0 6,566 100.0 
 
 Notwithstanding the categories shown in the table above or any specific allocation under the Company's ACL methodology, all funds in the ACL on loans are available to absorb loan losses in the portfolio, regardless of loan category or specific allocation. 
 Management believes, in its best estimate, that the ACL on loans at September 30, 2024 is appropriate to cover expected credit losses over the expected life of the Company s loan portfolio as of such date. However, there can be no assurance that the Company will not sustain losses in future periods which could be greater than the size of the ACL on loans at September 30, 2024. In addition, our banking regulators, as an integral part of their examination process, periodically review our ACL. Such agencies may require us to recognize adjustments to the ACL based on their judgments about information available to them at the time of their examination. A large adjustment to the ACL on loans for losses in future periods could require increased credit loss expense to replenish the ACL on loans, which could negatively affect earnings. 
 Investment Activities . The Company completed a balance sheet repositioning related to its investment securities portfolio during the three months ended September 30, 2024. This transaction consisted of the sale of lower-yielding AFS debt securities with a book value of 38.5 million, resulting in a pre-tax realized loss on the sale of 1.3 million, which was recorded in August of 2024. 26.0 million of the proceeds from the sale of these securities were used to purchase AFS debt securities at higher yields to improve income going forward, and the remainder was used to fund loan growth. 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 40 

The Company's investment securities classified as AFS, which are carried at fair value, decreased 19.4 million to 244.9 million, comprising 16.1 of total assets, compared to 264.4 million, or 18.0 of total assets, at December 31, 2023. The decrease between periods is due to the sale of securities with a book value of 38.5 million and returns of principal of 14.3 million, partially offset by 27.3 million of securities purchased and a decrease in unrealized losses of 6.6 million. 
 Net unrealized losses in the Company s AFS investment securities portfolio were 34.4 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to net unrealized losses of 41.0 million as of December 31, 2023. The Company s Accumulated OCI component of stockholders equity at September 30, 2024 reflected cumulative net unrealized losses on investment securities of 26.8 million. There were no securities classified as HTM at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. The decrease in unrealized losses is primarily attributable improvement in the market values of securities. No declines in value were deemed by management to be impairment related to credit losses at September 30, 2024. Deterioration in credit quality and/or imbalances in liquidity that may result from changes in financial market conditions might adversely affect the fair values of the Company s investment portfolio and the amount of gains or losses ultimately realized on the sale of such securities and may also increase the potential that credit losses may be identified in future periods, resulting in credit loss expense recorded in earnings. 
 Investment securities AFS with a carrying amount of 92.5 million and 926 thousand were pledged as collateral for FHLB borrowings and other credit subject to collateralization, public unit deposits or for other purposes as required or permitted by law at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Investment securities AFS pledged as collateral for the Discount Window and Bank Term Funding Program (BTFP) borrowings at the Federal Reserve Bank (FRB) consisted of U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises and Agency MBS securities with a fair value of 21.5 million and 8.9 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Deposits. The following table shows information concerning the Company's average deposits by account type and weighted average nominal rates at which interest was paid on such deposits for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Average Amount Percent of Total Deposits Average Rate Average Amount Percent of Total Deposits Average Rate (Dollars in thousands) Nontime deposits: Noninterest bearing deposits 224,651 19.3 248,222 20.6 Interest bearing checking accounts 292,177 25.1 1.15 316,193 26.2 0.89 Money market accounts 220,282 19.0 2.32 228,262 18.9 1.43 Savings accounts 144,612 12.4 0.05 168,551 14.0 0.03 Total nontime deposits 881,722 75.8 0.97 961,228 79.7 0.64 Total time deposits 281,248 24.2 4.13 243,730 20.3 3.23 Total deposits 1,162,970 100.0 1.73 1,204,958 100.0 1.16 
 During the first nine months of 2024, average total deposits decreased by 42.0 million, or 3.5 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The average balance of total nontime deposits decreased 79.5 million between periods primarily due to decreases of 23.6 million in noninterest bearing deposits, 23.9 million in savings accounts, 24.0 million in interest bearing checking accounts, and 8.0 million in money market accounts. The decrease in average noninterest bearing deposits is primarily attributable to the maturity and the early payoff of purchased nonreciprocal ICS deposits from IntraFi during the first quarter of 2024. The decreases in the other categories are attributable to customers spending down deposit balances, the loss of deposit dollars to competing financial institutions and brokerage firms, and customers shifting monies into time deposits as they continue to seek higher yields. The average balance in total time deposits increased 37.5 million between periods due to an increase of 49.7 million in average customer time deposit accounts as customers took advantage of higher rate paying CDs, partially offset by a 12.2 million decrease in average retail brokered deposits. 
 The Company participates in CDARS, which permits it to offer full deposit insurance coverage to its customers by exchanging deposit balances with other CDARS participants. CDARS also provides the Company with an additional source of funding and liquidity through the purchase of deposits. There were no purchased CDARS at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. There were 14.1 million and 11.7 million of time deposits of 250,000 or less on the balance sheet at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which were exchanged with other CDARS participants. 
 The Company also participates in the ICS program, a service through which it can offer its customers demand or savings deposit products with access to unlimited FDIC insurance, while receiving reciprocal deposits from other FDIC-insured banks. 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 41 

Like the exchange of certificate of deposit accounts through CDARS, exchange of demand or savings deposits through ICS provides a depositor with full deposit insurance coverage of excess balances, thereby helping the Company retain the full amount of the deposit on its balance sheet. As with the CDARS program, in addition to reciprocal deposits, participating banks may also purchase one-way ICS deposits. There were 171.0 million and 232.6 million in exchanged ICS demand and money market deposits on the balance sheet at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. There were no purchased ICS deposits at September 30, 2024, however, there were 50.2 million in purchased ICS deposits at December 31, 2023. 
 At September 30, 2024 there were 80.0 million of retail brokered deposits at a weighted average rate of 5.06 issued under a master certificate of deposit program with a deposit broker for six month terms for the purpose of providing a supplemental source of funding and liquidity. There were 103.0 million of retail brokered deposits at December 31, 2023 at a weighted average rate of 5.07 . 
 Uninsured deposits have been estimated to include deposits with balances greater than the FDIC insurance coverage limit of 250 thousand. This estimate by management is based on the same methodologies and assumptions used for regulatory reporting requirements. At September 30, 2024, the Company had total estimated uninsured deposit accounts totaling 406.1 million, or 34.6 of total deposits. Uninsured deposits include 23.4 million of municipal deposits that were collateralized under applicable state regulations by investment securities or letters of credit issued by the FHLB at September 30, 2024, as described below under Borrowings . 
 The following table provides a maturity distribution of the Company s time deposits in amounts in excess of the 250 thousand FDIC insurance limit at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Within 3 months 16,140 11,512 3 to 6 months 24,497 10,800 6 to 12 months 14,584 19,872 Over 12 months 867 622 56,088 42,806 
 
 Borrowings. Advances from the FHLB are another key source of funds to support earning assets. These funds are also used to manage the Bank's interest rate and liquidity risk exposures. Borrowed funds included FHLB advances of 230.7 million with a weighted average rate of 4.13 at September 30, 2024 and 55.7 million with a weighted average rate of 3.68 at December 31, 2023. Union is required to invest in 100 par value stock of the FHLB in an amount to satisfy unpaid principal balances on qualifying loans, plus an amount to satisfy an activity based requirement. The stock is nonmarketable, and is redeemable by the FHLB at par value. With the increase in FHLB advances outstanding, the investment in FHLB Class B common stock has increased to 10.4 million at September 30, 2024 compared to 3.1 million at December 31, 2023. Union's investment in FHLB stock is carried at cost in Other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 The Company has the authority, up to its available borrowing capacity with the FHLB, to collateralize public unit deposits with letters of credit issued by the FHLB. FHLB letters of credit in the amount of 43.7 million and 42.4 million were utilized as collateral for these deposits at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company's reimbursement obligations to the FHLB relating to these letters of credit are secured by pledged collateral, which reduces the Company's available borrowing capacity with the FHLB. Total fees paid by the Company in connection with the issuance of these letters of credit were 12 thousand and 34 thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 11 thousand and 34 thousand the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 In March 2023, the FRB created the BTFP, a temporary program to provide an additional source of liquidity funding to U.S. depository institutions. Advances under this program are secured by qualifying investment assets consisting of eligible U.S. Government-sponsored enterprises and Agency MBS securities valued at par. At September 30, 2024 the Company had outstanding BTFP advances of 10.0 million with a weighted average rate of 4.76 and 10.0 million with a weighted average rate of 4.85 at December 31, 2023. The FRB ceased making new loans under this program on March 11, 2024. 
 In August 2021, the Company completed the private placement of 16.5 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2031 to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors. The Notes initially bear interest, payable semi-annually, at the rate of 3.25 per annum, until September 1, 2026. From and including September 1, 2026, the interest rate applicable to the outstanding principal amount due will reset quarterly to the then current three-month secured overnight financing rate (SOFR) plus 263 basis points. The Notes are presented in the consolidated balance sheets net of unamortized issuance costs of 236 thousand and 261 thousand at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 42 

Commitments, Contingent Liabilities, and Off-Balance-Sheet Arrangements. The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers, to reduce its own exposure to fluctuations in interest rates and to implement its strategic objectives. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit, interest rate caps and floors written on adjustable-rate loans, commitments to participate in or sell loans, commitments to buy or sell securities, certificates of deposit or other investment instruments and risk-sharing commitments or guarantees on certain sold loans. Such instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized on the balance sheet. The contractual or notional amounts of these instruments reflect the extent of involvement the Company has in a particular class of financial instruments. 
 The Company's maximum exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party to the financial instrument for commitments to extend credit and standby letters of credit is represented by the contractual or notional amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and conditional obligations as it does for on-balance-sheet instruments. For interest rate caps and floors written on adjustable-rate loans, the contractual or notional amounts do not represent the Company s exposure to credit loss. The Company controls the risk of interest rate cap agreements through credit approvals, borrowing limits, and monitoring procedures. The Company generally requires collateral or other security to support financial instruments with credit risk. 
 The following table details the contractual or notional amount of financial instruments that represented credit risk at the balance sheet dates: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Dollars in thousands) Commitments to originate loans 66,531 35,193 Unused lines of credit 189,264 192,104 Standby and commercial letters of credit 1,509 1,557 Credit card arrangements 144 157 FHLB Mortgage Partnership Finance credit enhancement obligation, net 809 744 Total 258,257 229,755 
 Commitments to originate loans are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Loan commitments generally have a fixed expiration date or other termination clause and may require payment of a fee. Since many of the loan commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon and not all credit lines will be utilized, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. Lines of credit incur seasonal volume fluctuations due to the nature of some customers' businesses, such as tourism. The increase in commitments to originate loans at September 30, 2024 from December 31, 2023 is primarily the related to an increase in commercial construction loan commitments of 19.6 million and municipal loan commitments of 10.3 million between periods. 
 The Company did not hold any derivative or hedging instruments at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 In addition to commitments with credit risks arising from the Company s financial instruments, in the normal course of business the Company enters into other types of contractual arrangements from time to time that represent off-balance sheet commitments such as contracts for the purchase or lease of property, including real property for its banking premises. 
 The Company records an ACL on off-balance sheet credit exposures through a charge or credit to Credit loss expense (benefit) on the consolidated statements of income to account for the change in the ACL on off-balance sheet exposures between reporting periods. The ACL on off-balance sheet credit exposures totaled 1.0 million and 1.2 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and was included in Accrued interest and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. There was 43 thousand and 201 thousand of credit loss benefit for off-balance sheet credit exposures recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively and 255 thousand and 216 thousand of credit loss benefit recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

Liquidity . Liquidity is a measurement of the Company s ability to meet potential cash requirements, including ongoing commitments to fund deposit withdrawals, repay borrowings, fund investment and lending activities, purchase and lease commitments, and for other general business purposes. The primary objective of liquidity management is to maintain a balance between sources and uses of funds to meet our cash flow needs in the most economical and expedient manner. The Company s principal sources of funds are deposits; whole-sale funding options including purchased deposits, amortization, prepayment and maturity of loans, investment securities, interest bearing deposits and other short-term investments; sales of securities and loans AFS; earnings; and funds provided from operations. Contractual principal repayments on loans have been a relatively predictable source of funds. Deposit flows and loan and investment prepayments are less predictable and can be significantly 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 43 

influenced by market interest rates, economic conditions, and rates offered by our competitors. Managing liquidity risk is essential to maintaining both depositor confidence and earnings stability. 
 As of September 30, 2024, Union, as a member of FHLB, had access to unused lines of credit up to 34.8 million over and above the 276.5 million in combined outstanding FHLB borrowings and other credit, subject to collateralization and to the purchase of required FHLB Class B common stock and evaluation by the FHLB of the underlying collateral available. This line of credit can be used for either short-term or long-term liquidity or other funding needs. 
 Union also maintains an IDEAL Way Line of Credit with the FHLB. The total line available was 551 thousand at September 30, 2024. There were no borrowings against this line of credit as of such date. Interest on this line is chargeable at a rate determined by the FHLB and payable monthly. Should Union utilize this line of credit, qualified portions of the loan and investment portfolios would collateralize these borrowings. 
 In addition to its borrowing arrangements with the FHLB, Union maintains a pre-approved federal funds line of credit totaling 15.0 million with an upstream correspondent bank, a master brokered deposit agreement with a brokerage firm, and one-way buy options with CDARS and ICS. At September 30, 2024, there were 80.0 million in retail brokered deposits issued under a master certificate of deposit program with a broker, and there were no purchased ICS or CDARS deposits, and no outstanding advances on the correspondent line. 
 In response to high profile bank failures in 2023, the Federal Reserve created the BTFP to provide liquidity to U.S. Depository institutions which allowed any federally insured depository institution to pledge as collateral investment securities at par, rather than at fair market value. At September 30, 2024, the Company had outstanding BTFP advances of 10.0 million. As of March 11, 2024, the BTFP ceased making new advances. 
 Union's investment and residential loan portfolios also provide a significant amount of contingent liquidity that could be accessed in a reasonable time period through sales of those portfolios. Additional contingent liquidity sources are available with further access to the brokered deposit market. These sources are considered as liquidity alternatives in our contingent liquidity plan. Management believes the Company has sufficient liquidity to meet all reasonable borrower, depositor, and creditor needs in the present economic environment. However, any projections of future cash needs and flows are subject to substantial uncertainty, including factors outside the Company's control. 
 
 Capital Resources . Capital management is designed to maintain an optimum level of capital in a cost-effective structure that meets target regulatory ratios, supports management s internal assessment of economic capital, funds the Company s business strategies and builds long-term stockholder value. Dividends are generally in line with long-term trends in earnings per share and conservative earnings projections, while sufficient profits are retained to support anticipated business growth, fund strategic investments, maintain required regulatory capital levels and provide continued support for deposits. The Company continues to evaluate growth opportunities both through internal growth or potential acquisitions. 
 In August 2021, the Company completed the private placement of 16.5 million in aggregate principal amount of fixed-to-floating rate subordinated notes due 2031 to certain qualified institutional buyers and accredited investors. The Notes are structured to qualify as Tier 2 capital for the Company under regulatory capital guidelines for bank holding companies. Proceeds from the sale of the Notes were utilized primarily to provide additional Tier 1 capital to Union to support its growth and for other general corporate purposes. 
 Stockholders equity increased from 65.8 million at December 31, 2023 to 72.3 million at September 30, 2024, reflecting an improvement of 5.1 million in accumulated other comprehensive loss due to an increase in the fair market value of the Company's AFS investment securities, net income of 5.8 million for the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 442 thousand in additional paid in capital from the vesting of stock based compensation, and a 50 thousand increase due to the issuance of common stock under the DRIP. These increases were partially offset by cash dividends declared of 4.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The components of other comprehensive loss are illustrated in Note 10 of the unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 The Company has 7,500,000 shares of 2.00 par value common stock authorized. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 4,999,220 shares issued, of which 4,524,550 were outstanding and 474,670 were held in treasury. 
 In December 2023, the Company's Board reauthorized for 2024 the limited stock repurchase plan that was initially established in May of 2010. The limited stock repurchase plan allows the repurchase of up to a fixed number of shares of the Company's common stock each calendar quarter in open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, as management deems advisable and as market conditions may warrant. The repurchase authorization for a calendar quarter (currently 2,500 shares) expires at the end of that quarter to the extent it has not been exercised, and is not carried forward into future quarters. The quarterly repurchase authorization expires on December 31, 2024, unless reauthorized. The Company had no repurchases under this program during the first nine months of 2024. 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 44 

The Company maintains a DRIP whereby registered stockholders may elect to reinvest cash dividends and make optional cash contributions to purchase additional shares of the Company's common stock. The Company has reserved 200,000 shares of its common stock for issuance and sale under the DRIP. As of September 30, 2024, 12,579 shares of stock had been issued from treasury stock under the DRIP. 
 The Company (on a consolidated basis) and Union are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal banking agencies. Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory, and possibly additional discretionary, actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company's and Union's financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and Union must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities and certain off-balance-sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. The Company's and Union's capital amounts and classification are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 
 Under the standard regulatory capital guidelines, banking organizations must have a minimum total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 , a minimum Tier I risk-based capital ratio of 6.0 , a minimum common equity Tier I risk-based capital ratio of 4.5 , and a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 in order to be "adequately capitalized." In addition to these requirements, banking organizations must maintain a 2.5 capital conservation buffer consisting of common Tier I equity, increasing the minimum required total risk-based capital, Tier I risk-based and common equity Tier I capital to risk-weighted assets they must maintain to avoid limits on capital distributions and certain bonus payments to executive officers and similar employees. 
 As shown in the table below, as of September 30, 2024, both the Company and Union met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject and Union exceeded the requirements for a "well capitalized" bank under the FDIC's Prompt Corrective Action framework. There were no conditions or events between September 30, 2024 and the date of this report that management believes have changed either company s regulatory capital category. 
 Actual For Capital Adequacy Purposes To Be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions As of September 30, 2024 Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio (Dollars in thousands) Company: Total capital to risk weighted assets 121,571 12.77 76,160 8.00 N/A N/A Tier I capital to risk weighted assets 96,909 10.18 57,117 6.00 N/A N/A Common Equity Tier 1 to risk weighted assets 96,909 10.18 42,838 4.50 N/A N/A Tier I capital to average assets 96,909 6.40 60,568 4.00 N/A N/A Union: Total capital to risk weighted assets 121,134 12.73 76,125 8.00 95,156 10.00 Tier I capital to risk weighted assets 112,736 11.85 57,082 6.00 76,109 8.00 Common Equity Tier 1 to risk weighted assets 112,736 11.85 42,811 4.50 61,838 6.50 Tier I capital to average assets 112,736 7.44 60,611 4.00 75,763 5.00 
 Dividends paid by Union are the primary source of funds available to the Company for payment of dividends to its stockholders. Union is subject to certain requirements imposed by federal banking laws and regulations, which among other things, establish minimum levels of capital and restrict the amount of dividends that may be distributed by Union to the Company. 
 Quarterly cash dividends of 0.36 per share were paid during the third quarter of 2024 and were declared in October for the fourth quarter, payable on November 7, 2024 to stockholders of record on October 26, 2024. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Omitted, in accordance with the regulatory relief available to smaller reporting companies in SEC Release Nos. 33-10513 (effective September 10, 2018). 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. The Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, with the assistance of the Disclosure Control Committee, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of the 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 45 

Company s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of September 30, 2024. Based on this evaluation they concluded that those disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files with the Commission is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required information. 
 Changes in Internal Controls over Financial Reporting. There was no change in the Company's internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) of the Exchange Act, during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 In the normal course of business, the Company is involved in various legal and other proceedings. In the opinion of management, any liability resulting from such proceedings is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company s consolidated financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes in the risk factors discussed in Part I-Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in the Company s 2023 Annual Report since the date of the filing of that report. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 The Company did not issue any unregistered shares during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 
 There were no repurchases of the Company's equity securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 

Item 6. Exhibits. 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following materials from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the unaudited consolidated balance sheets, (ii) the unaudited consolidated statements of income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iii) the unaudited consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iv) the unaudited consolidated statements of changes in stockholders' equity, (iv) the unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows and (v) related notes. 
 104 Cover page interactive data file (embedded within exhibit 101). 
 ____________________ 
 This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 

Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 46 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. November 14, 2024 /s/ David S. Silverman David S. Silverman Director, President and Chief Executive Officer November 14, 2024 /s/ Karyn J. Hale Karyn J. Hale Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

EXHIBIT INDEX 
 31.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 
 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 
 Certification of the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101 The following materials from the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) the unaudited consolidated balance sheets, (ii) the unaudited consolidated statements of income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iii) the unaudited consolidated statements of comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, (iv) the unaudited consolidated statements of changes in stockholders' equity, (iv) the unaudited consolidated statements of cash flows and (v) related notes. 
 104 Cover page interactive data file (embedded within exhibit 101). 
 ____________________ 
 This exhibit shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or otherwise subject to the liability of that section, and shall not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 
 Union Bankshares, Inc. Page 47 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a93024exhibit311.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, David S. Silverman, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Union Bankshares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 
 s David S. Silverman David S. Silverman Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a93024exhibit312.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Karyn J. Hale, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Union Bankshares, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and we have 
 (a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiary, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluations 
 (d) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors 
 (a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal controls over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 
 s Karyn J. Hale Karyn J. Hale Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a93024exhibit321.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Union Bankshares, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Chief Executive Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that to the best of his knowledge 1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Union Bankshares, Inc. and will be retained by Union Bankshares, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 s David S. Silverman David S. Silverman Chief Executive Officer 

November 14, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a93024exhibit322.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Union Bankshares, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned Chief Financial Officer of the Company hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 that to the best of her knowledge 1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, and 2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of and for the periods covered in the Report. 
 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to Union Bankshares, Inc. and will be retained by Union Bankshares, Inc. and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 s Karyn J. Hale Karyn J. Hale Chief Financial Officer 

November 14, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 unb-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 unb-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 unb-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 unb-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 unb-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

