<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_100122_0000100122-24-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6319930</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105161</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1104035</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2374987</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1427291</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1174680</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000100122-24-000016.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105061519
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000100122-24-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			TUCSON ELECTRIC POWER CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000100122
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC SERVICES [4911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				860062700
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			AZ
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05924
		FILM NUMBER:		241425474

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		88 EAST BROADWAY
		CITY:			TUCSON
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		520-917-2644

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		88 EAST BROADWAY BLVD
		STREET 2:		HQE809
		CITY:			TUCSON
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	TUCSON GAS & ELECTRIC CO /AZ/
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19790528

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000100122-24-000016.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 tep-20240930.htm
 10-Q

tep-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to . 
 Commission File Number 
 MPANY 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 
 Former name, former address, and former fiscal year, if changed since last report: N/A 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 All shares of outstanding common stock of Tucson Electric Power Company are held by its parent company, UNS Energy Corporation, which is an indirect, wholly-owned subsidiary of Fortis Inc. There were shares of common stock, no par value, outstanding as of November 4, 2024. 

Table of Contents 
 Definitions 
 iii 
 Forward-Looking Information 
 iv 
 PART I Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 2 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholder's Equity 
 5 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 20 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 33 
 New Accounting Standards Issued and Not Yet Adopted 
 33 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 33 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 PART II Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 34 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 35 
 Signatures 
 36 

ii 

DEFINITIONS 
 The abbreviations and acronyms used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are defined below: 
 INDUSTRY ACRONYMS AND CERTAIN DEFINITIONS 2023 IRP TEP's 2023 Integrated Resource Plan which outlines TEP's aspirational goal to reach net zero direct greenhouse gas emissions by 2050 2020 IRP TEP's 2020 Integrated Resource Plan which outlines TEP's plan to reduce its carbon emissions by 80 compared to 2005 by 2035 2021 Credit Agreement The 2021 Credit Agreement, as amended in June 2023 and extended in October 2024, provides for 250 million of revolving credit commitments with swingline and LOC sublimits of 15 million and 50 million, respectively, and a maturity date of October 2027 
 2023 Rate Order Order issued by the ACC resulting in a new rate structure for TEP, effective on September 1, 2023 ABR Alternate Base Rate ACC Arizona Corporation Commission ADEQ Arizona Department of Environmental Quality ADJ SOFR Rate Spread Adjustment AFUDC Allowance for Funds Used During Construction BESS Battery Energy Storage System CCR Coal Combustion Residuals DG Distributed Generation DSM Demand Side Management EPA Environmental Protection Agency EPC Engineering, Procurement, and Construction FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission GAAP Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States of America GHG Greenhouse Gas IRA Inflation Reduction Act, signed into law on August 16, 2022 LFCR Lost Fixed Cost Recovery LOC Letter(s) of Credit OATT Open Access Transmission Tariff PPA Power Purchase Agreement PPFAC Purchased Power and Fuel Adjustment Clause PTC Production Tax Credit REC Renewable Energy Credit RES Renewable Energy Standard Retail Rates Rates designed to allow a regulated utility recovery of its costs of providing services and an opportunity to earn a reasonable return on its investment SIP State Implementation Plan SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate TCA Transmission Cost Adjustor 
 ENTITIES AND GENERATING STATIONS Fortis Fortis Inc., a corporation incorporated under the Corporations Act of Newfoundland and Labrador, Canada, whose principal executive offices are located at Fortis Place, Suite 1100, 5 Springdale Street, St. John's, NL A1E 0E4 Four Corners Four Corners Power Plant Navajo Navajo Generating Station Oso Grande A 250 MW nominal capacity wind-powered electric generation facility, located in southeastern New Mexico Roadrunner Reserve I A standalone battery energy storage system facility with a nominal capacity rating of 200 MW and storage capacity of 800 MWh, located in southeast Tucson, expected to be placed in service in the second half of 2025 Roadrunner Reserve II A standalone battery energy storage system facility with a nominal capacity rating of 200 MW and storage capacity of 800 MWh, located in southeast Tucson, expected to be placed in service in the second half of 2026 San Juan San Juan Generating Station Springerville Springerville Generating Station SRP Salt River Project Agricultural Improvement and Power District Sundt H. Wilson Sundt Generating Station TEP Tucson Electric Power Company, the principal subsidiary of UNS Energy UNS Electric UNS Electric, Inc., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of UNS Energy UNS Energy UNS Energy Corporation, the parent company of TEP, whose principal executive offices are located at 88 East Broadway Boulevard, Tucson, Arizona 85701 UNS Energy Affiliates Affiliated subsidiaries of UNS Energy including UniSource Energy Services, Inc., UNS Electric, and UNS Gas UNS Gas UNS Gas, Inc., an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of UNS Energy 
 
 UNITS OF MEASURE BBtu Billion British thermal unit(s) GWh Gigawatt-hour(s) kWh Kilowatt-hour(s) MW Megawatt(s) MWh Megawatt-hour(s) 
 
 iii 

Table of Contents 

 FORWARD-LOOKING INFORMATION 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. TEP, or the Company, is including the following cautionary statements to make applicable and take advantage of the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for any forward-looking statements made by TEP in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements include statements concerning plans, objectives, goals, strategies, future events, future economic conditions, future operational or financial performance and underlying assumptions, and other statements that are not statements of historical facts. Forward-looking statements may be identified by the use of words or phrases that include "anticipates," "believes," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "aspires," "may," "plans," "predicts," "forecast," "target," "potential," "projects," "would," "strategy," and similar expressions. From time to time, we may publish or otherwise make available forward-looking statements of this nature. All such forward-looking statements, whether written or oral, and whether made by or on behalf of TEP, are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements and any other cautionary statements which may accompany such forward-looking statements. In addition, TEP disclaims any obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this report, except as may otherwise be required by the federal securities laws. 
 Forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results or outcomes to differ materially from those expressed therein. We express our estimates, expectations, beliefs, and projections in good faith and believe them to have a reasonable basis. However, we make no assurances that management s estimates, expectations, beliefs, or projections will be achieved or accomplished. We have identified the following important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those discussed in our forward-looking statements. These may be in addition to other factors and matters discussed in: Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K; Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; and other parts of this report. These factors include: voter initiatives and federal, state, and local regulatory and legislative decisions and actions, including changes in tax, inclusive of the IRA and evolving interpretive guidance related thereto, and energy policies, including as they may be affected by the policies and priorities of the officials elected in the 2024 presidential, congressional, state, and local elections; any change in the structure of utility service in Arizona resulting from the ACC or state legislature's examination of the state's energy policies; changes in, and compliance with, environmental laws and regulatory decisions and policies that could increase operating and capital costs, reduce generation facility output, or accelerate generation facility retirements; unfavorable rulings, penalties, or findings by the FERC; regional economic and market conditions that could affect customer growth and electricity usage; potential changes in the benefits of participation in the Energy Imbalance Market; changes in electricity consumption by retail customers; risks related to climate change, including shifts in weather seasonality, extreme weather events, and wildfires, affecting electricity usage of our customers, operational performance, and operating and capital costs to ensure system reliability; our forecasts of peak demand and whether existing generation capacity and PPAs are sufficient to meet the demand plus reserve margin requirements; the cost of debt and equity capital and access to capital markets and bank markets, which may affect our ability to raise additional capital and to use the proceeds from any capital that we do raise as originally intended; the performance of the stock market and a volatile interest rate environment, which affect the value of our pension and other postretirement benefit plan assets and related contribution requirements and expenses; our ability to manage timelines and budgets related to capital projects, including EPC agreements to develop standalone battery energy storage facilities, and/or to obtain the anticipated performance or other benefits of such capital projects; the potential inability to make additions to our existing high voltage transmission system; unexpected increases in operations and maintenance expense, including increases due to inflationary effects, heightened geopolitical instability, and/or global supply chain challenges; resolution of pending litigation matters; changes in accounting standards; changes in our critical accounting estimates; the ongoing impact of mandated energy efficiency and DG initiatives; our ability to effectively implement plans to meet our goals related to reducing carbon emissions by 2035 and 2050, and the potential impact on our financial condition; changes to long-term contracts; the cost of fuel and power supplies; fluctuations or increases in commodity prices; the ability to obtain coal or natural gas from our suppliers; the timing and cost of generation facility decommissioning and mine reclamation activities; cyber-attacks, data breaches, or other cyberspace attacks to our information security and our operations and technology infrastructure, including attacks that may arise from heightened geopolitical instability; physical attacks to our electric generation, transmission, and distribution assets; the performance of generation facilities, including renewable generation resources; the extent of the impact of a global health or other crisis on our business and operations, and any economic and/or societal disruptions resulting therefrom and from the government actions taken in response thereto; and the implementation of our 2023 IRP. 
 
 iv 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 TUCSON ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating Revenues Operating Expenses Fuel Purchased Power Transmission and Other PPFAC Recoverable Costs Increase (Decrease) to Reflect PPFAC Recovery Treatment Total Fuel and Purchased Power Operations and Maintenance Depreciation Amortization Taxes Other Than Income Taxes Total Operating Expenses Operating Income Other Income (Expense) Interest Expense ) ) ) ) Allowance For Borrowed Funds Allowance For Equity Funds Unrealized Gains (Losses) on Investments ) Other, Net Total Other Income (Expense) ) ) ) ) Income Before Income Tax Expense Income Tax Expense Net Income 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 1 

TUCSON ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities Net Income Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income to Net Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Depreciation Expense Amortization Expense Amortization of Debt Issuance Costs Use of Renewable Energy Credits for Compliance Deferred Income Taxes Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Expense Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Funding ) ) Allowance for Equity Funds Used During Construction ) ) Change in Long-Term Regulatory Assets and Liabilities Changes in Current Assets and Current Liabilities: Accounts Receivable ) Materials, Supplies, and Fuel Inventory ) ) Regulatory Assets Other Current Assets ) ) Accounts Payable and Accrued Charges ) Income Taxes Receivable/Payable Regulatory Liabilities ) Other, Net ) ) Net Cash Flows Operating Activities Cash Flows from Investing Activities Capital Expenditures ) ) Purchase Intangibles, Renewable Energy Credits ) ) Other Investments Contributions in Aid of Construction Net Cash Flows Investing Activities ) ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities Proceeds from Borrowings, Revolving Credit Facility Repayments of Borrowings, Revolving Credit Facility ) Proceeds from Issuance, Long-Term Debt Net of Discount 
 Repayments of Long-Term Debt ) Dividend Paid to Parent ) ) Payment of Debt Issuance Costs ) ) Contribution from Parent Other, Net ) Net Cash Flows Financing Activities Net Increase (Decrease) in Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash, Beginning of Period Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash, End of Period 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 2 

TUCSON ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Utility Plant Plant in Service Construction Work in Progress Total Utility Plant Accumulated Depreciation and Amortization ) ) Total Utility Plant, Net Investments and Other Property Current Assets Cash and Cash Equivalents Accounts Receivable (Net of Allowance for Credit Losses of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Fuel Inventory Materials and Supplies Regulatory Assets Derivative Instruments Other Total Current Assets Regulatory Assets Derivative Instruments Other Noncurrent Assets Total Assets 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 (Continued) 
 3 

TUCSON ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands, except share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 CAPITALIZATION AND LIABILITIES Capitalization Common Stock Equity: Common Stock (No Par Value, Shares Authorized, Shares Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Capital Stock Expense ) ) Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss ) ) Total Common Stock Equity Preferred Stock (No Par Value, Shares Authorized, Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023) 
 Long-Term Debt, Net Total Capitalization Current Liabilities Current Maturities of Long-Term Debt, Net Accounts Payable Accrued Taxes Other than Income Taxes Accrued Employee Expenses Accrued Interest Regulatory Liabilities Customer Deposits Derivative Instruments Other Total Current Liabilities Deferred Income Taxes, Net Regulatory Liabilities Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits Derivative Instruments Other Noncurrent Liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 (Concluded) 
 4 

TUCSON ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY (Unaudited) 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended Common Stock Capital Stock Expense Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholder's Equity Balances as of June 30, 2023 ) ) Net Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Balances as of September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 Balances as of June 30, 2024 ) ) Net Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Dividend Declared to Parent ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended Common Stock Capital Stock Expense Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Stockholder's Equity Balances as of December 31, 2022 
 ) ) Net Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Dividend Declared to Parent ) ) Contribution from Parent Balances as of September 30, 2023 
 ) ) 
 Balances as of December 31, 2023 
 ) ) Net Income Other Comprehensive Income (Loss), Net of Tax Dividend Declared to Parent ) ) Balances as of September 30, 2024 
 ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1. 
 retail customers in a square mile area in southeastern Arizona. TEP also sells electricity to other utilities and power marketing entities, located primarily in the western United States. TEP is a wholly-owned subsidiary of UNS Energy, a utility services holding company. UNS Energy is an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Fortis. 
 See Note 2 for additional information related to cost recovery mechanisms. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Restricted Cash included in: Investments and Other Property Current Assets Other Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Restricted Cash, End of Period 
 Income Tax Expense 
 TEP realized PTC benefits associated with Oso Grande of million and million in Income Tax Expense on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

NOTE 2. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 -month period unless the schedule is modified by the ACC. The PPFAC rate includes: (i) a forward component which is calculated by taking the difference between forecasted fuel and purchased power costs and the amount of those costs established in Retail Rates; and (ii) a true-up component that allows for reconciliation of differences between actual costs and those recovered in the preceding period.) Deferred Fuel and Purchased Power Costs (1) 
 PPFAC and Base Power Recoveries ) ) ) ) End of Period ) ) 
 (1) Includes costs eligible for recovery through the PPFAC and base power rates. 
 Transmission Cost Adjustor 
 The TCA allows for timely recovery or refund of actual costs, net of applicable credits, required to provide transmission services to retail customers. TEP files new TCA rates with the ACC in December each year based on changes in net costs required to provide transmission services to retail customers. New TCA rates take effect in January of each year. 
 Renewable Energy Standard 
 The ACC s RES requires Arizona regulated utilities to increase their use of renewable energy each year until it represents at least of their total annual retail energy sales by 2025, with DG accounting for of the annual energy requirement. The renewable energy requirement in 2024 is of retail electric sales. Consistent with prior years, TEP plans to meet these requirements through a combination of utility-owned resources, PPAs, and customer-sited DG. TEP recovers approved costs of carrying out this plan from retail customers through a RES tariff. 
 In May 2024, the ACC approved an extension of the 2021 RES implementation with a budget of million until further order of the ACC and an increase to the RES tariff to recover under-collected RES funds totaling million. The ACC also waived for TEP the general requirement that Arizona utilities file an annual RES implementation plan. The approved amount funds: (i) above market cost of renewable power purchases; (ii) previously awarded incentives for customer-installed DG; and (iii) various other program costs. 
 Energy Efficiency Standards 
 TEP is required to implement cost-effective DSM programs to comply with the ACC s Energy Efficiency Standards (EE Standards). The EE Standards provide regulated utilities a DSM surcharge to recover from retail customers the costs of implementing DSM programs, as well as an annual performance incentive. TEP records its annual DSM performance incentive for the prior calendar year in the first quarter of each year. 
 In the 2023 Rate Order, the ACC approved a 2023 energy efficiency implementation plan with a cumulative budget of million, which is collected through the DSM surcharge. In May 2024, the ACC approved refunding over-collected, uncommitted DSM surcharge funds totaling million. The DSM refund credits were applied over the June and July 2024 billing periods. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 energy efficiency target measured by retail MWh savings in each of the years 2023 through 2025. TEP will report its savings for these years in its first integrated resource plan following 2025 and in TEP's periodic energy efficiency filings. 
 Lost Fixed Cost Recovery Mechanism 
 The LFCR mechanism provides for recovery of certain non-fuel costs that would go unrecovered between rate cases due to reduced retail kWh sales as a result of implementing ACC-approved energy efficiency programs and customer-installed DG. The LFCR mechanism is adjusted in each rate case when the ACC approves new base rates. TEP records a regulatory asset and recognizes LFCR revenues based on an estimate of lost retail kWh sales during the period. TEP is required to make an annual filing with the ACC requesting recovery of LFCR revenues recognized in the prior year. The recovery is subject to a year-over-year increase cap of of TEP's applicable retail revenues. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Early Generation Retirement Costs Various Lost Fixed Cost Recovery Property Tax Deferrals (1) 
 Final Mine Reclamation (2) 
 Derivatives (Note 9) 
 Transmission Revenue Requirement Balancing Account Income Taxes Recoverable through Future Rates (3) 
 Various Unamortized Loss on Reacquired Debt Various Under-Recovered Fuel and Purchased Energy Costs Other Regulatory Assets Various Total Regulatory Assets Less Current Portion Total Noncurrent Regulatory Assets 
 Regulatory Liabilities Income Taxes Payable through Future Rates (3) 
 Various Net Cost of Removal (4) 
 Various Renewable Energy Standard Various Over-Recovered Fuel and Purchased Energy Costs Derivatives (Note 9) 
 Demand Side Management Deferred Investment Tax Credits Various Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits (Note 8) 
 Various Transmission Revenue Requirement Balancing Account Other Regulatory Liabilities Various Total Regulatory Liabilities Less Current Portion Total Noncurrent Regulatory Liabilities 
 (1) Recorded as a regulatory asset based on historical ratemaking treatment allowing regulated utilities recovery of property taxes on a pay-as-you-go or cash basis. TEP records a liability to reflect the accrual for financial reporting purposes and an offsetting regulatory asset to reflect recovery for regulatory purposes. 
 (2) Represents costs associated with TEP s jointly-owned facilities at San Juan and Four Corners. TEP recognizes these costs at future value and is permitted to fully recover these costs on a pay-as-you-go basis through the PPFAC mechanism. Final mine reclamation costs are expected to be funded by TEP through 2040. San Juan Unit 1 was retired in 2022. In March 2024, the San Juan reclamation oversight committee approved a new final mine reclamation study which resulted in a million increase in the final mine reclamation regulatory asset. 
 (3) Amortized over , years, or the lives of the assets. 
 (4) Represents an estimate of the future cost of retirement, net of salvage value. These are amounts collected through revenue for transmission, distribution, generation, and general plant which are not yet expended. 
 Regulatory assets are either being collected or are expected to be collected through Retail Rates. With the exception of Early Generation Retirement Costs, Income Taxes Recoverable through Future Rates, Transmission Revenue Requirement Balancing 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 3. 
 Wholesale Other Services Revenues from Contracts with Customers Alternative Revenues Other Total Operating Revenues 

NOTE 4. 
 Retail, Unbilled Retail, Allowance for Credit Losses ) ) Wholesale (1) 
 Due from Affiliates (Note 5) 
 Other Accounts Receivable 
 (1) Includes million as of September 30, 2024, and million as of December 31, 2023, of receivables related to revenue from derivative instruments. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) ) ) ) Credit Loss Expense ) ) ) ) Write-offs End of Period ) ) ) ) 

NOTE 5. 
 UNS Gas Total Due from Related Parties Payables to Related Parties UNS Energy UNS Electric UNS Gas Total Due to Related Parties 
 The following table presents the components of related party transactions included in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income: Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Goods and Services Provided by TEP to Affiliates Wholesale Revenues, UNS Electric (1) 
 Common Costs, UNS Energy Affiliates (2) 
 Transmission Revenues, UNS Electric (1) 
 Control Area Services, UNS Electric (3) 
 Goods and Services Provided by Affiliates to TEP Corporate Services, UNS Energy (4) 
 Corporate Services, UNS Energy Affiliates (5) 
 Capacity Charges, UNS Gas (6) 
 Purchased Power, UNS Electric (1) 
 
 (1) TEP and UNS Electric sell power and transmission services to each other. Wholesale power is sold at prevailing market prices, while transmission services are sold at FERC-approved rates through the applicable OATT. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of UNS Energy's allocated costs. Corporate Services, UNS Energy includes legal, audit, and Fortis' management fees. TEP's share of Fortis' management fees was million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (5) Costs for corporate services (e.g., finance, accounting, tax, legal, and information technology) and other labor services for UNS Energy Affiliates are directly assigned to the benefiting entity at a fully burdened cost when possible. 
 (6) UNS Gas charges TEP for natural gas capacity used to supply one of TEP's generation facilities. 

NOTE 6. 
 million aggregate principal amount of senior unsecured notes due September 2034. TEP may redeem the notes prior to June 15, 2034, with a make-whole premium plus accrued interest. On or after June 15, 2034, TEP may redeem the notes at par plus accrued interest. 
 On November 1, 2024, TEP issued a revocable notice to redeem at par on December 16, 2024, million aggregate principal amount of its senior unsecured notes. These notes have a maturity date of March 15, 2025. 
 CREDIT AGREEMENT 
 2021 Credit Agreement 
 In October 2024, the maturity date of TEP's 2021 Credit Agreement was extended to October 2027 as permitted by the agreement. 
 SOFR+ADJ + or ABR+ 
 
 (1) ABR pricing would apply to swingline loans. 
 (2) TEP's pricing through October 15, 2026 may be adjusted based on performance measured using two sustainability targets: (i) the average Occupational Safety and Health Administration total recordable incident rate, excluding solely COVID-19 pandemic-related incidents; and (ii) capacity targets for owned plus firm purchased power agreement renewable generation, including energy storage. 
 million available under the 2021 Credit Agreement. 

NOTE 7. 
 million. TEP owns and will operate the facility, which will be located in southeast Tucson and have a nominal capacity rating of MW and energy 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 MWh. Roadrunner Reserve II is expected to be placed in service in the second half of 2026. As of September 30, 2024, TEP has made payments of million in connection with the construction and development of Roadrunner Reserve II. 
 CONTINGENCIES 
 Legal Matters 
 TEP is party to a variety of legal actions arising out of the normal course of business. Plaintiffs occasionally seek punitive or exemplary damages. TEP believes such normal and routine litigation will not have a material impact on its operations or consolidated financial results. 
 Mine Reclamation at Generation Facilities Not Operated by TEP 
 TEP pays ongoing mine reclamation costs related to coal mines that supply generation facilities in which TEP has an ownership interest but does not operate. Amounts recorded for final mine reclamation costs are subject to various assumptions, such as: estimations of reclamation costs; timing of when final reclamation will occur; and the expected inflation rate. As these assumptions change, TEP prospectively adjusts the expense amounts for final reclamation over the remaining term of the respective coal supply agreement. TEP s PPFAC allows the pass-through of final mine reclamation costs to retail customers as a component of fuel costs. Therefore, TEP defers these expenses until recovered from customers by recording a regulatory asset and the reclamation liability over the remaining life of the respective coal supply agreements. TEP recovers the regulatory asset through the PPFAC as final mine reclamation costs are funded. After expiration of the related coal supply agreement, TEP records its share of any change in the estimate of its final mine reclamation liability to its regulatory asset and reclamation liability. 
 TEP is liable for a portion of final mine reclamation costs for the mines at Four Corners and San Juan. TEP s liability balance related to its share of final mine reclamation costs at Four Corners totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, and was recorded in Current Liabilities Other and Other Noncurrent Liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. TEP expects to accrue an additional million of final mine reclamation costs at Four Corners over the remaining term of the coal supply agreement, which expires in 2031. 
 TEP ceased operations at San Juan upon expiration of the coal supply agreement in 2022. In March 2024, TEP increased the San Juan final mine reclamation liability by million as a result of a new final mine reclamation study. TEP s remaining final mine reclamation liability at San Juan was million and million as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively, and was recorded in Current Liabilities Other and Other Noncurrent Liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. TEP established a trust to fund its share of estimated final mine reclamation costs at San Juan, which will remain in effect through the completion of final mine reclamation activities currently projected to be 2040. See Note 1 for additional information on restricted cash relating to TEP's share of final mine reclamation and decommissioning costs at San Juan. 
 Performance Guarantees 
 TEP has joint generation participation agreements with participants at Four Corners and Luna Generating Station (Luna), which expire in 2041 and 2046, respectively. The participants at Four Corners and Luna, including TEP, have guaranteed certain performance obligations. Specifically, in the event of payment default, each non-defaulting participant has agreed to bear its proportionate share of expenses otherwise payable by the defaulting participant. In exchange, the non-defaulting participants are entitled to receive their proportionate share of the generation capacity of the defaulting participant. There is maximum potential amount of future payments TEP could be required to make under the Luna guarantee. The maximum potential amount of future payments on the non-defaulting parties is million at Four Corners. As of September 30, 2024, there have been such payment defaults under either of the participation agreements. 
 The Navajo and San Juan participation agreements expired in 2019 and 2022, respectively, but certain performance obligations continue through the decommissioning of both generation facilities. In the case of a default under either participation agreement, the non-defaulting participants would seek financial recovery directly from the defaulting party. 
 Environmental Matters 
 TEP is subject to federal, state, and local environmental laws and regulations regarding air and water quality, renewable portfolio standards, emissions performance standards, climate change, coal combustion byproduct disposal, hazardous and solid waste disposal, protected species, and other environmental matters that have the potential to impact TEP's current and future operations. Environmental laws and regulations are subject to a range of interpretations, which may ultimately be resolved by the courts. Because these laws and regulations continue to evolve, TEP is unable to predict the impact of the changing laws and 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

NOTE 8. 
 Non-Service Cost (1) 
 Interest Cost Expected Return on Plan Assets ) ) ) Amortization of Net Loss Net Periodic Benefit Cost Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Service Cost Non-Service Cost (1) 
 Interest Cost Expected Return on Plan Assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of Net Loss Net Periodic Benefit Cost 
 (1) The non-service components of net periodic benefit cost are included in Other, Net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 CONTRIBUTIONS 
 TEP contributed million to the pension plans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. additional contributions are planned in 2024. 

NOTE 9. 
 financial instruments categorized as Level 3. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Restricted Cash (1) 
 Energy Derivative Contracts, Regulatory Recovery (2) 
 Energy Derivative Contracts, No Regulatory Recovery (2) 
 Total Assets Liabilities Energy Derivative Contracts, Regulatory Recovery (2) 
 ) ) Total Liabilities ) ) Total Assets (Liabilities), Net (in millions) December 31, 2023 Assets Restricted Cash (1) 
 Energy Derivative Contracts, Regulatory Recovery (2) 
 Energy Derivative Contracts, No Regulatory Recovery (2) 
 Total Assets Liabilities Energy Derivative Contracts, Regulatory Recovery (2) 
 ) ) Total Liabilities ) ) Total Assets (Liabilities), Net 
 (1) Cash Equivalents and Restricted Cash represent amounts held in money market funds, which approximate fair market value. Cash Equivalents are included in Cash and Cash Equivalents on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Restricted Cash is included in Investments and Other Property and in Current Assets Other on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Energy Derivative Contracts include gas swap agreements and forward power purchase and sale contracts entered into to reduce exposure to energy price risk. These contracts are included in Derivative Instruments on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 Derivative Liabilities Energy Derivative Contracts ) ) ) (in millions) December 31, 2023 Derivative Assets Energy Derivative Contracts Derivative Liabilities Energy Derivative Contracts ) ) ) 
 Energy Derivative Contracts, Regulatory Recovery 
 TEP enters into energy contracts that are considered derivatives and qualify for regulatory recovery. The realized gains and losses on these energy contracts are recovered through the PPFAC mechanism and the unrealized gains and losses are deferred as a regulatory asset or liability. ) 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 

 of any realized gains with retail customers through the PPFAC mechanism. 
 Derivative Volumes 
 As of September 30, 2024, TEP had energy contracts that will settle on various expiration dates through 2029. Gas Contracts BBtu 
 The fair value of all derivative instruments in net liability positions under contracts with credit risk-related contingent features, including contracts under the normal purchase normal sale exception, was million as of September 30, 2024, compared with million as of December 31, 2023. TEP had cash posted as collateral to provide credit enhancement as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. TEP would have been required to post million and million of collateral if the credit risk contingent features had been triggered on September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. TEP had million and million in outstanding net payable balances for settled positions as of September 30, 2024 , and December 31, 2023 , respectively. 
 FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS NOT CARRIED AT FAIR VALUE 
 The fair value of a financial instrument is the market price to sell an asset or transfer a liability at the measurement date. Due to the short-term nature of borrowings under revolving credit facilities approximating fair value, they have been excluded from the table below. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Concluded) 

NOTE 10. 
 
 NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS 
 Other significant non-cash investing and financing activities that resulted in recognition of assets and liabilities but did not result in cash receipts or payments were as follows: Nine Months Ended September 30, (in millions) 2024 2023 Accrued Capital Expenditures (1) 
 Renewable Energy Credits Asset Retirement Obligations Increase (Decrease) ) ) Net Cost of Removal Increase (Decrease) (2) 
 ) 
 (1) In 2024, primarily represents accrued capital expenditures related to Roadrunner Reserve I. 
 (2) Represents an accrual for future cost of retirement net of salvage values that does not impact earnings. In September 2023, the Net Cost of Removal reserve was rebalanced as part of the 2023 Rate Order. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis explains the results of operations, the financial condition, and the outlook for TEP. It includes the following: 
 outlook and strategies; 
 factors affecting results of operations; 
 results of operations; 
 liquidity and capital resources, including capital expenditures, income tax position, and environmental matters; 
 critical accounting estimates; and 
 new accounting standards issued and not yet adopted. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis includes financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis should be read in conjunction with the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and Notes in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. For information on factors that may cause our actual future results to differ from those we currently anticipate, see Forward-Looking Information at the front of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Risk Factors in Part 1, Item 1A of our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K, and in Part II, Item 1A of this Form Quarterly Report on 10-Q. 
 References in Management's Discussion and Analysis to "we," "our," and "us" are to TEP. 

OUTLOOK AND STRATEGIES 
 Our financial performance and outlook are affected by many factors, including: (i) global, national, regional, and local economic conditions; (ii) volatility in the financial markets; (iii) environmental laws, regulations, and policies; and (iv) other regulatory and legislative actions. Our plans and strategies include: 
 Achieving constructive outcomes in our regulatory proceedings that will provide us: (i) recovery of our full cost of service and an opportunity to earn an appropriate return on our rate base investments; and (ii) updated rates that provide more accurate price signals and a more equitable allocation of costs to our customers. 
 Continuing our transition to a less carbon-intensive energy portfolio, while providing reliability and rate stability for our customers, mitigating environmental impacts, complying with regulatory requirements, leveraging and improving our existing utility infrastructure, and maintaining financial strength. In 2023, we announced our aspirational goal of net zero direct GHG emissions by 2050. The goal keeps us on pace to reduce carbon emissions by 80 compared to 2005 by 2035. The establishment of this additional target reinforces our commitment to decarbonize over the long-term, while preserving customer reliability and affordability. These goals may be impacted by various federal and state energy policies, including policies currently under consideration, and other external factors, including new customer growth. 
 Focusing on our core utility business through operational excellence, promoting economic development in our service territory, investing in infrastructure to ensure reliable service, and maintaining a strong community presence. 
 Performance - The third quarter of 2024 compared with the third quarter of 2023 
 We reported net income of 140 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared with net income of 128 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase of 12 million, or 9 , was primarily due to (net of tax): 
 18 million in higher margin from retail revenue primarily due to an increase in rates as approved in the 2023 Rate Order; 
 3 million increase due to changes in the value of investments used to support certain post-employment benefits as a result of favorable market conditions; 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 3 million in lower income tax expense primarily due to an increase in tax credits primarily related to Oso Grande PTCs; and 
 3 million in higher AFUDC due to an increase in eligible construction expenditures; 
 The increase was partially offset by: 
 7 million in higher base operations and maintenance expenses primarily due to an increase in employee wages and benefits expenses, outside services expenses, and higher operations and maintenance expenses at our generation facilities; 
 4 million in higher depreciation expense primarily due to an increase in depreciation rates as approved in the 2023 Rate Order; and 
 3 million in higher interest expense primarily due to the issuance of debt in August 2024. 
 Performance - The first nine months of 2024 compared with the first nine months of 2023 
 We reported net income of 262 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared with net income of 223 million in the first nine months of 2023. The increase of 39 million, or 17 , was primarily due to (net of tax): 
 57 million in higher margin from retail revenue primarily due to an increase in rates as approved in the 2023 Rate Order; partially offset by lower LFCR revenues; 
 8 million in higher AFUDC due to an increase in eligible construction expenditures; and 
 6 million in higher margin from wholesale transactions primarily due to an increase in revenues realized from wholesale trading as defined in the PPFAC plan of administration; partially offset by a decrease in long-term wholesale volumes due to less favorable market conditions and the expiration of certain contracts. 
 The increase was partially offset by: 
 16 million in higher depreciation expense primarily due an increase in depreciation rates as approved in the 2023 Rate Order; 
 10 million in higher base operations and maintenance expenses primarily due to an increase in employee wages and benefits expenses and an increase in outside services expenses; partially offset by lower operations and maintenance expenses at our generation facilities; 
 4 million in lower margin from transmission revenue primarily due to a regulatory decision approving a credit to retail customers for certain transmission revenue beginning in December 2023; partially offset by an increase in TEP's transmission formula rate revenue requirement; and 
 3 million in higher interest expense primarily due to the issuance of debt in August 2024. 

FACTORS AFFECTING RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Several factors affect our current and future results of operations. The most significant factors are related to regulatory matters, generation resource strategy, and sales growth and seasonality. 
 Regulatory Matters 
 We are subject to comprehensive regulation. The discussion below contains material developments in those matters. 
 2023 Rate Order 
 In August 2023, the ACC issued a rate order for new rates that took effect September 1, 2023. Provisions of the 2023 Rate Order include, but are not limited to: 
 a non-fuel retail revenue increase of 100 million over test year non-fuel retail revenues; 
 a 6.93 return on original cost rate base of 3.6 billion, which includes a return on equity of 9.55 and an average cost of debt of 3.82 ; and 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 approval to recover costs of changes in generation resources, including the addition of Oso Grande, in rates. 
 Roadrunner Reserve I Application for Accounting Order 
 On October 10, 2024, we filed an application with the ACC for an accounting order requesting authorization to defer for future recovery certain costs associated with owning, operating, and maintaining Roadrunner Reserve I, offset by future benefits associated with investment tax credits. We cannot predict the timing or outcome of this application. 
 Generation Resource Strategy 
 Our long-term resource planning strategy is to continue our transition to a less carbon-intensive energy portfolio by expanding renewable energy, energy storage, and natural gas resources while reducing reliance on coal-fired generation resources. In 2023, we filed our 2023 IRP with the ACC, which outlines our plan to expand our clean energy portfolio to support anticipated growth and maintain affordable, reliable service as we work towards a new aspirational goal of net zero direct GHG emissions by 2050. The new goal keeps us on pace to reduce our carbon emissions by 80 compared to 2005 by 2035. 
 As a result of our 2022 All-Source Request for Proposal (ASRFP), we entered into: 
 an EPC agreement in September 2023 to develop Roadrunner Reserve I. Roadrunner Reserve I will be a standalone BESS facility with a nominal capacity rating of 200 MW and energy capacity of 800 MWh with an anticipated in-service date in 2025; 
 a renewable PPA in January 2024 with Wilmot Energy Center II (Wilmot II). Wilmot II will have 100 MW of solar capacity accompanied by 100 MW of battery storage with energy capacity of 400 MWh, with an anticipated in-service date in 2026; and 
 a renewable PPA in April 2024 with Winchester Solar I, LLC (Winchester). Winchester will have 80 MW of solar capacity accompanied by 80 MW of battery storage with energy capacity of 320 MWh, with an anticipated in-service date in 2027. 
 In December 2023, we issued another ASRFP (2024 ASRFP) based on the resource needs outlined in our 2023 IRP targeting in-service dates of 2026 through 2027. As a result of our 2024 ASRFP, we entered into an EPC agreement in August 2024 to develop Roadrunner Reserve II. Roadrunner Reserve II will be a standalone BESS facility with a nominal capacity rating of 200 MW and energy capacity of 800 MWh with an anticipated in-service date in the second half of 2026. See Note 7 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information related to the EPC agreement. 
 Our existing coal-fired generation fleet faces a number of uncertainties affecting the viability of continued operations, including changing state and federal law and energy policies, competition from other resources, fuel supply and land lease contract extensions, environmental regulations and policies, and, for jointly-owned facilities, the willingness of other owners to continue their participation. Given this uncertainty, we expect to exit all ownership interests in coal-fired generation facilities by 2032. We will seek regulatory recovery for amounts, if any, that would not otherwise be recovered as a result of these actions. The execution of our 2023 IRP is dependent on obtaining regulatory recovery in future rate proceedings. On October 21, 2024, the ACC acknowledged TEP's IRP and found it to be reasonable and in the public interest. 
 Oso Grande 
 Production Tax Credits 
 PTCs are per kWh federal tax credits earned for electricity generated using qualified energy resources, which can be claimed for a 10-year period once a qualifying facility is placed in service. In May 2021, Oso Grande, a qualified energy resource, was placed in service. While costs associated with operating the facility are recorded throughout the year, PTCs are recognized through the effective tax rate provision and are primarily recognized in the third quarter due to weather patterns that contribute to seasonal fluctuations in taxable earnings. We recorded approximately 10 million and 20 million in PTCs related to Oso Grande for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 7 million and 16 million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. The PTC rate published by the IRS for electricity produced by a qualified facility using wind placed in service prior to 2022 is 0.029 for 2024 and was 0.028 for 2023. 
 Electricity generated from Oso Grande depends heavily on wind conditions. If such conditions vary from our estimates, or if any operational constraints exist, the project's electricity generation and associated PTCs may be substantially different compared to prior periods. As of September 1, 2023, Oso Grande is included in rates as part of the 2023 Rate Order. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 Sales Growth and Seasonality 
 Our average retail sales growth has remained relatively flat over the past three years. Recently, we have experienced unprecedented interest from potential new large retail customers in the manufacturing, data center, and mining sectors with significant energy demands. This interest could result in a significant increase in retail sales growth compared to our historical averages. In addition, a significant increase in energy demand could require additions to our generation fleet above what is reflected in our 2023 IRP, as well as higher transmission and distribution infrastructure investments. We are analyzing the requests and cannot predict the quantity or timing of the energy demand that may result from the current interest received. 
 Weather Patterns 
 Changing weather patterns and other factors cause seasonal fluctuations in sales of power. Our retail sales are highest in the second and third quarter of the year when cooling demand is higher, which results in higher revenue during this period. By contrast, lower sales of power occur during the first and fourth quarters of the year, due to mild winter weather in our retail service territory. Our operating costs are generally consistent throughout the year which produces higher operating income in the second and third quarter and lower operating income in the first and fourth quarter. As a result, seasonal fluctuations affect the comparability of our results of operations. 
 Interest Rates 
 See Part II, Item 7A in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K and Part I, Item 3 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information regarding interest rate risk and its impact on earnings. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Significant drivers of our results of operations that do not have a significant impact on net income include: 
 Cost Recovery Mechanisms We record operating revenue related to cost recovery mechanisms that allow for more timely recovery of fuel and purchased power costs and certain operations and maintenance costs between rate case proceedings. These mechanisms, which include PPFAC, the RES tariff, and DSM, are generally reset annually through separate filings with the ACC. See Note 2 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information on cost recovery mechanisms. 
 Short-Term Wholesale Sales Revenues related to short-term wholesale sales are primarily related to ACC jurisdictional generation assets and are returned to retail customers by offsetting revenues against fuel and purchased power costs eligible for recovery through the PPFAC mechanism. 
 Springerville Units 3 and 4 Operations and maintenance expenses related to Springerville Units 3 and 4 are reimbursed by Tri-State Generation and Transmission Association, Inc, the lessee of Springerville Unit 3, and SRP, the owner of Springerville Unit 4, through participant billings recorded in Operating Revenues on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income. 
 The following discussion provides the significant items that affected our results of operations in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 presented on a pre-tax basis. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Revenues 
 The following table provides a disaggregation of Operating Revenues: Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) (in millions) 2024 2023 Percent 2024 2023 Percent Operating Revenues Retail 436 445 (2.0) 1,052 975 7.9 Wholesale, Short-Term (1) 
 45 73 (38.4) 156 209 (25.4) Wholesale, Long-Term 13 18 (27.8) 44 60 (26.7) Transmission 15 14 7.1 41 43 (4.7) Springerville Units 3 and 4 Participant Billings 21 21 80 84 (4.8) Other 22 22 61 76 (19.7) Total Operating Revenues 552 593 (6.9) 1,434 1,447 (0.9) 
 (1) Includes revenue realized from wholesale trading as defined in the PPFAC plan of administration. We share 10 of any realized gains on trading transactions with retail customers through the PPFAC mechanism. 
 We reported Operating Revenues of 552 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared with 593 million in the same period for 2023. The decrease of 41 million, or 7 , was primarily due to: 
 28 million in lower short-term wholesale revenues primarily due to a decrease in price and volume; 
 9 million in lower retail revenue primarily due to (i) lower PPFAC cost recoveries as a result of a decrease in the PPFAC rate; and (ii) lower usage as a result of less favorable weather; partially offset by an increase in rates as approved in the 2023 Rate Order; and 
 5 million in lower long-term wholesale revenues primarily due to a decrease in volumes due to less favorable market conditions and the expiration of certain contracts. 
 We reported Operating Revenues of 1,434 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared with 1,447 million in the same period for 2023. The decrease of 13 million, or 1 , was primarily due to: 
 53 million in lower short-term wholesale revenues primarily due to a decrease in price; partially offset by an increase in revenue realized from wholesale trading as defined in the PPFAC plan of administration; 
 16 million in lower long-term wholesale revenues primarily due to a decrease in volume due to less favorable market conditions and the expiration of certain contracts; 
 15 million in lower other revenue primarily due to the expiration of an asset management agreement and lower alternative revenues; and 
 4 million in lower Springerville Units 3 and 4 participant billings primarily due to higher reimbursable planned outage costs in 2023. 
 The decrease was partially offset by 77 million in higher retail revenues primarily due to (i) an increase in rates as approved in the 2023 Rate Order; and (ii) higher PPFAC cost recoveries as a result of an increase in the PPFAC rate. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 The following table provides key statistics impacting Operating Revenues: Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) (kWh in millions) 2024 2023 Percent 2024 2023 Percent Electric Sales (kWh) (1) 
 Retail Sales 2,988 3,053 (2.1) 7,013 7,037 (0.3) Wholesale, Long-Term 226 300 (24.7) 740 1,031 (28.2) Wholesale, Short-Term 1,162 1,375 (15.5) 3,940 3,416 15.3 Total Electric Sales 4,376 4,728 (7.4) 11,693 11,484 1.8 Average Revenue per kWh (2) 
 Retail 14.60 14.55 0.3 15.00 13.85 8.3 Wholesale, Long-Term 6.08 6.32 (3.8) 6.00 5.87 2.2 Wholesale, Short-Term 3.87 5.18 (25.3) 3.26 5.58 (41.6) Total Retail Customers (3) 
 451,072 445,952 1.1 
 (1) These numbers represent the kWh sold to retail, long-term wholesale, and short-term wholesale customers. Management uses kWh sold to retail and wholesale customers to monitor electricity usage. 
 (2) This metric represents the cents earned per kWh for retail and wholesale revenue. This number is calculated as revenue, excluding revenue realized from wholesale trading as defined in the PPFAC plan of administration, divided by Electric Sales (kWh) for each respective revenue class. Management uses this metric to monitor retail and wholesale rates. 
 (3) This number represents the total retail customer count across all customer classes including residential, commercial, industrial (mining and non-mining), and other. The customer count is based on the number of active service agreements at the end of each period. Management uses this count to monitor the growth of retail customers. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Fuel and Purchased Power Expense 
 We reported Fuel and Purchased Power expense of 188 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared with 243 million in the same period for 2023. The decrease of 55 million, or 23 , was primarily due to: 
 47 million in lower Purchased Power expenses primarily due to a decrease in price and volume; 
 15 million in lower Fuel expenses primarily due to a decrease in natural gas prices; partially offset by: (i) higher realized losses on natural gas swaps; (ii) an increase in coal prices; and (iii) an increase in Gas-Fired Generation volumes; and 
 11 million in lower Transmission and Other PPFAC Recoverable Costs primarily due to a decrease in transmission service expenses. 
 The decrease was partially offset by an 18 million increase in PPFAC Recovery Treatment primarily due to a decrease in PPFAC eligible costs deferred as a regulatory asset for future recovery; partially offset by a decrease in PPFAC cost recoveries. 
 We reported Fuel and Purchased Power expense of 511 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared with 582 million for the same period for 2023. The decrease of 71 million, or 12 , was primarily due to: 
 77 million in lower Purchased Power expenses primarily due to a decrease in price and volume; 
 39 million in lower Fuel expenses primarily due to a decrease in natural gas prices; partially offset by: (i) higher realized losses on natural gas swaps; (ii) an increase in coal prices; and (iii) an increase in Gas-Fired Generation volumes; and 
 9 million in lower Transmission and Other PPFAC Recoverable Costs primarily due to a decrease in transmission service expenses. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 The decrease was partially offset by a 55 million increase in PPFAC Recovery Treatment primarily due to a decrease in PPFAC eligible costs deferred as a regulatory asset for future recovery and an increase in PPFAC cost recoveries. 
 The following table provides key statistics impacting Fuel and Purchased Power: Three Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) (kWh in millions) 2024 2023 Percent 2024 2023 Percent Sources of Energy Coal-Fired Generation 933 1,099 (15.1) 2,512 2,674 (6.1) Gas-Fired Generation 2,696 2,373 13.6 6,686 5,788 15.5 Utility-Owned Renewable Generation 181 148 22.3 595 571 4.2 Total Generation 3,810 3,620 5.2 9,793 9,033 8.4 Purchased Power, Non-Renewable 423 1,040 (59.3) 1,276 1,830 (30.3) Purchased Power, Renewable 326 311 4.8 1,047 1,085 (3.5) Total Generation and Purchased Power (1) 
 4,559 4,971 (8.3) 12,116 11,948 1.4 
 (cents per kWh) Average Fuel Cost of Generated Power (2) 
 Coal (3) 
 4.02 3.06 31.4 4.42 3.04 45.4 Natural Gas (4) 
 1.97 2.70 (27.0) 2.13 3.48 (38.8) Average Cost of Purchased Power (5) 
 Purchased Power, Non-Renewable 7.11 8.49 (16.3) 3.09 7.15 (56.8) Purchased Power, Renewable 6.82 6.79 0.4 6.91 6.73 2.7 
 (1) This number represents the kWh generated from our generating stations including coal-fired, gas-fired, and renewable generation, combined with the kWh of purchased power from both renewable and non-renewable sources. Management uses this number to monitor the performance of each energy source. 
 (2) This metric represents the fuel cost as cents per kWh for coal and natural gas generated power. This number is calculated as fuel cost divided by Total Generation (kWh) for each respective generation source. Management uses this metric to monitor rates and pricing as well as analyze the performance of generation facilities. 
 (3) In 2024, coal prices increased due to the execution of a coal supply agreement for Springerville Units 1 and 2 through 2031. 
 (4) Includes realized gains and losses from hedging activity. 
 (5) This metric represents cost as cents per kWh for renewable and non-renewable purchased power. This number is calculated as purchased power cost divided by Purchased Power (kWh) for each respective form of purchased power. Management uses this metric to compare and monitor the costs of renewable and non-renewable purchased power. 
 Operations and Maintenance Expense 
 We reported Operations and Maintenance expense of 106 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared with 104 million in the same period for 2023. The increase of 2 million, or 2 , was primarily due to: 
 3 million in higher employee wages and benefits expenses; 
 3 million in higher outside services expenses; and 
 2 million in higher operations and maintenance expenses at our generation facilities. 
 The increase was partially offset by: 
 4 million in lower RES and DSM expenses; and 
 2 million in lower reimbursable maintenance expense related to Springerville Units 3 and 4 primarily due to higher planned outage costs in 2023. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 We reported Operations and Maintenance expense of 330 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared with 332 million for the same period for 2023. The decrease of 2 million, or 1 , was primarily due to: 
 7 million in lower RES and DSM expenses; 
 6 million in lower reimbursable maintenance expense related to Springerville Units 3 and 4 primarily due to higher planned outage costs in 2023; and 
 2 million in lower operations and maintenance expenses at our generation facilities. 
 The decrease was partially offset by: 
 7 million in higher employee wages and benefits expenses; and 
 6 million in higher outside services expenses. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expense 
 We reported Depreciation and Amortization expense of 64 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared with 59 million in the same period for 2023. The increase of 5 million, or 8 , was primarily due to an increase in depreciation rates as approved in the 2023 Rate Order. 
 We reported Depreciation and Amortization expense of 192 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared with 173 million for the same period for 2023. The increase of 19 million, or 11 , was primarily due to an increase in depreciation rates as approved in the 2023 Rate Order. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 We reported Other Expense of 15 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared with 18 million in the same period for 2023. The decrease of 3 million, or 17 , was primarily due to 
 4 million in higher AFUDC due to an increase in eligible construction expenditures; and 
 3 million increase in the value of investments used to support certain post-employment benefits as a result of favorable market conditions. 
 The decrease was partially offset by 3 million in higher interest expense due to the issuance of debt in August 2024. 
 We reported Other Expense of 46 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared with 50 million for the same period for 2023 . The decrease of 4 million, or 8 , was primarily due to 10 million in higher AFUDC due to an increase in eligible construction expenditures; partially offset by 4 million in lower interest income on under-recovered PPFAC balances. 
 Income Tax Expense 
 We reported Income Tax Expense of 21 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared with 23 million in the same period for 2023. The decrease of 2 million, or 9 , was primarily due to 3 million in higher tax credits related to Oso Grande PTCs. 
 We reported Income Tax Expense of 39 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared with 36 million for the same period for 2023. The increase of 3 million, or 8 , was primarily due to 11 million in higher tax expense due to an increase in taxable earnings; the increase was partially offset by 4 million in higher tax credits related to Oso Grande PTCs. 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Liquidity 
 Any extended period of economic disruption could affect our business, financial condition, and access to sources of liquidity. Cash flows vary during the year with cash flows from operations typically being the lowest in the first quarter of the year and highest in the third quarter due to our summer peaking load. We face market risks associated with fluctuations in commodity prices, which can temporarily affect our cash flows prior to recovery through regulatory mechanisms. We cannot project the future level of commodity prices or their volatility. We use our revolving credit as needed to fund our business activities. We believe that we have sufficient liquidity under the 2021 Credit Agreement to meet short-term working capital needs and to provide credit enhancement as necessary under energy procurement and hedging agreements. The availability and terms under which we have access to external financing depend on a variety of factors, including our credit ratings and conditions in the bank and capital markets. 
 Available Liquidity (in millions) September 30, 2024 Cash and Cash Equivalents 354 Amount Available under Revolving Credit Agreement (1) 
 250 Total Liquidity 604 
 (1) The 2021 Credit Agreement provides for 250 million of revolving credit commitments with swingline and LOC sublimits of 15 million and 50 million, respectively, and an original maturity date of October 2026. In October 2024, the maturity date was extended one year to October 2027. See Access to Credit below. 
 Future Liquidity Requirements 
 We expect to meet all of our short-term and long-term financial obligations and other anticipated cash outflows for the foreseeable future. These obligations and anticipated cash outflows include but are not limited to: (i) dividend payments; (ii) debt maturities; (iii) employee benefit obligations; and (iv) known commitments and other contractual obligations including forecasted capital expenditures. 
 See Part I, Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information regarding our market risks. 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 The table below presents net cash provided by (used for) operating, investing, and financing activities: Nine Months Ended September 30, Increase (Decrease) (in millions) 2024 2023 Percent Operating Activities (1) 
 530 428 23.8 Investing Activities (1) 
 (505) (388) 30.2 Financing Activities (1) 
 313 80 291.3 Net Increase (Decrease) 338 120 181.7 Beginning of Period 43 51 (15.7) End of Period 381 171 122.8 
 (1) Calculated on rounded data and may not correspond exactly to amounts on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash flows provided by operating activities increased by 102 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared with the same period in 2023. The increase was primarily due to: (i) higher retail revenue primarily due to an increase in rates as approved in the 2023 Rate Order; and (ii) higher PPFAC cost recoveries as a result of an increase in the PPFAC rate. The increase was partially offset by changes in working capital associated with wholesale sales. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash flows used for investing activities increased by 117 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 primarily due to an increase in cash paid for capital expenditures. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Financing Activities 
 Net cash flows provided by financing activities increased by 233 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 primarily due to no redemptions of long-term debt in 2024; partially offset by an increase in dividends declared and paid to UNS Energy. 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 Short-Term Investments 
 Our short-term investment policy governs the investment of excess cash balances. We periodically review and update this policy in response to market conditions. As of September 30, 2024, our short-term investments were deposited in insured cash sweep, interest-bearing checking, and money market accounts. 
 Access to Credit 
 We have access to working capital through our credit agreement with lenders. Amounts borrowed from the 2021 Credit Agreement are used for working capital and other general corporate purposes. LOCs will be issued from time to time to support energy procurement, hedging transactions, and other business activities. As of November 4, 2024, there was 238 million available under the 2021 Credit Agreement. 
 See Note 6 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K for additional information regarding our 2021 Credit Agreement. 
 Debt Financing 
 We use debt financing to meet a portion of our capital needs and lower our overall cost of capital. Our cost of capital is also affected by our credit ratings. In December 2020, the ACC issued an order granting our financing authority that took effect January 1, 2021. The order provides authority through December 2025 for: (i) a maximum amount of long-term debt outstanding not to exceed 2.9 billion; (ii) parent equity contributions up to 700 million; and (iii) credit facilities not to exceed 300 million in the aggregate. In May 2022, we filed with the SEC an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 which expires in May 2025. 
 We have, from time to time, refinanced or repurchased portions of our outstanding debt before scheduled maturity. Depending on market conditions, we may refinance or repurchase additional outstanding debt before its scheduled maturity. 
 
 In August 2024, we issued and sold 400 million aggregate principal amount of 5.20 senior unsecured notes due September 2034. We plan to use the net proceeds to repay debt and for general corporate purposes. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 300 million of long-term debt maturing on March 15, 2025, recorded in Current Maturities of Long-Term Debt, Net on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. On November 1, 2024, we issued a revocable notice to redeem at par on December 16, 2024, 300 million aggregate principal amount of our 3.05 senior unsecured notes. 
 Credit Ratings 
 Credit ratings affect our access to capital markets and supplemental bank financing. As of September 30, 2024, credit ratings from S P Global Ratings and Moody s Investors Service for our senior unsecured debt were A- (negative) and A3 (stable), respectively. 
 Our credit ratings depend on a number of factors, both quantitative and qualitative, and are subject to change at any time. The disclosure of these credit ratings is not a recommendation to buy, sell, or hold our securities. Each rating should be evaluated independently of any other ratings. 
 The 2021 Credit Agreement contains pricing based on our credit ratings. A change in our credit ratings can cause an increase or decrease in the amount of interest we pay on our borrowings and the amount of fees we pay for LOCs and unused commitments. 
 Debt Covenants 
 Under certain agreements, should we fail to maintain compliance with covenants, lenders could accelerate the maturity of all amounts outstanding. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with these covenants. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 We do not have any provisions in any of our debt agreements that would cause an event of default or cause amounts to become due and payable in the event of a credit rating downgrade. 
 Contributions from Parent 
 We received no equity contributions from UNS Energy in the third quarter or first nine months of 2024. We received no equity contributions from UNS Energy in the third quarter of 2023 and received an equity contribution of 6 million in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Dividends Declared and Paid to Parent 
 We declared and paid 85 million in dividends to UNS Energy in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024. We did not declare or pay dividends to UNS Energy in the third quarter of 2023, and we declared and paid 55 million in dividends to UNS Energy in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Master Trading Agreements 
 We conduct our wholesale marketing and risk management activities under certain master trading agreements. Under these agreements, we may be required to post credit enhancements in the form of cash or LOCs due to exposures exceeding unsecured credit limits established for us based on changes in: (i) contract values; (ii) our credit ratings; or (iii) material changes in our creditworthiness. As of September 30, 2024, we had no cash posted as collateral to provide credit enhancement related to our wholesale marketing or risk management activities. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Our routine capital expenditures include funds used for customer growth, system reinforcement, replacements and betterments, and costs to comply with environmental rules and regulations. We prioritize capital projects to mitigate supply chain risk particularly in view of heightened geopolitical instability and global supply chain challenges. Capital expenditures for the first nine months of 2024 totaled 460 million and included: (i) investments in distribution and transmission assets, including payments for the construction of the Vail to Tortolita 230kV transmission line; and (ii) investments in Roadrunner Reserve I and II. Capital expenditures for the first nine months of 2023 totaled 345 million and included: (i) investments in distribution and transmission assets, including payments for the construction of the Vail to Tortolita 230kV transmission line; and (ii) investments in Roadrunner Reserve I. 
 Our forecasted capital expenditures presented below exclude amounts for AFUDC equity and other non-cash items: 
 Years Ended December 31, (in millions) 2024 2025 2026 2027 2028 Generation Facilities: New Energy Resources (1) 
 318 240 43 124 134 Other Generation Facilities (2) 
 68 116 234 285 300 Total Generation Facilities 386 356 277 409 434 Transmission and Distribution (3) 
 317 361 304 272 234 General and Other (4) 
 76 73 80 61 63 Total Capital Expenditures 779 790 661 742 731 
 (1) Includes investments in renewable energy, Roadrunner Reserve I and II in alignment with our long-term strategy of transitioning to a less carbon intensive energy portfolio. In August 2024, TEP entered into an EPC agreement to develop Roadrunner Reserve II at a cost of 268 million. See Note 7 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for additional information on the EPC agreement. 
 (2) Includes investments in existing facilities, including upgrades and ongoing maintenance to ensure reliability. 
 (3) Investments in transmission capacity and distribution system reliability. 
 (4) Includes costs for information technology, fleet, facilities, and communication equipment. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 These estimates are subject to continuing review and adjustment. Actual capital expenditures may differ from these estimates due to fluctuations in business and market conditions, including inflationary pressures, construction schedules, labor shortages and/or labor strikes, possible early plant closures, changes in generation resources, environmental requirements, state or federal regulations, new or changing commitments, and other factors. We expect to pay for forecasted capital expenditures with internally generated funds and external financings, which may include issuances of long-term debt, other borrowings, or equity contributions. 
 Income Tax Position 
 Under the terms of the tax sharing agreement with UNS Energy, we made 9 million in tax sharing payments for the first nine months of 2024 and received 1 million in tax sharing payments for the first nine months of 2023. Future tax payments or receipts are subject to change and are not expected to have a significant impact on our operating cash flows. 
 
 Environmental Matters 
 The EPA has the authority to regulate the amount of sulfur dioxide (SO 2 ), nitrogen oxides (NO x ), carbon dioxide (CO 2 ), particulate matter, mercury and other by-products produced by generation facilities. We may incur additional costs to comply with future changes in federal and state environmental laws, regulations, and permit requirements at our generation facilities. Environmental laws and regulations are subject to a range of interpretations, which may ultimately be resolved by the courts. Because these laws and regulations continue to evolve, we are unable to predict the impact they may have on our operations and consolidated financial results. Complying with these changes may reduce operating efficiency and increase capital and operating costs. We expect recovery of the costs of environmental compliance through cost recovery mechanisms and Retail Rates. 
 Regional Haze Regulations 
 The EPA's Regional Haze rule requires emission reductions from certain industrial facilities emitting air pollutants that reduce visibility in national parks and wilderness areas (Regional Haze). The rule calls for states to establish goals and emission reduction strategies for improving visibility in these areas. States must submit these goals and strategies to the EPA for approval in the form of a SIP and must review and submit revisions to the SIP on a periodic basis. 
 In December 2016, the EPA signed a final rule that, among other things, changed the submittal date for the next Regional Haze SIP revisions from 2018 to 2021. The ADEQ began to develop a control strategy with a focus on making reasonable progress toward the national visibility goal. In July 2019, we were notified by the ADEQ that Sundt Unit 3 and Springerville Units 1 and 2 had been selected for potential emissions controls evaluations. We conducted the potential emissions controls evaluations, commonly referred to as the four factor analysis, for the three units. These evaluations were submitted to the ADEQ in March 2020 and compliance measures for the three units were included in the revised SIP. 
 In May 2024, the EPA published a proposed rule to partially approve and partially disapprove the ADEQ s Regional Haze SIP revision. The EPA proposed to disapprove ADEQ s control strategy in the revised SIP, which relies, in part, on the compliance measures for Sundt Unit 3 and Springerville Units 1 and 2. The EPA also requested further evaluation of Sundt Unit 4. In the event that the EPA finalizes the rule as proposed, the ADEQ has the opportunity to respond to the EPA and cure the deficiencies. In the alternative, the EPA will issue a federal implementation plan (FIP) that may contain EPA-required compliance measures for these units at Sundt and Springerville. The EPA must take final action on Arizona's Regional Haze SIP Revision by March 30, 2025, per consent decree entered in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia. 
 The public comment period for the proposal closed in July 2024. We cannot predict the outcome of this matter. 
 Greenhouse Gas Regulation 
 On May 9, 2024, the EPA published final rules to regulate GHG emissions from two categories of fossil-based electric generating units (EGUs): (i) existing steam units (including coal- and natural gas-fired); and (ii) new natural gas fired turbines. The EPA did not take final action on existing natural gas-fired combustion turbines but has indicated that it plans to issue a supplemental proposal to address these units by the end of 2024. 
 The final rule established: 
 Emission guidelines for existing coal-fired steam EGUs, which are subcategorized based on federally enforceable retirement dates. These emission guidelines affect Springerville Units 1 and 2, as well as Four Corners Units 4 and 5; 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Emission guidelines for existing natural gas- and oil-fired steam EGUs aligned with routine methods of operation and maintenance, which are subcategorized based on the annual capacity factor of each unit beginning January 1, 2030. These emission guidelines affect Sundt Units 3 and 4. 
 A requirement for states to establish standards of performance that align with the emission guidelines, in the form of emission limits. States must submit these standards of performance to the EPA for approval in the form of a state plan, which is due to the EPA in May 2026; and 
 New source performance standards for new stationary natural gas-fired combustion turbines, which are subcategorized based on the annual capacity factor for each unit. For base load units (i.e., units with an annual capacity factor greater than 40 ), the EPA established a two-phased performance standard. For phase 1, new base load units must initially meet performance standards based on the use of highly efficient combined cycle generation with the best operating and maintenance practices. For phase 2, the final rule requires that such base load units achieve emissions reductions aligned with a 90 carbon capture and sequestration (CCS) rate beginning on January 1, 2032. 
 We are analyzing the EPA's final rule. Various legal challenges to the final rule are pending before the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. We cannot predict the outcome of this matter. 
 Coal Combustion Residuals Regulation 
 In April 2015, the EPA published final rules effective October 2015 (2015 CCR Rule), which established technical requirements for CCR landfills and surface impoundments under subtitle D of the Resource Conservation and Recovery Act. The 2015 CCR Rule provides for the safe disposal of coal ash from coal-fired generation facilities, including among other things, inspection, monitoring, recordkeeping, and reporting requirements. We currently dispose of CCR in an ash landfill located at Springerville. Arizona Public Service Company, the operator of Four Corners, currently disposes of CCR in ash ponds and dry storage areas located at the facility. SRP, the former operator of Navajo, is completing closure activities at the facility's CCR landfill. With regards to future corrective actions at Four Corners to comply with the 2015 CCR Rule, our share of costs to complete any corrective actions, or to gather and perform remedial evaluations on groundwater at Units 4 and 5, is not expected to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows 
 On May 8, 2024, the EPA published the final Legacy CCR Surface Impoundments Rule that expands the scope of the 2015 CCR Rule to address the impacts from historical CCR management and placement activities that would have ceased prior to 2015. The EPA rule establishes two new categories of federally regulated CCR: (i) legacy surface impoundments, which are inactive surface impoundments at inactive facilities that no longer receive CCR but contained both CCR and liquids on or after October 19, 2015; and (ii) CCR Management Units (CCRMUs) which broadly encompass any location at an operating coal-fired generation facility where CCR would have been placed on land. A CCRMU includes not only historically closed landfills and surface impoundments, but also prior applications of CCR on land, such as for structural fill. The final rule also establishes assessment, groundwater monitoring, closure, and post-closure requirements for legacy CCR impoundments and CCRMUs. 
 We are analyzing the EPA's final rule for potential impacts to our operations. We anticipate that CCRMUs will be identified at Springerville and Four Corners. The number, location, and size of these CCRMUs will be assessed in accordance with the compliance schedule outlined in the EPA's final rule; therefore, associated compliance costs cannot be accurately predicted at this time. SRP identified CCRMUs at Navajo. Our estimated cost to comply with the EPA's final rule at Navajo is not expected to have a significant impact on our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 Good Neighbor Federal Implementation Plan 
 In September 2018, the ADEQ submitted to the EPA the Arizona State Implementation Plan Revision to address the interstate transport of ozone (Arizona Ozone Transport SIP Revision) under the 2015 ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard (NAAQS). In June 2022, the EPA proposed to approve the Arizona Ozone Transport SIP Revision, finding that it contained adequate provisions to prohibit emissions that will significantly contribute to nonattainment or interference with maintenance of the 2015 ozone NAAQS in other states. 
 In March 2023, the EPA released its final FIP to address the interstate transport of ozone (Good Neighbor FIP). The Good Neighbor FIP was published in the Federal Register in June 2023, with an effective date of August 4, 2023. The Good Neighbor FIP establishes requirements for those states where the EPA disapproved Ozone Transport SIP Revisions in whole or part. The Good Neighbor FIP requires NO x emission reductions from fossil-fueled generation facilities. The EPA provided an updated analysis in the Good Neighbor FIP that suggested Arizona may be significantly contributing to one or more nonattainment or maintenance receptors and that a separate action for Arizona was forthcoming. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 In February 2024, the EPA published a proposed supplemental Good Neighbor rulemaking proposing to partially approve and partially disapprove the Arizona Ozone Transport SIP Revision and to expand the coverage of the Good Neighbor FIP to include Arizona. Arizona s inclusion under the Good Neighbor FIP would subject certain of our fossil-fueled generation facilities to NO x emission reduction requirements. The EPA must take final action on Arizona s Ozone Transport SIP Revision by November 26, 2024, per consent decree entered in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California. 
 On June 27, 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court granted a stay of the Good Neighbor FIP pending the disposition of the petitions for review of the Good Neighbor FIP currently pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. On September 12, 2024, the U.S Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit Court granted the EPA's request to remand the Good Neighbor FIP rulemaking record and further respond to comments related to the issues addressed in the U.S. Supreme Court's stay. We cannot predict the outcome of this matter. 

CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations is based on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, which have been prepared in accordance with GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements requires management to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect results of operations and the amounts of assets and liabilities reported in the financial statements and related notes. Management believes that there have been no significant changes during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, to the items that we disclosed as our critical accounting estimates in Part II, Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

NEW ACCOUNTING STANDARDS ISSUED AND NOT YET ADOPTED 
 For a discussion of new accounting pronouncements affecting TEP, see Note 1 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 TEP s primary market risks include fluctuations in interest rates, commodity prices and volumes, and counterparty credit. Fluctuations in interest rates can affect earnings and cash flows. TEP can enter into interest rate swaps and financing transactions to manage changes in interest rates. Fluctuations in commodity prices and volumes and counterparty credit losses may temporarily affect cash flows but are not expected to affect earnings due to expected recovery through regulatory mechanisms. 
 There have been no additional risks and no material changes to market risks disclosed in Part II, Item 7A in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 TEP s Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) supervised and participated in TEP s evaluation of its disclosure controls and procedures as such term is defined under Rule 13a 15(e) and Rule 15d 15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act), as of the end of the period covered by this report. Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in TEP s periodic reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. These disclosure controls and procedures are also designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by TEP in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon the evaluation performed, TEP s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that TEP s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024. There was no change in TEP s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, that materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, TEP s internal control over financial reporting. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For a description of certain legal proceedings affecting TEP, refer to Note 7 of Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Pursuant to Item 103 of Regulation S-K under the Exchange Act, TEP is required to disclose certain information about environmental proceedings to which a governmental authority is a party if TEP reasonably believes such proceedings may result in monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, above a stated threshold. TEP has elected to apply a threshold of 1 million for purposes of determining whether disclosure of any such proceedings is required. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The business and financial results of TEP are subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. As a result, the risks and uncertainties discussed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K should be carefully considered. There have been no material changes in the assessment of our risk factors from those set forth in our 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 EXHIBIT INDEX Exhibit No. Description 4 (1) 
 Officer's Certificate, dated August 9, 2024, authorizing 5.20 Senior Notes due 2034 (Form 8-K dated August 9, 2024, File No. 1-5924 - Exhibit 4.1). 31(a) 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Susan M. Gray. 31(b) 
 Certification Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, by Frank P. Marino. 32 
 Statements of Corporate Officers (pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002). 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 104 The cover page from TEP's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101. 
 
 Filed herewith. Pursuant to Item 601(b)(32)(ii) of Regulation S-K, this certificate is not being filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

35 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 TUCSON ELECTRIC POWER COMPANY (Registrant) Date: November 4, 2024 /s/ Frank P. Marino Frank P. Marino Sr. Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Director (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 36 

<EX-31.A>
 2
 tepex31a09302024.htm
 EX-31.A

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31(a) 

CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 I, Susan M. Gray, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Tucson Electric Power Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 s Susan M. Gray Susan M. Gray President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.A>

<EX-31.B>
 3
 tepex31b09302024.htm
 EX-31.B

Document 
 
 Exhibit 31(b) 

CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act 
 I, Frank P. Marino, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Tucson Electric Power Company 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 4, 2024 s Frank P. Marino Frank P. Marino Sr. Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Director (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.B>

<EX-32>
 4
 tepex3209302024.htm
 EX-32

Document 
 
 Exhibit 32 

STATEMENTS OF CORPORATE OFFICERS 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Tucson Electric Power Company (the Company) on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report), each of the undersigned, Susan M. Gray, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, and Frank P. Marino, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to their knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 4, 2024 s Susan M. Gray Susan M. Gray President, Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) Date November 4, 2024 s Frank P. Marino Frank P. Marino Sr. Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, and Director (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 tep-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 tep-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 tep-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 tep-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 tep-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

