<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_1793229_0001793229-24-000149.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6716303</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>133245</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1362731</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2198433</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1562427</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1345927</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001793229-24-000149.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106083056
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001793229-24-000149
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		69
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MultiPlan Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001793229
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-BUSINESS SERVICES, NEC [7389]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	07 Trade & Services
		IRS NUMBER:				843536151
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			X1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39228
		FILM NUMBER:		241429352

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		115 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(212) 780-2000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		115 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10003

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Churchill Capital Corp III
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200127

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Butler Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20191105

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001793229-24-000149.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 mpln-20240930.htm
 10-Q

mpln-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (MARK ONE) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarter ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 ) 
 (Issuer s telephone number) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the past 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 x Accelerated filer o 
 Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 28, 2024, shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, were issued and outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Pages Glossary 3 
 Part I. Financial Information 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 7 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Loss and Comprehensive Loss 
 8 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 9 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 11 
 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 12 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 42 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 42 
 Part II - Other Information 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 43 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 44 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 44 
 Signature 
 45 

2 

Table of Contents 

GLOSSARY 
 
 Unless otherwise stated in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this "Quarterly Report") or the context otherwise requires, references to: 
 
 "2023 Annual Report" are to our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023; 
 
 "2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan" are to our 2020 Omnibus Incentive Plan, as it may be amended and/or restated from time to time; 
 
 "5.50 Senior Secured Notes" are to the 1,050,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 5.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2028 issued by MPH; 
 
 "5.750 Notes" are to the 1,300,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of 5.750 Senior Notes due 2028 issued by MPH; 
 
 "Adjusted EPS" are to adjusted earnings per share; 
 
 "ASU" are to Accounting Standard Update; 
 
 "Board" are to the board of directors of the Company; 
 
 "BST" are to Benefits Science LLC; 
 
 "Cash Interest" are to interest paid in cash on the Senior Convertible PIK Notes; 
 
 "Churchill" are to Churchill Capital Corp III, a Delaware corporation, which changed its name to MultiPlan Corporation following the consummation of the Transactions; 
 
 "Churchill IPO" are to the initial public offering by Churchill which closed on February 19, 2020; 
 
 "Churchill's Class A common stock" are, prior to consummation of the Transactions, to Churchill's Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share and, following consummation of the Transactions, to our Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 
 
 "Class A common stock" are to MultiPlan's Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share; 
 
 "Closing" are to the consummation of the Mergers; 
 
 "Closing Date" are to October 8, 2020, the date on which the Transactions were consummated; 
 
 "Common PIPE Investment" are to the private placement pursuant to which Churchill entered into subscription agreements with certain investors whereby such investors subscribed for (a) 3,250,000 shares of Churchill's Class A common stock at a purchase price of 400.00 per share for an aggregate commitment of 1,300,000,000 and (b) warrants to purchase 162,500 shares of Churchill's Class A Common Stock (for each share of Churchill's Class A common stock subscribed, the investor received 1/20th of a warrant to purchase one share of Churchill's Class A common stock, with each whole warrant having a strike price of 500.00 per share and a maturity date of October 8, 2025). The Common PIPE Investment was subject to an original issue discount (which was paid in additional shares of Churchill's Class A common stock) of 1 for subscriptions of 250,000,000 or less and 2.5 for subscriptions of more than 250,000,000, which resulted in an additional 51,250 shares of Churchill's Class A common stock being issued. The Common PIPE Investment was consummated on the Closing Date; 
 
 "common stock" are, prior to the consummation of the Transactions, to Churchill's Class A common stock and Churchill's Class B common stock and, following consummation of the Transactions, to the Company's Class A common stock; 
 
 "Company" are, prior to the consummation of the Transactions, to Churchill and, following consummation of the Transactions, to MultiPlan Corporation; 
 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 "Convertible PIPE Investment" are to the private placement pursuant to which the Company entered into subscription agreements with certain investors whereby such Convertible PIPE Investors agreed to buy 1,300,000,000 in aggregate principal amount of Senior Convertible PIK Notes. The Convertible PIPE Investment was consummated on the Closing Date; 
 
 "Convertible PIPE Investors" are to the investors participating in the Convertible PIPE Investment; 
 
 "DHP" are to Discovery Health Partners; 
 
 "Exchange Act" are to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; 
 
 "FASB" are to the Financial Accounting Standards Board; 
 
 "First Merger Sub" are to Music Merger Sub I, Inc., a Delaware corporation and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company; 
 
 "founder shares" are to shares of Churchill's Class B common stock and Churchill's Class A common stock issued upon the automatic conversion thereof in connection with the Closing; 
 
 "GAAP" are to generally accepted accounting principles in United States of America; 
 
 "Holdings" are to Polaris Investment Holdings, L.P.; 
 
 "HST" are to HSTechnology Solutions, Inc.; 
 
 "IDR" are to independent dispute resolution; 
 
 "Integration expenses" are costs associated with the integration of acquired companies into MultiPlan; 
 
 "Merger Agreement" are to that certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of July 12, 2020, by and among Churchill, MultiPlan Parent, Holdings, First Merger Sub and Second Merger Sub, as the same has been or may be amended, modified, supplemented or waived from time to time; 
 
 "Mergers" are to, together, (a) the merger of First Merger Sub with and into MultiPlan Parent with MultiPlan Parent being the surviving company in the merger (the "First Merger") and (b) immediately following and as part of the same transaction as the First Merger, the merger of MultiPlan Parent with and into Second Merger Sub, with Second Merger Sub surviving the merger as a wholly owned subsidiary of Churchill (the "Second Merger"); 
 
 "MPH" are to MPH Acquisition Holdings LLC; 
 
 "MultiPlan" are MultiPlan Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries; 
 
 "MultiPlan Parent" are to Polaris Parent Corp., a Delaware corporation; 
 
 "non-income taxes" includes personal property taxes, real estate taxes, sales and use taxes and franchise taxes which are included in costs of services and general and administrative expenses; 
 
 "other expenses, net" represents miscellaneous non-recurring income, miscellaneous non-recurring expenses, gain or loss on disposal of assets, impairment of other assets, gain or loss on disposal of leases, tax penalties, and non-integration related severance costs; 
 
 "Payors" are our customers and potential customers, which include large national insurance companies, Blue Cross and Blue Shield plans, provider-sponsored and independent health plans, third party administrators, bill review companies, Taft-Hartley plans, self-insured employers, federal and state government sponsored health plans and other entities that pay medical bills related to the commercial healthcare, government, workers' compensation and auto medical markets; 
 
 "PSAV" are to percentage of savings; 
 
 "PEPM" are to per-employee-per-month; 
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 "PIK Interest" are to interest paid through an increase in the principal amount of the outstanding Senior Convertible PIK Notes or through the issuance of additional Senior Convertible PIK Notes; 
 
 "PIPE Warrants" are to the warrants to purchase Churchill's Class A common stock issued in connection with the Common PIPE Investment, on terms identical to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants, other than the exercise period that started on November 7, 2020, the exercise price which is 500.00 per share and the redemption feature that exists for all holders of the PIPE warrants; 
 
 "Private Placement Warrants" are to warrants issued to the Sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the Churchill IPO and the Working Capital Warrants whose terms are identical to the Private Placement Warrants; 
 
 "Public Warrants" are to the Company's warrants sold as part of the units in the Churchill IPO (whether they were purchased in the Churchill IPO or thereafter in the open market); 
 
 "Reverse Stock Split" are to the 1-for-40 reverse stock split of the Common Stock effected on September 20, 2024. As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every forty (40) shares of common stock either issued and outstanding or held as treasury stock were combined into one new share of common stock. The par value of new shares remained the same at 0.0001 per share. 
 
 "Revolver B" are to the revolving credit facility in conjunction with Term Loan B and maturing on August 24, 2026; 

"revolving credit facility" are to MPH's 450.0 million senior secured revolving credit facility; 
 
 "SEC" are to the United States Securities and Exchange Commission; 
 
 "Second Merger Sub" are to Music Merger Sub II, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and direct, wholly owned subsidiary of the Company; 
 
 "Senior Convertible PIK Notes" are the 6.00 / 7.00 Convertible Senior PIK Toggle Notes due 2027; 
 
 "senior secured credit facilities" are to MPH's senior secured credit facilities which consist of (a) a 1,325.0 million term loan facility maturing on September 1, 2028 and (b) a 450.0 million revolving credit facility maturing on August 24, 2026; 
 
 "Sponsor" are to Churchill Sponsor III, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and an affiliate of M. Klein and Company, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and its affiliates, in which certain of Churchill's directors and officers hold membership interests; 
 
 "Sponsor Note" are to the unsecured promissory note issued by the Company to the Sponsor in an aggregate principal amount of 1,500,000. The Sponsor converted the unpaid balance of the Sponsor Note into Working Capital Warrants in connection with the Closing; 
 
 "Term Loan B" are to a term loan payable borrowed on August 24, 2021 in the amount of 1,325.0 million with a group of lenders due and payable on September 1, 2028; 
 
 "Term SOFR" are to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate; 
 
 "Transactions" are to the Mergers, together with the other transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement and the related agreements; 
 
 "Transaction-related expenses" represents transaction costs, including those related to the Transactions and litigation related thereto as well as those related to any other acquisitions, whether consummated or not; 
 
 "Unvested Founder Shares" represents 310,102 of the Sponsor founder shares that were unvested as of October 8, 2020 in connection with the Merger Agreement and will re-vest at such time as, during the period starting on October 8, 2021 and ending on October 8, 2025, the closing price of our Class A common stock exceeds 500.00 per share for any forty (40) trading days in a sixty (60) consecutive day period. Such founder shares that do not re-vest on or before October 8, 2025 will be forfeited and cancelled; 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 "warrants" are to the Public Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants, the PIPE Warrants and the Working Capital Warrants; 
 
 "we," "our" or "us" are to MultiPlan and its consolidated subsidiaries; and 
 
 "Working Capital Warrants" are to the warrants to purchase Churchill's Class A common stock pursuant to the terms of the Sponsor Note, on terms identical to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants. 
 6 

Part I. Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Trade accounts receivable, net Unbilled IDR fees, net Prepaid expenses Prepaid taxes Other current assets, net Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Other intangibles, net Other assets, net Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued interest Accrued taxes Operating lease obligation, short-term Current portion of long-term debt Accrued compensation Accrued legal contingencies Other accrued expenses Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease obligation, long-term Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares Deferred income taxes Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) par value shares authorized; shares issued 
 Common stock, par value shares authorized; and issued; and shares outstanding (1) 
 Additional paid-in capital (1) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Retained deficit ) ) Treasury stock and shares (1) 
 ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 (1) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 7 

Table of Contents 

MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Loss and Comprehensive Loss 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Costs of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization of intangible assets shown below) General and administrative expenses Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets Total expenses Operating (loss) income ) ) Interest expense Interest income ) ) ) ) Gain on extinguishment of debt ) ) ) (Gain) loss on change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares ) ) ) Net loss before taxes ) ) ) ) Benefit for income taxes ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding Basic (1) 
 Weighted average shares outstanding Diluted (1) 
 Net loss per share Basic (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss per share Diluted (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income: Change in unrealized gains (losses) on interest rate swaps, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 (1 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 8 

Table of Contents 

MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Issued (1) 
 Additional Paid-in Capital (1) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained 
 Deficit 
 Treasury stock (1) 
 Total Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) ) Stock Incentive Plans 
 Loss arising during the period on Interest rate swaps ) ) Reclassification adjustments for gains included in net loss (interest expense) Issuance of common stock in connection with employee stock purchase plan Net loss ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Issued (1) 
 Additional Paid-in Capital (1) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained 
 Deficit 
 Treasury stock (1) 
 Total Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) Stock Incentive Plans Tax withholding related to vesting of equity awards ) ) Gains arising during the period on Interest rate swaps Reclassification adjustments for gains included in net loss (interest expense) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) 

9 

Table of Contents 

MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Shareholders' Equity 
 (in thousands, except share data) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Common Stock Issued (1) 
 Additional Paid-in Capital (1) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained 
 Deficit 
 Treasury stock (1) 
 Total Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) ) Stock Incentive Plans 
 Tax withholding related to vesting of equity awards ) ) Loss arising during the period on Interest rate swaps ) ) Reclassification adjustments for gains included in net loss (interest expense) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with employee stock purchase plan Net loss ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Common Stock Issued (1) 
 Additional Paid-in Capital (1) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Retained Deficit Treasury stock (1) 
 Total Shareholders Equity Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) Stock Incentive Plans Tax withholding related to vesting of equity awards ) ) Stock consideration paid for BST acquisition ) Gains arising during the period on Interest rate swaps Reclassification adjustments for gains included in net income (interest expense) ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 10 

Table of Contents 

MULTIPLAN CORPORATION 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of the right-of-use asset Loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets Stock-based compensation Deferred income taxes ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts Gain on extinguishment of debt ) ) Loss on disposal of property and equipment (Gain) loss on change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Prepaid taxes ) Operating lease obligation ) ) Accounts payable, accrued interest, accrued taxes, accrued expenses, legal contingencies and other ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) BST Acquisition, net of cash acquired ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities: Repurchase of Notes 
 ) Repayments of Term Loan B ) ) Repurchase of Senior Convertible PIK Notes ) Taxes paid on settlement of vested share awards ) ) Purchase of treasury stock ) ) Proceeds from issuance of common stock under Employee Stock Purchase Plan Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Noncash investing and financing activities: Purchases of property and equipment not yet paid Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Interest ) ) Income taxes, net of refunds ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements 
 11 

Table of Contents 

1.) shares of common stock issued and outstanding or held as treasury stock were combined into one new share of common stock. The Reverse Stock Split did not impact the number of authorized shares of common stock or affect the par value of the common stock. No fractional shares were issued in connection with the Reverse Stock Split. Stockholders who were otherwise entitled to receive fractional shares of common stock received their pro-rata portion of the net proceeds obtained from the aggregation and sale by the exchange agent of the fractional shares resulting from the Reverse Stock Split (reduced by any customary brokerage fees, commissions and other expenses). 
 
 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Revenue Recognition 
 Disaggregation of Revenue 
 PSAV PEPM Other Analytics-Based Services PSAV PEPM Other Payment and Revenue Integrity Services PSAV PEPM Total Revenues Percent of PSAV revenues Percent of PEPM revenues Percent of other revenues 
 13 

Table of Contents 

after grant if certain performance metrics are met, as follows: of the PSUs may be earned based on the Company s relative total stockholder return RTSR over the measurement period from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2026 compared to the Russel 2000, and of the PSUs may be earned based on the cumulative revenue from January 1, 2024 to December 31, 2025. 
 The fair value assigned to PSUs is determined using the market price of the Company s stock on the grant date for the performance based awards, i.e. the revenue PSUs, and by using a Monte Carlo simulation for the market based awards, i.e. the RTSR PSUs. Stock-based compensation costs associated with awards with a performance condition are re-assessed each reporting period based upon the estimated performance attainment on the reporting date until the performance conditions are met. The ultimate number of shares of common stock that are issued to an employee is the result of the actual performance of the Company at the end of the performance period compared to the performance targets and ranges from to of the initial PSU grant. 
 The Monte Carlo simulation model uses the same input assumptions as the Black-Scholes model to determine the expected potential ranking of the Company against the Russel 2000, i.e. the probability of satisfying the market condition defined in the award. Expected volatility in the model was estimated based on the volatility of historical stock prices over a period matching the expected term of the award. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury yield constant maturities for a term matching the expected term of the award. 
 Stock-based compensation is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized as compensation expense for employee awards, net of forfeitures, over the applicable requisite service period of the stock award using the straight-line method for awards with only service conditions. The Company recognizes forfeitures as they occur. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

15 

Table of Contents 

2. 
 percent of Benefits Science LLC ("Benefits Science Technologies" or "BST"), a Texas limited liability company offering next generation data and advanced analytics services for million, net of acquired cash, consisting of million in cash and million in Company Class A common stock. This acquisition adds enhanced data and analytics capabilities to our existing services. 
 The BST acquisition was accounted for as a business combination using the acquisition method of accounting. As a result of the BST acquisition and the application of purchase accounting, BST's identifiable assets and liabilities were adjusted to their fair market value as of the acquisition date. For income tax purposes, the acquisition of BST is treated as the acquisition of partnership interests. The resulting intangible assets are amortizable for income tax purposes. 
 Following the consummation of the transactions, the Company entered into separately recognized transactions with key employees and service providers of BST who are employed or engaged by the Company and are eligible to participate in a long-term incentive and retention program. Pursuant to this incentive and retention program, cash payments will be made to such participant if: (i) subject to limited exceptions, such participant remains employed or engaged by the Company through the date of payment; and (ii) certain threshold, target and maximum annual recurring revenue targets relating to the business of BST are met over three to . The aggregate potential cash payments under this plan if the target annual recurring revenue targets are achieved was million at inception and million to participants remaining as of September 30, 2024, with additional aggregate potential cash payments if the maximum annual recurring revenue targets are achieved of up to million at inception and million to participants remaining as of September 30, 2024. If a minimum threshold as a percentage of target annual recurring revenue is not achieved, no cash payments will be due. The Company will account for the incentive payments as post-combination compensation costs. 
 Cash and cash equivalents Trade accounts receivable, net Prepaid expenses Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Other intangibles, net (1) 
 Accounts payable ) Other accrued expenses ) Operating lease obligation, short-term ) Operating lease obligation, long-term ) Total identifiable net assets Goodwill 
 (1) Includes client relationships of million with a remaining useful life of years, technology of million with a remaining useful life of years, and non-compete agreements of million with a remaining useful life of years. The weighted average remaining useful life of the acquired intangibles subject to amortization is years. 
 The results of operations and financial condition of BST have been included in the Company's consolidated results from the date of acquisition. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, are included in general and administrative expenses in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss. transaction costs were incurred during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Unaudited Pro Forma Financial Information 
 The following represents pro forma effects of the BST acquisition as if it had occurred on January 1, 2022. The pro forma net loss includes: (1) an increase in amortization of intangible assets of million related to added amortization expense associated with intangible assets acquired in the acquisition; and (2) the addition of million of transaction costs incurred, together with the income tax effects on (1) through (2). These pro forma results are not necessarily indicative of the results that would have occurred if the acquisition occurred on the first day of the period presented, nor does the pro forma financial information purport to present the results of operations for future periods. 
 Net loss ) 
 17 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 years ) ) Provider network years ) ) Technology years ) ) Trade names years ) ) Trade names Indefinite Non-compete years ) ) Total ) ) 
 Loss on impairment ) Ending balance, March 31 Acquisitions Loss on impairment ) Ending balance, June 30 Purchase price adjustment ) Loss on impairment ) Ending balance, September 30 
 The goodwill arose from the acquisition of the Company in 2016 by Holdings, the HST acquisition in 2020, the DHP acquisition in 2021 and the BST acquisition in 2023. The carrying value of goodwill was million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2024 
 We concluded that the significant declines in our stock price and market capitalization during the month of March 2024 represented a triggering event and therefore performed an impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of March 31, 2024. 
 The estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived trade names was less than their carrying value and as a result a loss on impairment of million was recorded during the three months ended March 31, 2024. 
 The quantitative assessment of our goodwill as of March 31, 2024 indicated that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit was less than its carrying value, and as a result a loss on impairment of million was recorded during the three months ended March 31, 2024. 
 The loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets was primarily due to the use of a higher discount rate in response to significant declines in our stock price and lower EBITDA multiples. There were no material changes in the forecasted revenues and expenses utilized in the analysis compared to November 1, 2023. 
 The Company incurred a goodwill impairment charge of million in the first quarter of 2024. Of this impairment charge, million is permanently nondeductible for income tax purposes resulted in an income tax expense of million. The impairment charge is treated as a discrete item for the three months ended March 31, 2024, which impacted our effective tax rate versus our statutory tax rate. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

impairment was recorded for our indefinite-lived trade names during the three months ended June 30, 2024 as their fair value exceeded their carrying value. 
 The quantitative assessment of our goodwill as of June 30, 2024 indicated that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit was less than its carrying value, and as a result a loss on impairment of million was recorded during the three months ended June 30, 2024. 
 The loss on impairment of goodwill was primarily due to the use of lower projected cash flows, lower EBITDA multiples and the use of a higher discount rate in response to the estimation uncertainty of our cash flow projections. 
 The Company incurred a goodwill impairment charge of million during three months ended June 30, 2024. Of this impairment charge, million is permanently nondeductible for income tax purposes resulted in an income tax expense of million. The impairment charge is treated as a discrete item for the three months ended June 30, 2024, which impacted our effective tax rate versus our statutory tax rate. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 
 We concluded that the continued declines in our stock price and market capitalization during the three months ended September 30, 2024, along with the revised forecasts in connection with establishing a new capital structure as further described in Note 5 Long-Term Debt, represented triggering events and therefore performed an impairment assessment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangible assets as of September 30, 2024. 
 The estimated fair value of our indefinite-lived trade names was less than their carrying value and as a result a loss on impairment of million was recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The quantitative assessment of our goodwill as of September 30, 2024 indicated that the estimated fair value of the reporting unit was less than its carrying value, and as a result a loss on impairment of million was recorded during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets was primarily due to the use of lower projected cash flows and lower EBITDA multiples. 
 The Company incurred a goodwill impairment charge of million during three months ended September 30, 2024. Of this impairment charge, million is permanently nondeductible for income tax purposes and resulted in an income tax expense of million. The impairment charge is treated as a discrete item for the three months ended September 30, 2024, which impacted our effective tax rate versus our statutory tax rate. 
 Impairment losses are included in Loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss. impairment was recorded in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 In the quantitative impairment test of goodwill performed in the three months ended September 30, 2024, we calculate the estimated enterprise fair value of the reporting unit using (i) a discounted cash flow analysis, (ii) forecasted EBITDA trading multiples for comparable publicly traded companies and (iii) historical EBITDA multiples for comparable acquisitions, giving equal weight to the three approaches. Assumptions used in the discounted cash flow analysis include forecasted revenues, forecasted expenses, the terminal growth rate and the discount rate. The fair value measurements are based on significant unobservable inputs, and thus represent Level 3 inputs. Following the goodwill impairment the carrying value of this reporting unit equaled its fair value as of September 30, 2024. Therefore, if business conditions or expectations were to change materially, it may be necessary to record further impairment charges in the future. 
 
 4. 
 million to effectively convert a portion of its floating rate debt 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Unrealized gain recognized in other comprehensive income before reclassifications Reclassifications to interest expense Balance as of March 31, net of tax ) Unrealized gain recognized in other comprehensive income before reclassifications Reclassification to interest expense Balance as of June 30, net of tax ) Unrealized (loss) gain recognized in other comprehensive income before reclassifications ) Reclassification to interest expense Balance as of September 30, net of tax ) 
 The Company recognized gains related to the cash flow derivatives of million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The gains are recognized within interest expense in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss. 
 Other accrued expenses 
 Other liabilities 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

5. 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 Notes Senior Secured 9/1/2028 
 Notes 
 Notes Senior Unsecured 11/1/2028 
 Senior Convertible PIK Notes Convertible Notes (3) 
 Senior Unsecured 10/15/2027 Cash Interest , PIK Interest 
 Finance lease obligations, non-current Other Senior Secured 2024-2029 - 
 Long-term debt Less: current portion of long-term debt ) ) Discount - Term Loan B ) ) Discount Senior Convertible PIK Notes ) ) Less: debt discounts, net ) ) Debt issuance costs - Term Loan B ) ) Debt issuance costs - Senior Secured Notes 
 ) ) Debt issuance costs - Notes 
 ) ) Less: debt issuance costs, net ) ) Long-term debt, net 
 (1) Beginning December 31, 2021 and quarterly thereafter, we will repay a principal amount of the Term Loan B equal to of the initial aggregate principal of million. These scheduled principal repayments may be reduced by any voluntary or mandatory prepayments made in accordance with the credit agreement. 
 (2) Interest on Term Loan B and Revolver B is calculated, at MPH's option, as (a) Term SOFR (or, with respect to the term loan facility only, , whichever is higher), plus the applicable SOFR adjustment, plus the applicable margin, or (b) the highest rate of (1) prime rate, (2) the federal funds effective rate, plus , (3) the Term SOFR for an interest period of one month, plus the applicable SOFR adjustment, plus and (4) for Term Loan B and for Revolver B, in each case, plus an applicable margin of for Term Loan B and between and for Revolver B, depending on MPH's first lien debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio. The interest rate in effect for Term Loan B was as of September 30, 2024. 
 (3) The Senior Convertible PIK Notes are convertible into shares of the Company's Class A common stock based on a conversion price, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased and cancelled million of the Senior Convertible PIK Notes. The repurchases resulted in the recognition of a gain on extinguishment of million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which are included in gain on extinguishment of debt in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss. No repurchases were made during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company was in compliance with all of the debt covenants. See our discussion of Debt Covenants and Events of Default provided in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . 
 21 

Table of Contents 

6. 
 Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 Unvested Founder Shares 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the change in fair values was primarily due to the change in expected term and the decrease in the price of the Company's Class A common stock over that period.) ) ) Unvested Founder Shares ) ) ) (Gain) loss on change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares ) ) ) 
 
 7. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

million, which were valued based on Level 1 measurements using quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. Cash and cash equivalents as of September 30, 2024 did not include money market funds. 
 Senior Secured Notes 
 Notes 
 Senior Convertible PIK Notes, net of discount Finance lease obligations Total Long-term Debt 
 We estimate the fair value of long-term debt using quoted prices in active markets. As such, this is considered a Level 1 fair value measurement. 
 Recurring fair value measurements 
 The Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares are measured at fair value on a recurring basis. The fair value of these instruments was determined based on significant inputs not observable in the market which would represent a level 3 measurement within the fair value hierarchy. The Company uses an option pricing simulation to estimate the fair value of these instruments. 
 The Company records derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value, which represents the estimated amounts it would receive or pay upon termination of the derivative prior to the scheduled expiration date. The fair value is derived from model-driven information based on observable Level 2 inputs, such as SOFR forward rates. 
 Non-recurring fair value measurements 
 We also measure certain non-financial assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis, primarily goodwill and long-lived tangible and intangible assets, in connection with periodic evaluations for potential impairment. We estimate the fair value of these assets using primarily unobservable inputs and, as such, these are considered Level 3 fair value measurements. There were impairment charges of million and million for goodwill and long-lived intangible assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Our non-marketable equity securities using the measurement alternative are adjusted to fair value on a non-recurring basis. Adjustments are made when observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer occur, or due to impairment. These securities are classified as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy because we estimate the value based on valuation methods using the observable transaction price at the transaction date. At September 30, 2024, the carrying amount of these alternative investments, recorded under Other assets, net in the unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets, was million. There were no write-ups due to observable price changes or write-downs due to impairment in the current period. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

8. 
 of our offices in lieu of security deposits in the amount of million outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company also has an irrevocable letter of credit to satisfy the obligations of a captive insurance subsidiary in the amount of million outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Claims and Litigation 
 The Company is a defendant in various lawsuits and other pending and threatened litigation and other adversarial matters as well as regulatory investigations, all of which have arisen in the ordinary course of business. While the ultimate outcome with respect to such proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, the Company does not believe they will result, individually or in the aggregate, in a material adverse effect upon our financial condition, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 On July 11, 2024, we settled litigation filed in 2014 in which a dialysis company alleged that an entity we acquired in 2011 was liable for certain payments owed to the dialysis provider. As a result of this settlement, we have received million of recoveries from insurers in the three months ended September 30, 2024, and on October 7, 2024, we completed the settlement payment. 
 For example, and relating to litigation on the basis of alleged violation of antitrust laws, the Company has been named in numerous federal lawsuits, including putative class action lawsuits, asserting that, among other things, the Company is conspiring with commercial health insurance payors to suppress out of network reimbursements in violation of applicable antitrust law. These lawsuits were initially filed in various venues, including the Southern District of New York, the Northern District of Illinois, and the Northern District of California, naming the Company and, in certain cases, certain payors, as defendants. The lawsuits have now been centralized in the Northern District of Illinois pursuant to a transfer order issued by the federal Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation and assigned to the Honorable Matthew F. Kennelly. The Court has ordered consolidated complaints to be filed by November 18, 2024, with motion to dismiss briefing to follow. We believe these lawsuits are without merit and intend to vigorously defend the Company. 
 We accrue for costs associated with certain contingencies, including, but not limited to, settlement of legal proceedings, regulatory compliance matters and self-insurance exposures when such costs are probable and reasonably estimable. Such accruals are included in accrued legal contingencies on the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. In addition, we accrue for legal fees incurred in defense of asserted litigation and regulatory matters as such legal fees are incurred. To the extent it is probable under our existing insurance coverage that we are able to recover losses and legal fees related to contingencies, we record such recoveries concurrently with the accrual of the related loss or legal fees. Significant management judgment is required to estimate the amounts of such contingent liabilities and the related insurance recoveries. In our determination of the probability and ability to estimate contingent liabilities and related insurance recoveries we consider the following: litigation exposure based on currently available information, consultations with external legal counsel, adequacy and applicability of existing insurance coverage, appeal bonds or similar instrument posted, and other pertinent facts and circumstances regarding the contingency. Liabilities established to provide for contingencies are adjusted as further information develops, circumstances change, or contingencies are resolved; and such changes are recorded in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of loss and comprehensive loss during the period of the change and appropriately reflected in accrued legal contingencies on the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 9. 
 million of its Class A common stock from time to time through December 31, 2023. On November 8, 2023, the Board extended the repurchase program through December 31, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has spent million, including commissions, for the repurchase of its Class A common stock as part of this program using cash on hand, of which million was spent during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. repurchases were made during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 shares of Company Class A common stock for the acquisition of BST. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

10.) ) ) ) Denominator for earnings per share calculation Weighted average number of shares outstanding basic Weighted average number of shares outstanding diluted (Loss) Income per share basic and diluted: Net loss per share basic ) ) ) ) Net loss per share diluted ) ) ) ) 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, potentially dilutive securities were excluded from the calculation of diluted net loss per share, as their effect would have been anti-dilutive given the Company's losses incurred. Therefore, the weighted average number of shares outstanding used to calculate both basic and diluted net loss per share is the same. 
 
 11. 
 thousand and thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and thousand and thousand for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. These expenses are associated with a software license from Abacus Insights, Inc., as well as customer service software and captive management services from companies controlled by Hellman Friedman LLC. 
 thousand and thousand from related parties as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 25 

Item 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Quarterly Report and together with the information included in the Company s 2023 Annual Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties; the results described below are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected in any future periods. References to common stock, warrants to purchase common stock, options to purchase common stock, restricted stock units, share date, per share data and conversion rates with respect to convertible notes and related information have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effect of the Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented. 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements 
 All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, statements under this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 or Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, each as amended, including, in particular, statements about our plans, strategies and prospects as well as estimates of industry growth for the next quarter and beyond. When used in this Quarterly Report, words such as believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, seeks, projects, intends, plans, may, will or should or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology represent forward-looking statements that include matters that are not historical facts. They may appear in a number of places throughout this Quarterly Report and these forward-looking statements reflect management s expectations regarding our future growth, results of operations, operational and financial performance and business prospects and opportunities. Such forward-looking statements are based on available current market material and management s expectations, beliefs and forecasts concerning future events impacting our business. Factors that may impact such forward-looking statements include: 
 loss of our customers, particularly our largest customers; 
 interruptions or security breaches of our information technology systems and other cybersecurity attacks; 
 the impact of reduced claims volumes resulting from a nationwide outage by a vendor used by our customers; 
 the ability to achieve the goals of our strategic plans and recognize the anticipated strategic, operational, growth and efficiency benefits when expected; 
 our ability to enter new lines of business and broaden the scope of our services; 
 the loss of key members of our management team or inability to maintain sufficient qualified personnel; 
 our ability to continue to attract, motivate and retain a large number of skilled employees, and adapt to the effects of inflationary pressure on wages; 
 trends in the U.S. healthcare system, including recent trends of unknown duration of reduced healthcare utilization and i ncreased patient financial responsibility for services; 
 effects of competition; 
 effects of pricing pressure; 
 our ability to identify, complete and successfully integrate acquisitions; 
 the inability of our customers to pay for our services; 
 changes in our industry and in industry standards and technology; 
 our ability to protect proprietary information, processes, and applications; 
 our ability to maintain the licenses or right of use for the software we use; 
 our inability to expand our network infrastructure; 
 26 

our ability to obtain additional financing; 
 our ability to pay interest and principal on our notes and other indebtedness; 
 lowering or withdrawal of our credit ratings; 
 adverse outcomes related to litigation or governmental proceedings; 
 inability to preserve or increase our existing market share or the size of our preferred provider organization networks; 
 decreases in discounts from providers; 
 pressure to limit access to preferred provider networks; 
 the loss of our existing relationships with providers; 
 changes in our regulatory environment, including healthcare law and regulations; 
 the expansion of privacy and security laws; 
 heightened enforcement activity by government agencies; 
 the possibility that we may be adversely affected by other political, economic, business, and/or competitive factors; 
 changes in accounting principles or the incurrence of impairment charges; 
 our ability to remediate any material weaknesses or maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting; 
 other factors disclosed in this Quarterly Report; and 
 other factors beyond our control. 
 The forward-looking statements are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on our business. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting our business will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors referred to under the heading Risk Factors in Part II, Item 1A of this Quarterly Report or as described in our 2023 Annual Report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of the assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We do not undertake any obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 
 Company Overview 
 
 MultiPlan is a leading provider of data-driven cost management solutions that deliver transparency and promote fairness, quality and affordability to the U.S. healthcare industry. Through our proprietary data and technology platform, we provide out-of-network cost management, payment and revenue integrity, data and decision science, business-to-business healthcare payments and other services to the payors of healthcare, which are primarily health insurers and their administrative-services-only platforms, self-insured employers, federal and state government-sponsored health plans (collectively "Payors") and other health plan sponsors (typically through their health plan administrators), and, indirectly, the plan members who are the consumers of healthcare services. 
 
 Although the end beneficiary of our services are employers and other plan sponsors and their health plan members, our direct customers are typically Payors, including Payors providing administrative services only, third-party administrators ("TPAs"), who go to market with our services to those end customers. We offer these Payors a single interface to our services, which are used in combination or individually to reduce the medical cost burden on their health plan customers, by lowering the per-unit cost of medical services incurred, managing the utilization of medical services, and increasing the likelihood that the services are reimbursed without error and accepted by the provider. We are a technology-enabled service provider and transaction processor and do not deliver health-care services, provide or manage healthcare services, provide care or care management, or adjudicate or pay claims. 
 27 

The Company, primarily through its operating subsidiary, MultiPlan, Inc., offers its solutions nationally through a range of service lines, which include: 
 Analytics-Based Services reduce medical cost through data-driven algorithms and insights that detect claims over-charges and either negotiate or recommend fair reimbursement for out-of-network medical costs using a variety of data sources and pricing algorithms. Our Analytics-Based Services claim pricing services are generally priced based on a percentage of savings achieved. Also included in this category are services that enable lower cost health plans that feature reference-based pricing either in conjunction with or in place of a provider network. These services are generally priced at a bundled PEPM rate; 
 Network-Based Services reduce medical cost by providing access to contracted discounts with healthcare providers with whom Payors do not have a contractual relationship, through our expansive network of over 1.4 million healthcare providers, which forms one of the largest independent preferred provider organizations in the United States. Our Network-Based Services are priced based on either a percentage of savings achieved or at a per employee/member per month fee. This service category also includes customized network development and management services for Payors seeking to expand their network footprint using outsourced services. These services are generally priced on a per provider contract or other project-based price; 
 Payment and Revenue Integrity Service s reduce medical cost through data, technology, and clinical expertise deployed to identify and remove improper and unnecessary charges before or after claims are paid, or to identify and help restore premium dollars underpaid by CMS for government health plans caused by discrepancies with enrollment-related data. Payment and Revenue Integrity Services are generally priced based on a percentage of savings achieved; and 
 Data and Decision Science Services reduce medical costs through a next generation suite of solutions that apply modern methods of data science to produce descriptive, predictive, and prescriptive analytics that enable customers to optimize decision-making about plan design and network configurations and to support decision-making to improve clinical outcomes, plan performance, and competitive positioning. We formed this new service category in the second quarter of 2023 and accelerated its development through the acquisition of BST. Data and Decisions Science Services are generally priced based on a subscription, licensing, or per-member-per month basis. 
 Additionally, in 2023 the Company entered into a partnership agreement with ECHO Health, Inc., which through a joint marketing and services agreement adds payment processing of healthcare provider claims as well as payments made to other service providers. 
 We believe our solutions provide a strong value proposition to Payors, their health plan customers and healthcare consumers, as well as to providers. Overall, our service offerings aim to reduce healthcare costs in a manner that is orderly, efficient, and fair to all parties. In addition, because in most instances the fee for our services is linked to the savings we identify, our revenue model is aligned with the interests of our customers. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 and year ended December 31, 2023, our comprehensive services identified approximately 18.3 billion, 17.0 billion, and 22.9 billion in potential medical cost savings, respectively. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 On September 20, 2024, the Company effected a one-for-forty (1-for-40) reverse stock split of its Class A common stock (the "Reverse Stock Split"). At a special meeting of stockholders held on September 9, 2024 (the Special Meeting ), the Company's stockholders approved a Reverse Stock Split with a ratio of not less than 1-for-15 and not greater than 1-for-40, with the exact ratio and effective time of the Reverse Stock Split, if any, to be determined by the Company s board of directors at any time within one year of the date of the Special Meeting. On September 10, 2024, the board of directors approved a Reverse Stock Split with a ratio of 1-for-40. The Company's common stock commenced trading on a reverse split-adjusted basis on September 23, 2024. 
 As a result of the Reverse Stock Split, every forty (40) shares of common stock either issued and outstanding or held as treasury stock were combined into one new share of common stock. The Reverse Stock Split did not impact the number of authorized shares of common stock or affect the par value of the common stock. No fractional shares were issued in connection 
 28 

with the Reverse Stock Split. Stockholders who were otherwise entitled to receive fractional shares of common stock received their pro-rata portion of the net proceeds obtained from the aggregation and sale by the exchange agent of the fractional shares resulting from the Reverse Stock Split (reduced by any customary brokerage fees, commissions and other expenses). 
 References to common stock, warrants to purchase common stock, options to purchase common stock, restricted stock units, share data, per share data and conversion rates with respect to convertible notes and related information contained in the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect the effect of the Reverse Stock Split for all periods presented. 
 
 Factors Affecting Our Results of Operations 
 Medical Cost Savings 
 Our business and revenues are driven by the ability to lower medical costs through claim savings for our customers. The volume of medical charges associated with those claims is a primary driver of our ability to generate claim savings. 
 The following table presents the medical charges processed and the potential savings identified across our products and revenue streams, including PEPM and PSAV, for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in millions) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Commercial Health Plans Medical charges processed 20,515 18,495 10.9 58,661 55,644 5.4 Potential medical cost savings 6,010 5,462 10.0 17,238 16,080 7.2 Potential savings as a of charges 29.3 29.5 29.4 28.9 Payment Revenue Integrity, Property Casualty, and Other Medical charges processed 24,186 23,991 0.8 72,821 69,644 4.6 Potential medical cost savings 348 319 9.1 1,029 930 10.6 Potential savings as a of charges 1.4 1.3 1.4 1.3 Total Medical charges processed 44,701 42,486 5.2 131,482 125,289 4.9 Potential medical cost savings 6,358 5,781 10.0 18,267 17,010 7.4 Potential savings as a of charges 14.2 13.6 13.9 13.6 
 Medical charges processed represent the aggregate dollar amount of claims processed by our cost management and payment and revenue integrity solutions in the period presented. The dollar amount of the claim for the purposes of this calculation is the dollar amount of the claim prior to any reductions that may be made as a result of the claim being processed by our solutions. 
 Potential medical cost savings represent the aggregate amount of potential savings in dollars identified by our cost management and payment and revenue integrity solutions in the period presented. Since certain of our fees are based on the amount of savings achieved by our customers, and our customers are the final adjudicator of the claims and may choose not to reduce claims or reduce claims by only a portion of the potential savings identified, potential medical cost savings may not directly correlate with the amount of fees earned in connection with the processing of such claims. 
 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 We generate revenues from several sources including: (i) Network-Based Services that process claims at a discount compared to billed fee-for-service rates and by using an extensive network, (ii) Analytics-Based Services that use our leading and proprietary information technology platform to offer customers solutions to reduce medical costs, and (iii) Payment and Revenue Integrity Services that use data, technology, and clinical expertise to identify improper, unnecessary and excessive charges. Payors typically compensate us through either a PSAV achieved or a PEPM rate. Approximately 90 of revenue for the year ended December 31, 2023 was based on a PSAV achieved rate. 
 29 

Costs of Services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization of intangible assets) 
 Costs of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization of intangible assets) consist of all costs specifically associated with claims processing activities for customers, sales and marketing, and the development and maintenance of our networks, analytics-based services, and payment and revenue integrity services. Two of the largest components in costs of services are personnel expenses and access and bill review fees. Access and bill review fees include fees for accessing non-owned third-party provider networks, expenses associated with vendor fees for database access and systems technology used to reprice claims, and outsourced services. Third-party network expenses are fees paid to non-owned provider networks used to supplement our owned network assets to provide more network claim savings to our customers. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses include corporate management and governance functions composed of general management, legal, treasury, tax, real estate, financial reporting, auditing, benefits and human resource administration, communications, public relations, billing, and information management. In addition, general and administrative expenses include taxes, insurance, advertising, transaction costs, and other general expenses. 
 Depreciation Expense 
 Depreciation expense consists of depreciation and amortization of property and equipment related to our investments in leasehold improvements, furniture and equipment, computer hardware and software, and internally generated capitalized software development costs. We provide for depreciation and amortization on property and equipment using the straight-line method to allocate the cost of depreciable assets over their estimated useful lives. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 Amortization of intangible assets includes amortization of the value of our customer relationships, provider network, technology, and trademarks which were identified in valuing the intangible assets in connection with the June 6, 2016 acquisition by Hellman Friedman Capital Partners VIII, L.P. and its affiliates, as well as the subsequent acquisitions of BST, HST and DHP by the Company. 
 Loss on Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 A loss on impairment is recorded in connection with the quantitative impairment testing of our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles and is performed annually or whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable, and their fair value is less than their carrying value. 
 Interest Expense 
 Interest expense consists of accrued interest and related interest payments on our outstanding long-term debt and amortization of debt issuance costs and discounts. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income consists primarily of bank interest. 
 Gain on Extinguishment of Debt 
 The Company recognizes a gain on extinguishment of debt for the difference between the reacquisition price of the debt and the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt. 
 Gain (Loss) on change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares 
 The Company re-measures, at each reporting period, the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares. The changes in fair value are primarily due to the change in the stock price of the Company's Class A common stock and the passage of time over that period. 
 Income Tax Benefit 
 Income tax benefit consists of federal, state, and local income taxes. 
 30 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EPS to evaluate our financial performance. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EPS are financial measures that are not presented in accordance with GAAP. We believe the presentation of these non-GAAP financial measures provides useful information to investors in assessing our financial condition and results of operations across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our financial operating results of our core business. 
 These measurements of financial performance have important limitations as analytical tools and should not be considered in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Additionally, they may not be comparable to other similarly titled measures of other companies. Some of these limitations are: 
 such measures do not reflect our cash expenditures or future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; 
 such measures do not reflect changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; 
 such measures do not reflect the significant interest expense, or cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments on our debt; 
 such measures do not reflect any cash requirements for any future replacement of depreciated assets; 
 such measures do not reflect the impact of stock-based compensation upon our results of operations; 
 such measures do not reflect our income tax (benefit) expense or the cash requirements to pay our income taxes; 
 such measures do not reflect the impact of certain cash charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations; and 
 other companies in our industry may calculate these measures differently from how we do, limiting their usefulness as a comparative measure. 
 In evaluating EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EPS, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses similar to those eliminated in the presentation. 
 EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA, and Adjusted EPS are widely used measures of corporate profitability eliminating the effects of financing and capital expenditures from the operating results. We define EBITDA as net loss adjusted for interest expense, interest income, income tax (benefit) expense, depreciation, amortization of intangible assets, and non-income taxes. We define Adjusted EBITDA as EBITDA further adjusted to eliminate the impact of certain items that we do not consider to be indicative of our core business, including other expenses, net, (gain) loss on change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares, transaction related expenses, (gain) loss on debt extinguishment, (gain) loss on investments, loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, and stock-based compensation. See our unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report for more information regarding these adjustments. Adjusted EBITDA is used in our agreements governing our outstanding indebtedness for debt covenant compliance purposes. Our Adjusted EBITDA calculation is consistent with the definition of Adjusted EBITDA used in our debt instruments. 
 Adjusted EPS is used in reporting to our Board and executive management and as a component of the measurement of our performance. We believe that this measure provides useful information to investors because it is the profitability measure we use to evaluate earnings performance on a comparable year-to-year basis. Adjusted EPS is defined as net loss adjusted for amortization of intangible assets, stock-based compensation, transaction related expenses, (gain) loss on debt extinguishment, (gain) loss on investments, other expense, (gain) loss on change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares, loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets, and tax effect of adjustments to arrive at Adjusted net income divided by our basic weighted average number of shares outstanding. 
 31 

The following table presents a reconciliation of net loss to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss (391,450) (24,145) (1,507,866) (60,306) Adjustments: Interest expense 81,792 84,300 245,119 250,203 Interest income (1,245) (1,505) (2,722) (7,110) Benefit for income taxes (27,220) (6,875) (76,715) (14,977) Depreciation 22,572 19,586 65,372 56,693 Amortization of intangible assets 85,971 85,971 257,913 256,724 Non-income taxes 515 669 1,623 1,672 EBITDA (229,065) 158,001 (1,017,276) 482,899 Adjustments: Other expenses, net (1) 
 1,517 521 2,584 759 Integration expenses 850 891 1,994 2,722 Change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and unvested founder shares (87) (2,127) (476) 267 Transaction-related expenses 269 8,105 Gain on extinguishment of debt (10,129) (5,913) (46,907) Loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 361,612 1,434,363 Stock-based compensation 6,818 4,835 19,829 13,357 Adjusted EBITDA 141,645 152,261 435,105 461,202 
 (1) "Other expenses, net" represent miscellaneous non-recurring income, miscellaneous non-recurring expense, gain or loss on disposal of assets, impairment of other assets, gain or loss on disposal of leases, tax penalties, and non-integration related severance costs. 
 ____________________ 
 Material differences between MultiPlan Corporation and MPH for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 include differences in interest expense, income taxes, change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares, gain on extinguishment of debt, and stock-based compensation. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, interest expense for MultiPlan Corporation was higher than MPH by 19.9 million and 59.6 million, respectively, due to interest expense incurred by MultiPlan Corporation on the Senior Convertible PIK Notes. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, interest expense for MultiPlan Corporation was higher than MPH by 20.1 million and 61.2 million, respectively, due to interest expense incurred by MultiPlan Corporation on the Senior Convertible PIK Notes. 
 The change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares, gain on extinguishment of debt, and stock-based compensation (excluding the employee stock purchase plan) are recorded in the parent company MultiPlan Corporation and not in the MPH operating company and therefore represent differences between MultiPlan Corporation and MPH. 
 In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, EBITDA expenses for MultiPlan Corporation were lower than MPH by 0.6 million and 1.9 million, respectively, primarily due to insurance premiums paid to our captive insurance company, net of related captive insurance company costs, which are eliminated in the consolidated financial reporting of MultiPlan Corporation. In the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, EBITDA expenses for MultiPlan Corporation were lower than MPH by 1.0 million and 3.0 million, respectively, primarily due to insurance premiums paid to our captive insurance company, net of related captive insurance company costs, which are eliminated in the consolidated financial reporting of MultiPlan Corporation. 
 32 

The following table presents a reconciliation of net loss to Adjusted EPS for the periods presented: 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net loss (391,450) (24,145) (1,507,866) (60,306) Adjustments: Amortization of intangible assets 85,971 85,971 257,913 256,724 Other expenses, net 1,517 521 2,584 759 Integration expenses 850 891 1,994 2,722 Change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and unvested founder shares (87) (2,127) (476) 267 Transaction-related expenses 269 8,105 Gain on extinguishment of debt (10,129) (5,913) (46,907) Stock-based compensation 6,818 4,835 19,829 13,357 Loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 361,612 1,434,363 Estimated tax effect of adjustments (29,724) (20,334) (87,925) (58,059) Adjusted net income 35,507 35,752 114,503 116,662 Weighted average shares outstanding Basic (1) 
 16,143,520 16,161,095 16,139,523 16,096,395 Net loss per share basic (24.25) (1.49) (93.43) (3.75) Adjusted EPS 2.20 2.21 7.09 7.25 
 (1) Shares, common stock and additional paid-in capital have been retroactively adjusted for all periods presented to reflect the one-for-forty (1-for-40) reverse stock split that became effective on September 20, 2024. See Note 1 General Information and Basis of Accounting of the Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report for additional information. 
 
 Factors Affecting the Comparability of our Results of Operations 
 As a result of a number of factors, our historical results of operations may not be comparable to our results of operations in future periods and may not be directly comparable from period to period. Set forth below is a brief discussion of the key factors impacting the comparability of our results of operations. 
 Cyberattack on U.S. Healthcare Infrastructure 
 In first quarter 2024, there was a cyberattack on a critical piece of the U.S. healthcare infrastructure from a data security breach that disrupted claims flows upstream from our services. We believe this delayed the receipt of certain medical claims and contributed to lower medical claims volumes in first, second, and third quarter of 2024. 
 BST Acquisition 
 On May 8, 2023, the Company acquired BST, a company offering a next generation suite of solutions that apply modern methods of data science to produce descriptive, predictive and prescriptive analytics that enable customers to optimize decision-making about plan design and network configurations and to support decision-making to improve clinical outcomes, plan performance, and competitive positioning . 
 The results of operations and financial condition of BST have been included in the Company's consolidated results from the date of acquisition. Acquired expenses from the acquisition of BST are included in costs of services and general and administrative expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 33 

Debt Repurchase and Cancellation 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased and cancelled 21.1 million of the Senior Convertible PIK Notes, resulting in the recognition of a gain on debt extinguishment of 5.9 million, representing the difference between the purchase price including associated fees and the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased and cancelled 184.0 million of the 5.750 Notes, resulting in the recognition of a gain on debt extinguishment of 46.9 million, representing the difference between the purchase price including associated fees and the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt. 
 In the year ended December 31, 2023, the Company repurchased and cancelled 184.0 million of the 5.750 Notes and 25.0 million of the Senior Convertible PIK Notes, resulting in the recognition of a gain on debt extinguishment of 46.9 million and 7.1 million, respectively. This gain on debt extinguishment represents the difference between the purchase price including associated fees and the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt. 
 
 Results of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table provides the results of operations for the periods indicated: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Network-Based Services 46,153 56,828 (10,675) (18.8) 138,031 171,171 (33,140) (19.4) Analytics-Based Services 157,704 158,414 (710) (0.4) 477,693 462,275 15,418 3.3 Payment and Revenue Integrity Services 26,638 27,562 (924) (3.4) 82,755 83,943 (1,188) (1.4) Total Revenues 230,495 242,804 (12,309) (5.1) 698,479 717,389 (18,910) (2.6) Costs of services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization of intangible assets shown below) 60,825 60,949 (124) (0.2) 182,271 174,806 7,465 4.3 General and administrative expenses 37,725 36,779 946 2.6 107,133 107,996 (863) (0.8) Depreciation expense 22,572 19,586 2,986 15.2 65,372 56,693 8,679 15.3 Amortization of intangible assets 85,971 85,971 0.0 257,913 256,724 1,189 0.5 Loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets 361,612 361,612 NM 1,434,363 1,434,363 NM Operating (loss) income (338,210) 39,519 (377,729) NM (1,348,573) 121,170 (1,469,743) NM Interest expense 81,792 84,300 (2,508) (3.0) 245,119 250,203 (5,084) (2.0) Interest income (1,245) (1,505) 260 17.3 (2,722) (7,110) 4,388 61.7 Gain on extinguishment of debt (10,129) 10,129 NM (5,913) (46,907) 40,994 87.4 (Gain) loss on change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares (87) (2,127) 2,040 (95.9) (476) 267 (743) 278.3 Net loss before taxes (418,670) (31,020) (387,650) NM (1,584,581) (75,283) (1,509,298) NM Benefit for income taxes (27,220) (6,875) (20,345) 295.9 (76,715) (14,977) (61,738) 412.2 Net loss (391,450) (24,145) (367,305) NM (1,507,866) (60,306) (1,447,560) NM 
 _____________________ 
 NM = Not meaningful 
 34 

Revenues 
 Revenues decreased by 12.3 million, or 5.1 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease in revenues was due to the decrease in Network-Based Services revenues of 10.7 million, the decrease in Analytics-Based Services revenues of 0.7 million, and the decrease in Payment and Revenue Integrity Services Revenues of 0.9 million during this time period. 
 Revenues decreased by 18.9 million, or 2.6 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease in revenues was due to the decrease in Network-Based Services revenues of 33.1 million and the decrease in Payment and Revenue Integrity Services revenues of 1.2 million, offset by the increase in Analytics-Based Services revenues of 15.4 million during this time period, as explained below. 
 Network-Based Services revenues decreased 10.7 million, or 18.8 , in the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Approximately 4.1 million of the decrease was primarily related to customer and program attrition, and approximately 6.6 million of the reduction was from lower medical savings on PSAV claims received from customers and substitution of Analytics-Based Services in lieu of Network-Based Services. These factors contributed to the decrease in Network-Based Services PSAV revenues of 7.6 million, the decrease in PEPM network revenues of 2.0 million, and the decrease in other network revenues of 1.1 million. 
 Network-Based Services revenues decreased 33.1 million, or 19.4 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Approximately 12.3 million of the decrease was primarily related to customer and program attrition, and approximately 20.8 million of the reduction was from lower medical savings on PSAV claims received from customers and substitution of Analytics-Based Services in lieu of Network-Based Services. Medical savings were impacted by reduced claims volumes from a cyberattack at a major claims clearinghouse, which disrupted claims flows across the healthcare industry and ultimately downstream to our platform. These factors contributed to the decrease in Network-Based Services PSAV revenues of 26.9 million and the decrease in PEPM network revenues of 5.9 million and the decrease in other network revenues of 0.3 million. 
 Analytics-Based Services revenues decreased by 0.7 million, or 0.4 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease in revenue was primarily due to the decrease in Analytics-Based Services PSAV revenues of 1.0 million primarily related to customer and program attrition, offset by the increase in revenue from the increase in medical savings on PSAV claims. This decrease in PSAV revenues was offset by the increase in PEPM and other revenues of 0.3 million. Acquired revenues from BST increased by 0.4 million during this period. 
 Analytics-Based Services revenues increased 15.4 million, or 3.3 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase in revenues was primarily due to the increase in Analytics-Based Services PSAV revenues of 5.6 million as a result of increases in medical savings on PSAV claims, and the increase in PEPM and other revenues of 9.8 million, including an increase in acquired revenues of 5.9 million from the acquisition of BST. 
 Payment and Revenue Integrity Services revenues decreased by 0.9 million, or 3.4 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily in our pre-payment lines of business, offset by increases in our post-payment and revenue integrity lines of business. The decrease in Payment and Revenue Integrity Services was primarily in our PSAV revenues which declined by 0.9 million. 
 Payment and Revenue Integrity Services revenues decreased by 1.2 million, or 1.4 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease was primarily in our pre-payment lines of business, offset by increases in our post-payment and revenue integrity lines of business. The decrease in Payment and Revenue Integrity Services was primarily in our PSAV revenues which declined by 1.2 million. 
 35 

Costs of Services (exclusive of depreciation and amortization of intangible assets) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Personnel expenses excluding stock-based compensation 48,984 49,426 (442) (0.9) 148,470 143,662 4,808 3.3 Stock-based compensation 1,940 1,523 417 27.4 5,994 3,940 2,054 52.1 Personnel expenses including stock-based compensation 50,924 50,949 (25) 0.0 154,464 147,602 6,862 4.6 Access and bill review fees 5,772 4,698 1,074 22.9 15,343 14,497 846 5.8 Other costs of services 4,129 5,302 (1,173) (22.1) 12,464 12,707 (243) (1.9) Total costs of services 60,825 60,949 (124) (0.2) 182,271 174,806 7,465 4.3 
 The decrease in costs of services of 0.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to net expense decreases in miscellaneous other costs of services that are not individually material, offset by increases in access and bill review fees, primarily in claims processing expenses. BST contributed 1.8 million to total costs of services for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The increase in costs of services of 7.5 million, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was primarily due to increases in personnel expenses of 6.9 million related to year-over-year increases in employee headcount, compensation, and stock-based compensation, including increases in personnel costs from the acquisition of BST of 2.9 million, offset by reductions in fringe benefit expenses. 
 BST contributed 6.8 million to total costs of services in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 2.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Change Nine Months Ended September 30, Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 General and administrative expenses excluding stock-based compensation and transaction-related expenses 32,847 33,198 (351) (1.1) 93,298 90,474 2,824 3.1 Stock-based compensation 4,878 3,312 1,566 47.3 13,835 9,417 4,418 46.9 Transaction-related expenses 269 (269) (100.0) 8,105 (8,105) (100.0) Total general and administrative expenses 37,725 36,779 946 2.6 107,133 107,996 (863) (0.8) 
 The increase in general and administrative expenses of 0.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the increase in stock-based compensation of 1.6 million. The decrease in general and administrative expenses excluding stock-based compensation and transaction-related expenses, of 0.4 million was primarily due to a 6.8 million increase in capitalized software development and decreases in miscellaneous other expenses that are not individually material, partially offset by increases in personnel expenses excluding stock-based compensation of 4.1 million and increases in professional fees of 2.4 million. 
 BST contributed 1.1 million to total general and administrative expenses for the three months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 4.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease in BST general and administrative expenses is primarily due to increases in capitalized software development and to reductions in BST acquired general and administrative expenses and transfers of certain expenses to costs of services as BST is integrated into the organization. 
 The increase in general and administrative expenses of 0.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the decrease in transaction costs of 8.1 million, partially offset by increases in stock-based compensation of 4.4 million and increases in other general and administrative expenses excluding stock-based compensation and transaction-related expenses of 2.8 million. This 2.8 million increase was primarily due to increases in personnel expenses, excluding stock-based compensation, of 18.8 million, increases in 
 36 

professional fees of 6.3 million, and increases in equipment lease and maintenance expenses of 3.0 million, partially offset by increases in capitalized software development of 24.6 million, and decreases in other net general and administrative expenses of 0.8 million that are not individually material. 
 The increase in personnel expenses of 18.8 million primarily related to year-over-year increases in employee headcount, compensation, and related fringe benefits, including increases in BST personnel expenses of 3.5 million. 
 BST contributed 3.4 million to total general and administrative expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to 5.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This decrease in BST general and administrative expenses is primarily due increases in capitalized software development and to reductions in BST acquired general and administrative expenses and transfers of certain expenses to costs of services as BST is integrated into the organization. 
 Depreciation Expense 
 The increases in depreciation expenses of 3.0 million, or 15.2 , and 8.7 million, or 15.3 , for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, were due to purchases of property and equipment, including internally generated capitalized software, partially offset by assets that were written-off or became fully depreciated in the period. 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 The increase in amortization of intangible assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the acquisition of BST and the intangibles acquired in the transaction. 
 Loss on Impairment of Goodwill and Intangible Assets 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, in connection with quantitative impairment testing performed on our goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles, we recorded a loss on impairment of goodwill and indefinite-lived intangibles of 361.6 million and 1,434.4 million, respectively. The loss on impairment of goodwill and intangible assets was primarily due to the use of lower projected cash flows and lower EBITDA multiples. 
 Interest Expense 
 The decrease in interest expense of 2.5 million and 5.1 million, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily due to reductions in interest expense due to the swap rate agreements reducing our total interest on the Term Loan B for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and to a lower debt balances primarily due to the repurchase and cancellation of our 5.750 Notes in 2023 and Senior Convertible PIK Notes in 2023 and 2024. Our annualized weighted average cash interest rate decreased by 0.18 across our total debt in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our long-term debt was 4,510.2 million and included (i) a 1,272.0 million Term Loan B, excluding the current portion of Term Loan B of 13.3 million, (ii) 1,050.0 million of 5.50 Senior Secured Notes, (iii) 979.8 million of 5.750 Notes, (iv) 1,253.9 million of Senior Convertible PIK Notes, and net of (v) a discount on Term Loan B of 7.9 million, (vi) a discount on Senior Convertible PIK Notes of 15.2 million, and (vii) debt issue costs of 22.5 million. 
 As of December 31, 2023, our long-term debt was 4,532.7 million and included (i) a 1,281.9 million Term Loan B, excluding the current portion of Term Loan B of 13.3 million, (ii) 1,050.0 million of 5.50 Senior Secured Notes, (iii) 979.8 million of 5.750 Notes, (iv) 1,275.0 million of Senior Convertible PIK Notes, and net of (v) a discount on Term Loan B of 9.3 million, (vi) a discount on Senior Convertible PIK Notes of 18.8 million, and (vii) debt issue costs of 25.9 million. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, our total debt had an annualized weighted average cash interest rate of 6.79 and 6.97 , respectively. As of December 31, 2023, our total debt had a weighted average cash interest rate of 6.83 . 
 Interest Income 
 The decreases in interest income of 0.3 million and 4.4 million f or the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 , respectively, as compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 were primarily due to less interest earned on interest bearing bank accounts resulting from lower average invested cash and cash equivalents balances. 
 37 

Gain on extinguishment of debt 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased and cancelled 21.1 million of the Senior Convertible PIK Notes, resulting in the recognition of a gain on debt extinguishment of 5.9 million, representing the difference between the reacquisition price of the debt and the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased and cancelled 184.0 million of the 5.750 Notes, resulting in the recognition of a gain on debt extinguishment of 46.9 million, representing the difference between the purchase price including associated fees and the net carrying amount of the extinguished debt. 
 Change in fair value of Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares 
 The Company re-measures the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and Unvested Founder Shares at each reporting period. From December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024, the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants decreased by 0.2 million and the fair value of the Unvested Founder Shares decreased by 0.3 million . The decrease was primarily due to the decrease in the stock price of the Company's Class A common stock and the passage of time over that period . 
 Benefit for income taxes 
 Net loss before income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024 of 418.7 million generated a benefit for income taxes of 27.2 million. Net loss before income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2023 of 31.0 million generated a benefit for income taxes of 6.9 million. 
 Net loss before income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 1,584.6 million generated a benefit for income taxes of 76.7 million. Net loss before income taxes for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 75.3 million generated a benefit for income taxes of 15.0 million. 
 The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 differed from the statutory rate primarily due to stock compensation expense, limitations on executive compensation, non-deductible goodwill impairment, and state taxes. The effective tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 differed from the statutory rate primarily due to stock-based compensation expense, non-deductible mark-to-market liability, non-deductible transaction costs due to the BST acquisition and state tax expense. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 97.2 million , which includes restricted cash of 10.6 million. As of September 30, 2024 , we had 442.1 million of loan availability under the revolving credit facility. As of September 30, 2024, we had four letters of credit totaling 7.9 million of utilization against the revolving credit facility. Three letters of credit are used to satisfy real estate lease agreements for three of our offices in lieu of security deposits in the amount of 1.8 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company also has an irrevocable letter of credit to satisfy the obligations of a subsidiary in the amount of 6.1 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 On February 27, 2023, the Board approved a share repurchase program authorizing the Company to repurchase up to 100.0 million of its Class A common stock from time to time in open market transactions. The repurchase program was effective immediately and expires on December 31, 2024. As of September 30, 2024, the Company has repurchased its Class A common stock as part of this program using cash on hand for an aggregate amount of 25.6 million including commissions, of which 10.4 million was spent during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are internally generated funds combined with our borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility. We believe these sources will provide sufficient liquidity for us to meet our working capital and capital expenditure and other cash requirements for the next twelve months and a least through the current maturities of our debt starting in 2027. We may from time to time at our sole discretion, purchase, redeem, or retire our long-term debt, through tender offers, in privately negotiated or open market transactions or otherwise. We plan to finance our capital expenditures with cash from operations. Furthermore, our future liquidity and future ability to fund capital expenditures, working capital, and debt requirements are also dependent upon our future financial performance, which is subject to many economic, commercial, financial, and other factors that are beyond our control, including the ability of financial institutions to meet their lending obligations to us. If those factors significantly change, our business may not be able to generate sufficient cash flow from operations or future borrowings may not be available to meet our liquidity needs. We anticipate that to the extent we require additional liquidity as a result of these factors or in order to execute our strategy, it would be financed either by borrowings under our senior secured credit facilities, by other indebtedness, additional equity financings, or a combination of the foregoing. We may be unable to obtain any such additional financing on reasonable terms or at all. 
 38 

Cash Flow Summary 
 The following table is derived from our unaudited condensed consolidated statements of cash flows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash flows provided by (used in): Operating activities 141,029 144,018 Investing activities (87,689) (218,449) Financing activities (37,666) (158,514) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 Cash flows from operating activities decreased by 3.0 million, or 2.1 , primarily due to lower earnings once adjusted for non-cash items, partially offset by favorable changes in working capital. Changes in our working capital requirements reflect the increase in accrued taxes and the decrease in the current value of our cash flow derivatives, partially offset by an increase in our trade receivables and other assets. 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities decreased 130.8 million, or 59.9 , as compared to the prior-year period, primarily due to the acquisition of BST during the prior-year period. 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 Net cash used in financing activities decreased 120.8 million, or 76.2 , as compared to the prior-year period, primarily due to lower repurchases of debt instruments by 120.1 million. 
 
 Term Loans and Revolvers 
 On August 24, 2021, MPH issued new senior secured credit facilities composed of 1,325.0 million of Term Loan B and 450.0 million of Revolver B. 
 Interest on Term Loan B and Revolver B is calculated, at MPH's option, as (a) Term SOFR (or, with respect to the term loan facility only, 0.50 , if higher), plus the applicable SOFR adjustment, plus the applicable margin, or (b) the highest rate of (1) the prime rate, (2) the federal funds effective rate, plus 0.50 , (3) the Term SOFR for an interest period of one month, plus the applicable SOFR adjustment, plus 1.00 and (4) 0.50 for Term Loan B and 1.00 for Revolver B, in each case, plus an applicable margin of 4.25 for Term Loan B and between 3.50 and 4.00 for Revolver B, depending on MPH's first lien debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio. The interest rate in effect for Term Loan B was 9.57 as of September 30, 2024. 
 Prior to July 1, 2023, the London Interbank Offered Rate was used to calculate the interest on Term Loan B and Revolver B. 
 The Company is exposed to interest rate risk on its floating rate debt. On September 12, 2023, the Company entered into interest rate swap agreements with a total notional value of 800.0 million to effectively convert a portion of its floating rate debt to a fixed-rate basis of 4.59 as a weighted-average across the three swaps. The interest rate swap agreements are effective August 31, 2023 and mature on August 31, 2026. The Company entered into these agreements to eliminate or reduce the volatility of the cash flows in interest payments associated with the Company's floating rate debt, thus reducing the impact of interest rate changes on future interest payment cash flows. The Company's interest rate swaps are highly effective at offsetting the changes in cash outflows and therefore designated as cash flow hedging instruments. The blended rate for Term 
 39 

Loan B factoring in the effect of the interest rate swap agreements was 9.41 as of September 30, 2024 and 9.53 as of December 31, 2023. 
 Term Loan B matures on September 1, 2028 and Revolver B matures on August 24, 2026. 
 We are obligated to pay a commitment fee on the average daily unused amount of our revolving credit facility. The annual commitment fee rate was 0.50 at September 30, 2024 and 0.50 at September 30, 2023. The fee can range from an annual rate of 0.25 to 0.50 based on our consolidated first lien debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio, as defined in the agreement. 
 
 Senior Notes 
 On October 8, 2020, the Company issued 1,300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of Senior Convertible PIK Notes. The Senior Convertible PIK Notes were issued with a 2.5 discount with a maturity date of October 15, 2027. 
 The Senior Convertible PIK Notes are convertible into shares of Class A common stock based on a 520.00 conversion price, subject to customary anti-dilution adjustments. The interest rate on the Senior Convertible PIK Notes is fixed at 6 in cash and 7 in kind, and is payable semi-annually on April 15 and October 15 of each year. 
 On October 29, 2020, the Company issued 1,300.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the 5.750 Notes. The 5.750 Notes are guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis jointly and severally by the Company and its subsidiaries and have a maturation date of November 1, 2028. The 5.750 Notes were issued at par. The interest rate on the 5.750 Notes is fixed at 5.750 , and the interest is payable semi-annually on May 1 and November 1 of each year. 
 On August 24, 2021 MPH issued 1,050.0 million in aggregate principal amount of 5.50 Senior Secured Notes with a maturation date of September 1, 2028. The interest rate on the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes is fixed at 5.50 , and is payable semi-annually on March 1 and September 1 of each year. The 5.50 Senior Secured Notes are guaranteed and secured as described below under "Guarantees and Security". 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased and cancelled 21.1 million of the Senior Convertible PIK Notes, resulting in the recognition of a gain on debt extinguishment of 5.9 million. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased and cancelled 137.8 million of the 5.750 Notes, resulting in the recognition of a gain on debt extinguishment of 46.9 million. 
 
 Debt Covenants and Events of Default 
 We are subject to certain affirmative and negative debt covenants under the debt agreements governing our indebtedness that limit our and/or certain of our subsidiaries' ability to engage in specific types of transactions. These covenants limit our and/or certain of our subsidiaries' ability to, among other things: 
 incur additional indebtedness or issue disqualified or preferred stock; 
 pay certain dividends or make certain distributions on capital stock or repurchase or redeem capital stock; 
 make certain loans, investments, or other restricted payments; 
 transfer or sell certain assets; 
 incur certain liens; 
 place restrictions on the ability of its subsidiaries to pay dividends or make other payments to us; 
 guarantee indebtedness or incur other contingent obligations; 
 prepay junior debt and make certain investments; 
 consummate any merger, consolidation or amalgamation, or liquidate, wind up or dissolve itself (or suffer any liquidation or dissolution), or dispose of all or substantially all of its business units, assets or other properties; and 
 engage in transactions with our affiliates. 
 40 

Certain covenants related to the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes will cease to apply to the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes if such notes have investment grade ratings from both Moody s Investors Service, Inc. and S P Global Ratings. 
 The Revolver Ratio is such that, if, as of the last day of any fiscal quarter of MPH, the aggregate amount of loans under the revolving credit facility, letters of credit issued under the revolving credit facility (to the extent not cash collateralized or backstopped or, in the aggregate, in excess of 10.0 million) and swingline loans are outstanding and/or issued in an aggregate amount greater than 35 of the total commitments in respect of the revolving credit facility at such time, the revolving credit facility will require MPH to maintain a maximum first lien secured leverage ratio of 6.75 to 1.00. Our consolidated first lien debt to consolidated EBITDA ratio was 3.82 times, 3.63 times, and 3.70 times as of September 30, 2024, September 30, 2023, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 we were in compliance with all of the debt covenants. 
 The debt agreements governing the senior secured credit facilities, the 5.750 Notes and the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes contain customary events of default, subject to grace periods and exceptions, which include, among others, payment defaults, cross-defaults to certain material indebtedness, certain events of bankruptcy, material judgments, in the case of the debt agreements governing the senior secured credit facilities and the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes, failure of a guarantee on the liens on material collateral to remain in effect, in the case of the debt agreements governing the senior secured credit facilities, any change of control. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under such debt agreements, the lenders and holders of such debt will be permitted to accelerate the loans and terminate the commitments, as applicable, thereunder and exercise other specified remedies available to the lenders and holders thereunder. 
 On September 10, 2024, the Company announced that it is exploring ways to ensure its capital structure enables the Company to operate as efficiently and sustainably as possible and is in discussions with several MultiPlan debt holders to establish a capital structure that will help the Company facilitate its transformation into a data and technology-forward company focused on improving transparency, quality, and affordability in healthcare. 
 See the footnotes to the EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA reconciliation table provided above under Non-GAAP Financial Measures for material differences between the financial information of MultiPlan and MPH. 
 Guarantees and Security 
 All obligations under the debt agreements governing the senior secured credit facilities and the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes are unconditionally guaranteed by MPH Acquisition Corp. 1, the direct holding company parent of MPH, and each existing and subsequently acquired or organized direct or indirect wholly owned U.S. organized restricted subsidiary of MPH (subject to certain exceptions). All such obligations, and the guarantees of such obligations, are secured, subject to permitted liens and other exceptions, by a first priority lien shared between the senior secured credit facilities and the 5.50 Senior Secured Notes on substantially all of MPH s and the subsidiary guarantors tangible and intangible property, and a pledge of all of the capital stock of each of their respective subsidiaries. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 In preparing our Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, we are required to make judgments, assumptions, and estimates, which we believe are reasonable and prudent based on the available facts and circumstances. These judgments, assumptions and estimates affect certain of our revenues and expenses and their related balance sheet accounts and disclosure of our contingent liabilities. We base our assumptions and estimates primarily on historical experience and consider known and projected trends. On an ongoing basis, we re-evaluate our selection of assumptions and the method of calculating our estimates. Actual results, however, may materially differ from our calculated estimates, and this difference would be reported in our current operations. 
 For a detailed description of our critical accounting estimates, see Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 in our 2023 Annual Report. For a detailed discussion of our significant accounting policies, see Note 2 of Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 Customer Concentration 
 Three customers individually accounted for 25 , 22 and 8 of revenues for the year ended December 31, 2023. The loss of the business of one or more of our larger customers could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. For further discussion on our customer concentration, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 41 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 1 General Information and Basis of Accounting of the Notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements included in this Quarterly Report for additional information. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 See Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk below. 
 
 Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting 
 For further information on the Company s internal controls over financial reporting see Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Reference is made to our 2023 Annual Report and in particular Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure about Market Risk therein. As of September 30, 2024, there were no material changes in the market risks described in our 2023 Annual Report. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, the Company conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. 
 Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officers have concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were designed at a reasonable assurance level and were effective to provide reasonable assurance that the information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 Management recognizes that a control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud or error, if any, have been detected. 
 42 

Part II - Other Information 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We are a defendant in various lawsuits and other pending and threatened litigation and other adversarial matters as well as regulatory investigations, all of which have arisen in the ordinary course of business. While the ultimate outcome with respect to such proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe they will not have a material adverse effect on our financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 Other than as set forth below, there have been no material changes during the three months ended September 30, 2024 to the risk factors previously disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors in the Company's 2023 Annual Report. 
 We completed a 1-for-40 reverse stock split of our shares of common stock, which may have adverse effects on the trading of our common stock. 
 On March 28, 2024, we received a notice from the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE that we were no longer in compliance with Section 802.01C of the NYSE Listed Company Manual Section 802.01C ), which requires listed companies to maintain an average closing price per share of at least 1.00 over a 30 consecutive trading-day period. On August 6, 2024, at a Special Meeting of Stockholders our stockholders approved, and on September 20, 2024 we effected, a 1-for-40 reverse stock split (the Reverse Stock Split ), and our common stock began trading on a split-adjusted basis on September 23, 2024. On September 30, 2024, we received a letter from the NYSE stating that we regained compliance with Section 802.01C. However, the effect that the Reverse Stock Split will have on the market price of our common stock cannot be predicted with certainty, and if our common stock again does not maintain an average closing price per share of at least 1.00 over a 30 consecutive trading-day period, we would receive another notice of non-compliance from the NYSE and would be provided a period of six months from the date of such notice to regain compliance with Section 802.01C. There can be no assurance that the per share price of our common stock will continue to meet the price criteria or other requirements for continued listing of our common stock on the NYSE. 
 We operate in a litigious environment which may adversely affect our financial results. 
 We may, and in the past have, become involved in legal actions and claims arising in the ordinary course of business, including litigation regarding employment matters, breach of contract, violations of laws and regulations, and other commercial matters. Further, we are the subject of government investigations from time to time. Due to the inherent uncertainty in the litigation process, the resolution of any particular legal proceeding could result in changes to our products and business practices and could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations. 
 Healthcare providers have become more resistant to the use of cost management techniques and are engaging in litigation to avoid application of cost management practices. Litigation brought by healthcare providers as well as client members has challenged insurers' claims adjudication and reimbursement decisions, and healthcare cost management providers, such as MultiPlan, are sometimes made party to such suits or involved in related litigation. Further, MultiPlan may be, and has been in the past, made party to such lawsuits or litigation may be brought independently against MultiPlan under various legal bases, including, breach of contract, misrepresentation, unjust enrichment, antitrust, or violations of ERISA or RICO, and may be made under other legal bases or theories in the future. Such litigation is increasingly brought involving multiple parties, multiple claims or on a class-wide basis. We and our subsidiaries have and may, in the future, become involved in such litigation. 
 For example, and relating to litigation on the basis of alleged violation of antitrust laws, the Company has been named in numerous federal lawsuits, including putative class action lawsuits, asserting that, among other things, the Company is conspiring with commercial health insurance payors to suppress out of network reimbursements in violation of applicable antitrust law. These lawsuits were initially filed in various venues, including the Southern District of New York, the Northern District of Illinois, and the Northern District of California, naming the Company and, in certain cases, certain payors, as defendants. The lawsuits have now been centralized in the Northern District of Illinois pursuant to a transfer order issued by the federal Judicial Panel on Multidistrict Litigation and assigned to the Honorable Matthew F. Kennelly. The Court has ordered consolidated complaints to be filed by November 18, 2024, with motion to dismiss briefing to follow. We believe these lawsuits are without merit and intend to vigorously defend the Company. 
 Because we operate in an industry that is highly-regulated and where such regulations are continuously evolving, we cannot assure you that new federal and state laws and regulations or other changes that adversely impact healthcare providers or insurers will not lead to increased litigation risk to us and other cost management providers and insurers. Exacerbating this risk 
 43 

is that many healthcare providers and insurers have greater financial resources than us and other healthcare cost management providers have and may be more willing to engage in, and devote resources to, litigation as a result. In addition, certain of the agreements we enter into include indemnification provisions that may subject us to costs and damages in the event of a claim against an indemnified party. 
 We maintain insurance coverage for certain types of claims; however, such insurance coverage may not apply or may be insufficient to cover all losses or all types of claims that may arise. Further, even if we were to prevail in any particular dispute, litigation could be costly and time-consuming and divert the attention of our management and key personnel from our business operations. 
 Lawsuits of the types set out above could materially adversely affect our result, especially if they proliferate. In addition, such lawsuits may affect our customers' use of our products and services, especially our cost management products and services. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 (a) During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our officers or directors or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities that was intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement." 
 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 Incorporated by Reference Exhibit Number Description Form File No. Exhibit Filing Date Filed Herewith 3.1 Certificate of Amendment to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of MultiPlan Corporation filed September 20, 2024. 
 8-K 001-39228 3.1 September 20, 2024 10.1 Transition Letter, dated July 3 1, 2024, between MultiPlan Corporation and James Head. 
 8-K 001-39228 10.1 August 1, 2024 10.2 Employment Agreement, dated July 31, 2024, between MultiPlan Corporation and Douglas Garis. 
 8-K 001-39228 10.2 August 1, 2024 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13-a - 14(a) and 15-d-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13-a - 14(a) and 15-d-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. of Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. of Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 X 101 The following financial information from MultiPlan Corporation's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 formatted in Inline XBRL (Extensible Business Reporting Language) includes: (i) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income (Loss) and Comprehensive Income (Loss), (iii) the Unaudited Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity, (iv) the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) Notes to the Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) X 
 
 44 

SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Quarterly Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 
 Dated: November 6, 2024 
 MULTIPLAN CORPORATION By: /s/ Doug M. Garis Doug M. Garis Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 45 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Travis Dalton, certify that 
 1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of MultiPlan Corporation 
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 6, 2024 

s Travis Dalton Travis Dalton Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULES 13A-14(A) AND 15D-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Douglas M. Garis, certify that 
 1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of MultiPlan Corporation 
 2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 6, 2024 

s Douglas M. Garis Douglas M. Garis Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of MultiPlan Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Travis Dalton, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated November 6, 2024 

s Travis Dalton Travis Dalton Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of MultiPlan Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Douglas M. Garis, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. 
 To my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated November 6, 2024 

s Douglas M. Garis Douglas M. Garis Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mpln-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mpln-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mpln-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mpln-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mpln-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

