<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_81018_0000081018-24-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8319625</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>75089</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1284790</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3396634</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1803633</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1568955</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000081018-24-000016.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031151043
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000081018-24-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		71
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PUBLIC SERVICE CO OF COLORADO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000081018
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	ELECTRIC & OTHER SERVICES COMBINED [4931]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				840296600
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CO
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-03280
		FILM NUMBER:		241414843

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1800 LARIMER STREET
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80202
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3035717511

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		P O BOX 840 STE 300
		CITY:			DENVER
		STATE:			CO
		ZIP:			80201

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000081018-24-000016.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 psco-20240930.htm
 10-Q

psco-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended Sept. 30, 2024 
 or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ____________ to ___________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 
 Public Service Company of Colorado (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 N/A (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered N/A N/A N/A 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Outstanding at October 31, 2024 Common Stock, 0.01 par value shares 
 Public Service Company of Colorado meets the conditions set forth in General Instructions H(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-Q and is therefore filing this Form 10-Q with the reduced disclosure format specified in General Instruction H(2) to such Form 10-Q. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Common Stockholder s Equity 
 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 18 
 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
 21 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 22 
 Item 5 Other Information 
 22 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 22 
 SIGNATURES 
 23 
 
 This Form 10-Q is filed by PSCo, a Colorado corporation. PSCo is a wholly owned subsidiary of Xcel Energy Inc. Additional information on Xcel Energy is available in various filings with the SEC. This report should be read in its entirety. 

Definitions of Abbreviations 
 Xcel Energy Inc. s Subsidiaries and Affiliates (current and former) e prime e prime inc. NSP-Minnesota Northern States Power Company, a Minnesota corporation NSP-Wisconsin Northern States Power Company, a Wisconsin corporation PSCo Public Service Company of Colorado SPS Southwestern Public Service Company Utility subsidiaries NSP-Minnesota, NSP-Wisconsin, PSCo and SPS Xcel Energy Xcel Energy Inc. and its subsidiaries 
 Federal and State Regulatory Agencies CPUC Colorado Public Utilities Commission EPA United States Environmental Protection Agency FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board FERC Federal Energy Regulatory Commission SEC Securities and Exchange Commission 
 Other ASU Accounting standards update C I Commercial and Industrial CCR Coal combustion residuals CCR Rule Final rule (40 CFR 257.50 - 257.107) published by the EPA regulating the management, storage and disposal of CCRs as a nonhazardous waste CEO Chief executive officer CERCLA Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act 
 CFO Chief financial officer CORE CORE Electric Cooperative CPCN Certificate of public convenience and necessity CSPV Crystalline Silicon Photovoltaic ETR Effective Tax Rate GAAP United States generally accepted accounting principles IPP Independent power producing entity MGP Manufactured gas plant O M Operating and maintenance PFAS Per- and Polyfluoroalkyl Substances 
 PIM Performance incentive mechanism PPA Power purchase agreement PSPS Public safety power shutoff PTC Production tax credit ROE Return on equity VIE Variable interest entity WMP Wildfire mitigation plan 
 Measurements MW Megawatts 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Except for the historical statements contained in this report, the matters discussed herein are forward-looking statements that are subject to certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Such forward-looking statements, including those relating to future sales, future expenses, future tax rates, future operating performance, estimated base capital expenditures and financing plans, projected capital additions and forecasted annual revenue requirements with respect to rider filings, expected rate increases to customers, expectations and intentions regarding regulatory proceedings, expected pension contributions, and expected impact on our results of operations, financial condition and cash flows of legal proceeding outcomes, as well as assumptions and other statements are intended to be identified in this document by the words anticipate, believe, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, objective, outlook, plan, project, possible, potential, should, will, would and similar expressions. Actual results may vary materially. Forward-looking statements speak only as of the date they are made, and we expressly disclaim any obligation to update any forward-looking information. The following factors, in addition to those discussed in PSCo s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended Dec. 31, 2023 and subsequent filings with the SEC, could cause actual results to differ materially from management expectations as suggested by such forward-looking information: operational safety; successful long-term operational planning; commodity risks associated with energy markets and production; rising energy prices and fuel costs; qualified employee workforce and third-party contractor factors; violations of our Codes of Conduct; our ability to recover costs; changes in regulation; reductions in our credit ratings and the cost of maintaining certain contractual relationships; general economic conditions, including recessionary conditions, inflation rates, monetary fluctuations, supply chain constraints and their impact on capital expenditures and/or the ability of PSCo to obtain financing on favorable terms; availability or cost of capital; our customers and counterparties ability to pay their debts to us; assumptions and costs relating to funding our employee benefit plans and health care benefits; tax laws; uncertainty regarding epidemics, the duration and magnitude of business restrictions including shutdowns (domestically and globally), the potential impact on the workforce, including shortages of employees or third-party contractors due to quarantine policies, vaccination requirements or government restrictions, impacts on the transportation of goods and the generalized impact on the economy; effects of geopolitical events, including war and acts of terrorism; cybersecurity threats and data security breaches; seasonal weather patterns; changes in environmental laws and regulations; climate change and other weather events; natural disaster and resource depletion, including compliance with any accompanying legislative and regulatory changes; costs of potential regulatory penalties and wildfire damages in excess of liability insurance coverage; regulatory changes and/or limitations related to the use of natural gas as an energy source; challenging labor market conditions and our ability to attract and retain a qualified workforce; and our ability to execute on our strategies or achieve expectations related to environmental, social and governance matters including as a result of evolving legal, regulatory and other standards, processes, and assumptions, the pace of scientific and technological developments, increased costs, the availability of requisite financing, and changes in carbon markets. 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 PUBLIC SERVICE CO. OF COLORADO AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 (amounts in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Sept. 30 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating revenues Electric Natural gas Other Total operating revenues Operating expenses Electric fuel and purchased power Cost of natural gas sold and transported Cost of sales other Operating and maintenance expenses Demand side management expenses Depreciation and amortization Taxes (other than income taxes) Loss on Comanche Unit 3 litigation Total operating expenses Operating income Other income, net Allowance for funds used during construction equity Interest charges and financing costs Interest charges and other financing costs Allowance for funds used during construction debt ) ) ) ) Total interest charges and financing costs Income before income taxes Income tax expense Net income 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PUBLIC SERVICE CO. OF COLORADO AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (UNAUDITED) 
 (amounts in millions) 
 Three Months Ended Sept. 30 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income Pension and retiree medical benefits: Reclassification of losses to net income, net of tax ) Derivative instruments: Reclassification of losses to net income, net of tax Total other comprehensive income Total comprehensive income 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 PUBLIC SERVICE CO. OF COLORADO AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (UNAUDITED) 
 (amounts in millions) 
 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 2024 2023 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Deferred income taxes ) Allowance for equity funds used during construction ) ) Provision for bad debts Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable Accrued unbilled revenues Inventories ) Other current assets Accounts payable ) ) Net regulatory assets and liabilities Other current liabilities ) Pension and other employee benefit obligations ) Other, net ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Utility capital/construction expenditures ) ) Investments in utility money pool arrangement ) ) Repayments from utility money pool arrangement Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities Repayments of short-term borrowings, net ) ) Borrowings under utility money pool arrangement Repayments under utility money pool arrangement ) ) Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Repayments of long-term debt ) Capital contributions from parent Dividends paid to parent ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest (net of amounts capitalized) ) ) Cash received (paid) for income taxes, net; includes proceeds from tax credit transfers ) Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing transactions: Accrued property, plant and equipment additions Inventory transfers to property, plant and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Allowance for equity funds used during construction 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 PUBLIC SERVICE CO. OF COLORADO AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (UNAUDITED) 
 (amounts in millions, except share and per share data) Sept. 30, 2024 Dec. 31, 2023 Assets Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Accounts receivable from affiliates Accrued unbilled revenues Inventories Regulatory assets Derivative instruments Prepayments and other Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Other assets Regulatory assets Derivative instruments Operating lease right-of-use assets Other Total other assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Current liabilities Current portion of long-term debt Borrowings under utility money pool arrangement Short-term debt Accounts payable Accounts payable to affiliates Regulatory liabilities Taxes accrued Accrued interest Dividends payable to parent Derivative instruments Operating lease liabilities Other Total current liabilities Deferred credits and other liabilities Deferred income taxes Regulatory liabilities Asset retirement obligations Customer advances Pension and employee benefit obligations Operating lease liabilities Other Total deferred credits and other liabilities Commitments and contingencies Common stock shares authorized of par value; shares outstanding at Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total common stockholder's equity Total liabilities and equity 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 PUBLIC SERVICE CO. OF COLORADO AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMMON STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY (UNAUDITED) 
 (amounts in millions, except share data) 
 Common Stock Issued Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Common Stockholder's Equity Shares Par Value Additional Paid In Capital Three Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 and 2023 Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income Dividends declared to parent ) ) Contribution of capital by parent Balance at Sept. 30, 2023 ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net income Dividends declared to parent ) ) Contribution of capital by parent Balance at Sept. 30, 2024 ) Common Stock Issued Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Common Stockholder's Equity Shares Par Value Additional Paid In Capital Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 and 2023 Balance at Dec. 31, 2022 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared to parent ) ) Contribution of capital by parent Balance at Sept. 30, 2023 ) Balance at Dec. 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared to parent ) ) Contribution of capital by parent Balance at Sept. 30, 2024 ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

8 

Table of Contents 

 PUBLIC SERVICE CO. OF COLORADO AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (UNAUDITED) 
 
 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 

2. Accounting Pronouncements 

3. Selected Balance Sheet Data 
 
 Less allowance for bad debts ) ) Accounts receivable, net 
 Fuel Natural gas Total inventories 
 Natural gas plant Common and other property Plant to be retired (a) 
 Construction work in progress Total property, plant and equipment Less accumulated depreciation ) ) Property, plant and equipment, net 

4. Borrowings and Other Financing Instruments 

9 

Table of Contents 

 Amount outstanding at period end Average amount outstanding Maximum amount outstanding Weighted average interest rate, computed on a daily basis N/A Weighted average interest rate at period end N/A 
 Commercial Paper 
 Amount outstanding at period end Average amount outstanding Maximum amount outstanding Weighted average interest rate, computed on a daily basis N/A Weighted average interest rate at period end N/A 
 Letters of Credit PSCo uses letters of credit, generally with terms of , to provide financial guarantees for certain obligations. At Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, there were million and million, respectively, of letters of credit outstanding under the credit facility. Amounts approximate their f air value and are subject to fees. 
 Revolving Credit Facility In order to issue its commercial paper, PSCo must have a revolving credit facility equal to or greater than the amount of its commercial paper borrowing limit and cannot issue commercial paper exceeding available capacity under this credit facility. 
 The credit facility provides short-term financing in the form of notes payable to banks, letters of credit and back-up support for commercial paper borrowings. 
 PSCo has the right to request an extension of the revolving credit facility termination date for additional periods. All extension requests are subject to majority bank group approval. 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 All credit facility bank borrowings, outstanding letters of credit and outstanding commercial paper reduce the available capacity under the credit facility. PSCo had direct advances on the credit facility outstanding at Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023. 
 Long-Term Borrowings 
 During the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024, PSCo issued million of First Mortgage Bonds due May 15, 2034 and million of First Mortgage Bonds due May 15, 2054. 

5. Revenues 

C I Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues 
 Three Months Ended Sept. 30, 2023 (Millions of Dollars) Electric Natural Gas All Other Total Major revenue types Revenue from contracts with customers: Residential C I Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 (Millions of Dollars) Electric Natural Gas All Other Total Major revenue types Revenue from contracts with customers: Residential C I Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues 

10 

Table of Contents 

 C I Other Total retail Wholesale Transmission Other Total revenue from contracts with customers Alternative revenue and other Total revenues 
 
 6. Income Taxes 
 
 State tax (net of federal tax effect) (Decreases) increases: Wind PTCs (a) 
 ) ) Plant regulatory differences (b) 
 ) ) Other tax credits, net operating loss tax credit allowances ) ) Other, net Effective income tax rate 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 
 7. Fair Value of Financial Assets and Liabilities 

million of net losses expected to be reclassified into earnings during the next 12 months as the hedged transactions impact earnings. As of Sept. 30, 2024, PSCo had unsettled interest rate derivatives. 
 Wholesale and Commodity Trading PSCo conducts various wholesale and commodity trading activities, including the purchase and sale of electric capacity, energy, energy-related instruments and natural gas-related instruments, including derivatives. PSCo is allowed to conduct these activities within guidelines and limitations as approved by its risk management committee, comprised of management personnel not directly involved in the activities governed by this policy. 
 Results of derivative instrument transactions entered into for trading purposes are presented in the consolidated statements of income as electric revenues, net of any sharing with customers. These activities are not intended to mitigate commodity price risk associated with regulated electric and natural gas operations. Sharing of these margins is determined through state regulatory proceedings as well as the operation of the FERC-approved joint operating agreement. 
 Commodity Derivatives PSCo enters into derivative instruments to manage variability of future cash flows from changes in commodity prices in its electric and natural gas operations. This could include the purchase or sale of energy or energy-related products, natural gas to generate electric energy, natural gas for resale, and vehicle fuel. 
 When PSCo enters into derivative instruments that mitigate commodity price risk on behalf of electric and natural gas customers, the instruments are not typically designated as qualifying hedging transactions. The classification of unrealized losses or gains on these instruments as a regulatory asset or liability, if applicable, is based on approved regulatory recovery mechanisms. 
 As of Sept. 30, 2024, PSCo had commodity contracts designated as cash flow hedges. 

11 

Table of Contents 

 Million British thermal units of natural gas 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 Consideration of Credit Risk and Concentrations PSCo continuously monitors the creditworthiness of counterparties to its interest rate derivatives and commodity derivative contracts prior to settlement and assesses each counterparty s ability to perform on the transactions set forth in the contracts. Impact of credit risk was immaterial to the fair value of unsettled commodity derivatives presented on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 PSCo s most significant concentrations of credit risk with particular entities or industries are contracts with counterparties to its wholesale, trading and non-trading commodity activities. 
 As of Sept. 30, 2024, of PSCo s most significant counterparties for these activities, comprising million, or , of this credit exposure, had investment grade credit ratings from S P Global Ratings, Moody s Investor Services or Fitch Ratings. 
 of the most significant counterparties, comprising million, or , of this credit exposure, were not rated by these external ratings agencies, but based on PSCo s internal analysis, had credit quality consistent with investment grade. 
 of these significant counterparties, had credit quality less than investment grade, based on internal analysis. of these significant counterparties are independent system operators, municipal or cooperative electric entities, Regional Transmission Organizations or other utilities. 
 Credit Related Contingent Features Contract provisions for derivative instruments that PSCo enters into, including those accounted for as normal purchase and normal sale contracts and therefore not reflected on the consolidated balance sheets, may require the posting of collateral or settlement of the contracts for various reasons, including if PSCo s credit ratings are downgraded below its investment grade credit rating by any of the major credit rating agencies. 
 As of Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, there were derivative liabilities position with such underlying contract provisions. 
 Certain contracts also contain cross default provisions that may require the posting of collateral or settlement of the contracts if there was a failure under other financing arrangements related to payment terms or other covenants. 
 As of Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, there were approximately million of derivative liabilities with such underlying contract provisions. 
 Certain derivative instruments are also subject to contract provisions that contain adequate assurance clauses. These provisions allow counterparties to seek performance assurance, including cash collateral, in the event that PSCo s ability to fulfill its contractual obligations is reasonably expected to be impaired. 
 PSCo had collateral posted related to adequate assurance clauses in derivative contracts as of Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023. 

Recurring Derivative Fair Value Measurements 
 Changes in the fair value of natural gas commodity derivatives recognized as regulatory assets and liabilities included million of net losses for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024 and immaterial net losses for the three and nine months ended Sept. 30 2023. The classification as a regulatory asset or liability is based on commission approved regulatory recovery mechanisms. 
 ) (a) 
 Total ) Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: Interest rate (b) 
 Total Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) (a) 
 Natural gas commodity ) (c)(d) 
 Total ) Three Months Ended Sept. 30, 2023 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: Interest rate (b) 
 Total Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading (a) 
 Total Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2023 Derivatives designated as cash flow hedges: Interest rate (b) 
 Total Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) (a) 
 Natural gas commodity (c) 
 ) (c)(d) 
 Total ) 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 (c) million of 2024 losses recorded to electric fuel and purchased power, amounts are recorded to cost of natural gas sold and transported. Amounts are subject to cost-recovery mechanisms and reclassified out of income to a regulatory asset, as appropriate. 
 (d) 
 PSCo had derivative instruments designated as fair value hedges during the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024 and 2023. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Natural gas commodity Total current derivative assets ) ) Noncurrent derivative assets Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) Total noncurrent derivative assets ) 
 Sept. 30, 2024 Dec. 31, 2023 Fair Value Fair Value Total Netting (a) 
 Total Fair Value Fair Value Total Netting (a) 
 Total (Millions of Dollars) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Current derivative liabilities Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) ) Natural gas commodity Total current derivative liabilities ) ) Noncurrent derivative liabilities Other derivative instruments: Commodity trading ) ) Total noncurrent derivative liabilities ) ) 
 obligations to return cash collateral. At both Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, derivative assets and liabilities include rights to reclaim cash collateral of million and million, respectively. Counterparty netting amounts presented exclude settlement receivables and payables and non-derivative amounts that may be subject to the same master netting agreements. 
 Net transactions recorded during the period: Gains recognized in earnings (a) 
 Balance at Sept. 30 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 (Millions of Dollars) 2024 2023 Balance at Jan. 1 Net transactions recorded during the period: Gains recognized in earnings (a) 
 Balance at Sept. 30 
 (a) 

Fair Value of Long-Term Debt 
 As of Sept. 30, 2024, other financial instruments for which the carrying amount did not equal fair value: 
 
 Fair value of PSCo s long-term debt is estimated based on recent trades and observable spreads from benchmark interest rates for similar securities. Fair value estimates are based on information available to management as of Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, and given the observability of the inputs, fair values presented for long-term debt were assigned as Level 2. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 8. Benefit Plans and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 
 Components of Net Periodic Benefit Cost (Credit) 
 Interest cost (a) 
 Expected return on plan assets (a) 
 ) ) ) ) Amortization of net loss (a) 
 Net periodic benefit cost Effects of regulation Net benefit cost recognized for financial reporting Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 2024 2023 2024 2023 (Millions of Dollars) Pension Benefits Postretirement Health Care Benefits Service cost Interest cost (a) 
 Expected return on plan assets (a) 
 ) ) ) ) Amortization of net loss (a) 
 Net periodic benefit cost Effects of regulation ) Net benefit cost recognized for financial reporting 
 (a) . 
 In January 2024, contributions totaling million were made across Xcel Energy s pension plans, of which million was attributable to PSCo. Xcel Energy does not expect additional pension contributions during 2024. 
 
 9. Commitments and Contingencies 

million. PSCo recognized million of losses for the verdict in 2023, including estimated interest and other costs. In October 2024, PSCo and CORE reached a settlement, and parties have agreed to withdraw their appeals pending with the Colorado Court of Appeals. 
 Marshall Wildfire Litigation 
 In December 2021, a wildfire ignited in Boulder County, Colorado (Marshall Fire), which burned over 6,000 acres and destroyed or damaged over 1,000 structures. On June 8, 2023, the Boulder County Sheriff s Office released its Marshall Fire Investigative Summary and Review and its supporting documents (Sheriff s Report). According to an October 2022 statement from the Colorado Insurance Commissioner, the Marshall Fire is estimated to have caused more than billion in property losses. 
 According to the Sheriff s Report, on Dec. 30, 2021, a fire ignited on a residential property in Boulder, Colorado, located in PSCo s service territory, for reasons unrelated to PSCo s power lines. According to the Sheriff s Report, approximately one hour and 20 minutes after the first ignition, a second fire ignited just south of the Marshall Mesa Trailhead in unincorporated Boulder County, Colorado, also located in PSCo s service territory. According to the Sheriff s Report, the second ignition started approximately 80 to 110 feet away from PSCo s power lines in the area. 
 The Sheriff s Report states that the most probable cause of the second ignition was hot particles discharged from PSCo s power lines after one of the power lines detached from its insulator in strong winds, and further states that it cannot be ruled out that the second ignition was caused by an underground coal fire. According to the Sheriff s Report, no design, installation or maintenance defects or deficiencies were identified on PSCo s electrical circuit in the area of the second ignition. PSCo disputes that its power lines caused the second ignition . 
 PSCo is aware of complaints, most of which have also named Xcel Energy Inc. and Xcel Energy Services Inc. as additional defendants, relating to the Marshall Fire. The complaints are on behalf of at least plaintiffs. The complaints generally allege that PSCo s equipment ignited the Marshall Fire and assert various causes of action under Colorado law, including negligence, premises liability, trespass, nuisance, wrongful death, willful and wanton conduct, negligent infliction of emotional distress, loss of consortium and inverse condemnation. In addition to seeking compensatory damages, certain of the complaints also seek exemplary damages. 
 In September 2023, the Boulder County District Court Judge consolidated the pending lawsuits into a single action for pretrial purposes and has subsequently consolidated additional lawsuits that have been filed. At the case management conference in February 2024, a trial date was set for September 2025. Discovery is now underway. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 million per defendant unless the court finds justification to exceed that amount by clear and convincing evidence, in which case the maximum doubles. 
 Colorado law caps punitive or exemplary damages to an amount equal to the amount of the actual damages awarded to the injured party, except the court may increase any award of punitive damages to a sum up to three times the amount of actual damages if the conduct that is the subject of the claim has continued during the pendency of the case or the defendant has acted in a willful and wanton manner during the action which further aggravated plaintiff s damages. 
 In the event Xcel Energy Inc. or PSCo was found liable related to this litigation and were required to pay damages, such amounts could exceed our insurance coverage of approximately million and have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. However, due to uncertainty as to the cause of the fire and the extent and magnitude of potential damages, Xcel Energy Inc. and PSCo are unable to estimate the amount or range of possible losses in connection with the Marshall Fire. 
 Rate Matters 
 PSCo is involved in various regulatory proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. Until resolution, typically in the form of a rate order, uncertainties may exist regarding the ultimate rate treatment for certain activities and transactions. Amounts have been recognized for probable and reasonably estimable losses that may result. Unless otherwise disclosed, any reasonably possible range of loss in excess of any recognized amount is not expected to have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. 

Environmental 
 New and changing federal and state environmental mandates can create financial obligations for PSCo, which are normally recovered through the regulated rate process. 
 Site Remediation 
 Various federal and state environmental laws impose liability where hazardous substances or other regulated materials have been released to the environment. PSCo may sometimes pay all or a portion of the cost to remediate sites where past activities of their predecessors or other parties have caused environmental contamination. 
 Environmental contingencies could arise from various situations, including sites of former MGPs; and third-party sites, such as landfills, for which PSCo is alleged to have sent wastes to that site. 
 MGP, Landfill and Disposal Sites 
 PSCo is investigating, remediating or performing post-closure actions at MGP, landfill or other disposal sites across its service territory, in addition to sites that are being addressed under current coal ash regulations (see below). 
 PSCo has recognized approximately million of costs/liabilities for resolution of these issues; however, the final outcomes and timing are unknown. In addition, there may be regulatory recovery, insurance recovery and/or recovery from other potentially responsible parties, offsetting a portion of costs incurred. 
 Water and Waste 
 Coal Ash Regulation PSCo is subject to the CCR Rule, which imposes requirements for handling, storage, treatment and disposal of coal ash and other solid waste. 
 In May 2024, final amendments to the CCR Rule were published, widening its scope to include legacy CCR surface impoundments at inactive facilities and previously exempt areas where CCR was placed directly on land at CCR-regulated facilities, including areas of beneficial use. 
 As a requirement of the CCR Rule, utilities must complete facility evaluations and groundwater sampling around their subject landfills, surface impoundments and certain other areas where coal ash was placed on land. 
 If certain impacts to groundwater are detected, utilities may be required to perform additional groundwater investigations and/or perform corrective actions, typically beginning with an Assessment of Corrective Measures. 
 Investigation and/or corrective action related to groundwater impacts are currently underway at certain active and closed coal-fueled generating facilities at a current estimated cost of at least million. In addition, PSCo expects to incur million for investigations through 2028 to perform required reporting and assess whether corrective actions are necessary. Asset retirement obligations have been recorded for each of these activities, and amounts are expected to be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms. 
 PSCo has also identified coal ash that is expected to be required to be removed from certain closed coal-fueled generating facilities at estimated costs totaling approximately million. Asset retirement obligations have been recorded, with the costs expected to be recoverable through regulatory mechanisms. 

15 

Table of Contents 

Other operating leases (a) 
 Total operating lease expense (b) 
 Finance leases Amortization of ROU assets Interest expense on lease liability Total finance lease expense 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 (Millions of Dollars) 2024 2023 Operating leases PPA capacity payments Other operating leases (a) 
 Total operating lease expense (b) 
 Finance leases Amortization of ROU assets Interest expense on lease liability Total finance lease expense 
 (a) 
 (b) 

Interest component of obligation ) ) ) ) Present value of minimum obligation Less current portion ) ) Noncurrent operating and finance lease liabilities 
 
 MW of capacity under long-term PPAs at both Sept. 30, 2024 and Dec. 31, 2023, with entities that have been determined to be VIEs. These agreements have expiration dates through 2032. 

10. Other Comprehensive Income ) ) ) ) ) Losses reclassified from net accumulated other comprehensive loss: Interest rate derivatives (a) 
 Amortization of net actuarial loss (b) 
 ) ) Net current period other comprehensive income ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss at Sept. 30 ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 16 

Table of Contents ) ) ) ) ) Losses reclassified from net accumulated other comprehensive loss: Interest rate derivatives (a) 
 Net current period other comprehensive income Accumulated other comprehensive loss at Sept. 30 ) ) ) ) ) ) 
 (a) 

11. Segment Information 

Net income Regulated Natural Gas Total revenues Net loss ) ) All Other Total revenues (a) 
 Net income (loss) ) Consolidated Total Total revenues (a) 
 Net income 
 (a) million and 1 million of other affiliate revenue for the three months ended Sept. 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 (Millions of Dollars) 2024 2023 Regulated Electric Total revenues Net income Regulated Natural Gas Total revenues Net income All Other Total revenues (a) 
 Net income Consolidated Total Total revenues (a) 
 Net income 
 (a) million and million of other affiliate revenue for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024 and 2023. 

17 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Discussion of financial condition and liquidity for PSCo is omitted per conditions set forth in General Instructions H(1)(a) and (b) of Form 10-Q for wholly owned subsidiaries. It is replaced with management s narrative analysis of the results of operations set forth in General Instruction H(2)(a) of Form 10-Q for wholly owned subsidiaries (reduced disclosure format). 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 The following discussion includes financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP, as well as certain non-GAAP financial measures such as ongoing earnings. Generally, a non-GAAP financial measure is a measure of a company s financial performance, financial position or cash flows that adjusts measures calculated and presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 PSCo s management uses non-GAAP measures for financial planning and analysis, for reporting of results to the Board of Directors, in determining performance-based compensation and communicating its earnings outlook to analysts and investors. Non-GAAP financial measures are intended to supplement investors understanding of our performance and should not be considered alternatives for financial measures presented in accordance with GAAP. These measures are discussed in more detail below and may not be comparable to other companies similarly titled non-GAAP financial measures. 
 Earnings Adjusted for Certain Items (Ongoing Earnings) 
 Ongoing earnings reflect adjustments to GAAP earnings (net income) for certain items. 
 We use this non-GAAP financial measure to evaluate and provide details of Xcel Energy s core earnings and underlying performance. For instance, to present ongoing earnings, we may adjust the related GAAP amounts for certain items that are non-recurring in nature. We believe this measurement is useful to investors to evaluate the actual and projected financial performance and contribution of our subsidiaries. This non-GAAP financial measure should not be considered as an alternative to measures calculated and reported in accordance with GAAP. 
 The following table provides a reconciliation of GAAP earnings (net income) to ongoing earnings: 
 Three Months Ended Sept. 30 Nine Months Ended Sept. 30 (Millions of Dollars) 2024 2023 2024 2023 GAAP net income 256 229 594 536 Loss on Comanche Unit 3 litigation 34 34 Less: tax effect of adjustment (8) (8) Ongoing earnings 256 255 594 562 
 Comanche Unit 3 Litigation As a result of an Oct. 25, 2023 jury verdict in Denver County District Court awarding CORE lost power damages and other costs, PSCo recognized a 34 million loss for the matter in the third quarter of 2023. Given the non-recurring nature of this specific item, it has been excluded from ongoing earnings. 

Results of Operations 
 
 PSCo s GAAP net income was 594 million for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024 compared with 536 million for the prior year. Ongoing net income was 594 million for the nine months ended Sept. 30, 2024 compared with 562 million for the prior year. The change in ongoing earnings was driven by higher recovery of electric infrastructure investments, which was partially offset by increased interest charges, depreciation and O M expenses. 
 Electric Revenues 
 Electric revenues are impacted by fluctuations in the price of natural gas and coal, regulatory outcomes, market prices and seasonality. In addition, electric customers receive a credit for PTCs generated, which reduce electric revenue and income taxes. 
 (Millions of Dollars) Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 vs. 2023 Regulatory rate outcomes 74 Non-fuel riders 56 Estimated impact of weather 27 Conservation and demand side management (offset in expense) 26 Recovery of lower cost of electric fuel and purchased power (95) Wholesale generation revenues (6) PTCs flowed back to customers (offset by lower ETR) (2) Other, net (15) Total increase 65 
 Natural Gas Revenues 
 Natural gas revenues vary with changing sales, the cost of natural gas and regulatory outcomes. 
 (Millions of Dollars) Nine Months Ended Sept. 30, 2024 vs. 2023 Recovery of lower cost of natural gas (205) Estimated impact of weather (31) Retail sales growth 5 Other, net 6 Total decrease (225) 
 Electric Fuel and Purchased Power Expenses incurred for electric fuel and purchased power are impacted by fluctuations in market prices of natural gas and coal, as well as seasonality. These incurred expenses are generally recovered through various regulatory recovery mechanisms. As a result, changes in these expenses are largely offset in operating revenues and have minimal earnings impact. 
 Electric fuel and purchased power expenses decreased 92 million year-to-date. The decrease is primarily due to lower commodity prices and timing of fuel recovery mechanisms, partially offset by increased volume. 
 Cost of Natural Gas Sold and Transported Expenses incurred for the cost of natural gas sold are impacted by market prices and seasonality. These costs are generally recovered through various regulatory recovery mechanisms. As a result, changes in these expenses are largely offset in operating revenues and have minimal earnings impact. 
 Natural gas sold and transported decreased 207 million year-to-date. The decrease is primarily due to lower commodity prices and volumes, partially offset by timing of fuel recovery. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 Non-Fuel Operating Expenses and Other Items 
 O M Expenses O M expenses increased 54 million year-to-date. The increase was primarily due to operational activities (generation maintenance, damage prevention, storm response and wildfire mitigation). 
 Depreciation and Amortization Depreciation and amortization expense increased 47 million year-to-date. The increase was primarily due to system expansion. 
 Other income, net Other income increased 35 million year-to-date, largely due to interest income. 
 Interest Charges Interest charges increased 51 million year-to-date, largely due to increased long-term debt levels and higher interest rates. 
 
 Public Utility Regulation and Other 
 
 The FERC and state and local regulatory commissions regulate PSCo. PSCo is subject to rate regulation by state utility regulatory agencies, which have jurisdiction with respect to the rates of electric and natural gas distribution companies in Colorado. 
 Rates are designed to recover plant investment, operating costs and an allowed return on investment. PSCo requests changes in utility rates through commission filings. Changes in operating costs can affect PSCo s financial results, depending on the timing of rate cases and implementation of final rates. Other factors affecting rate filings are new investments, sales, conservation and demand side management efforts, and the cost of capital. 
 In addition, the regulatory commissions authorize the ROE, capital structure and depreciation rates in rate proceedings. Decisions by these regulators can significantly impact PSCo s results of operations. 
 Except to the extent noted below, the circumstances set forth in Public Utility Regulation included in Item 7 of PSCo s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2023, appropriately represent, in all material respects, the current status of public utility regulation and are incorporated herein by reference. 
 Pending and Recently Concluded Regulatory Proceedings 
 Colorado Natural Gas Rate Case In January 2024, PSCo, filed a request with the CPUC seeking an increase to retail natural gas rates of 171 million (9.5 ). The request was based on a 10.25 ROE, an equity ratio of 55 , a 2023 test year and a 4.2 billion year-end rate base. 
 In October 2024, the CPUC issued an order including the following key decisions: 
 Use of a historic 2023 test year, with a 13-month average rate base. 
 Weighted-average cost of capital of 7.0 , based on an ROE range of 9.2 -9.5 and an equity ratio range of 52 -55 . 
 Acceleration of 15 million per year of depreciation expense (incremental to PSCo s original rate request), to be held in an external trust for future decommissioning costs. 
 Modifications to recoverability of certain operating expenses. 
 Denial of PSCo s decoupling proposal. 
 Based on the CPUC order, PSCo estimates an annual revenue increase of approximately 130 million, inclusive of 15 million of accelerated depreciation, with rates expected to be effective Nov. 5, 2024. 
 Colorado Resource Plan In December 2023, the CPUC approved a portfolio of 5,835 MW, which includes approximately 3,100 MW of company owned resources and 2,700 MW of PPAs. 
 In December 2023, the CPUC approved two PIMs associated with the generation projects in the portfolio, including a PIM related to capital 

construction costs and another related to ongoing levelized energy costs. These PIMs will be further defined in related proceedings throughout 2024. In September 2024, PSCo filed a proposed framework for CPUC review of pricing adjustments for both company owned and PPA resources to enable delivery of the approved portfolio in light of supply chain and geopolitical developments. A decision is expected in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 PSCo filed or expects to file generation and transmission CPCNs throughout 2024 and early 2025. 
 2024 Colorado Electric Resource Plan In October 2024, PSCo filed its electric resource plan, known as the Just Transition Solicitation, with the CPUC. The filing reflects the expected growth on the system, the generation resources needed to meet the projected growth and the future evaluation of competitive bids for new generation resources. 
 The plan reflects a base sales forecast with 7 compound annual sales growth through 2031. 
 The plan also presents a low sales forecast with a 3 compound annual sales growth through 2031. 
 The resource plan includes forecasted need of 5-14 GW of new generation capacity through 2031, including renewables and firm dispatchable resources to meet the two different scenarios. The acquisitions of generation resources will be determined through a competitive solicitation after the CPUC determines the portfolio. The table below summarizes two of the proposed portfolios based on the different sales scenarios: 
 (Megawatts) Base Plan Low Load Wind 7,250 2,800 Solar 3,077 1,200 Natural gas combustion turbine 1,575 1,400 Storage (long duration) 1,600 Other storage 450 Total 13,952 5,400 
 A CPUC decision on the resource plan is expected by the fall of 2025 (Phase I) with the competitive solicitation for resource additions expected in early 2026. 
 Wildfire Mitigation Plan In June 2024, PSCo filed an updated WMP and request for recovery of costs covering the years 2025 to 2027 with the CPUC. The estimated total cost for this plan is approximately 1.9 billion. A CPUC decision is expected in the third quarter of 2025. 
 The WMP is a key component of keeping our customers and communities safe while providing reliable and affordable electric service. The WMP integrates industry experience; incorporates evolving risk assessment methodologies; adds new technology; and expands the scope, pace and scale of our work to reduce wildfire risk in a comprehensive and efficient manner under four core programs that include the following: 
 Situational awareness Meteorology, area risk mapping and modeling, artificial intelligence cameras and continuous monitoring. 
 Operational mitigations Enhanced powerline safety settings and PSPS. 
 System resiliency Asset assessment and remediations, pole replacements, line rebuilds, targeted undergrounding and vegetation management. 
 Customer support Coordination and real-time data sharing with customers and other stakeholders and PSPS resiliency rebates. 

19 

Table of Contents 

 The CPUC requested that PSCo file supplemental testimony including the impacts of potential securitization of the proposed wildfire mitigation plan investments. Total capital investments and O M expenses associated with the proposed plan are estimated at the following: 
 (Millions of Dollars) 2025 2026 2027 Total Capital investments Situational awareness 24 17 10 51 Operational mitigations 58 66 83 207 System resiliency 368 411 565 1,344 Total capital investments 450 494 658 1,602 O M expenses Situational awareness 9 10 10 29 Operational mitigations 3 3 4 10 System resiliency 44 69 77 190 Customer support 7 8 9 24 Total O M expenses 63 90 100 253 Total expenditures 513 584 758 1,855 
 The procedural schedule is as follows: 
 Answer testimony: Feb. 14, 2025 
 Rebuttal testimony: March 21, 2025 
 Settlement deadline: April 11, 2025 
 Hearing: May 5-15, 2025 
 Decision deadline: Aug. 28, 2025 
 CPUC Proactive Line De-Energization Investigation In April 2024, PSCo proactively de-energized certain lines in Colorado due to winds that were over 90 miles per hour to reduce potential wildfire risk. 
 The CPUC opened a docket related to the proactive de-energizing of power lines to evaluate potential improvements to the process. The CPUC plans to continue evaluation of PSCo s policies for proactive line de-energizations through its ongoing review of the 2025-2027 wildfire mitigation plan and, in the interim, will require PSCo to file additional information to the CPUC, hold work sessions with emergency responders, test customer communication protocols, and provide monthly progress updates to the CPUC. 
 Colorado Senate Bill 23-291 In May 2023, Colorado Senate Bill 23-291 was signed into law. The bill includes a number of topics including natural gas and electric fuel incentive mechanisms, natural gas planning rules, regulatory filing requirements, and non-recovery of certain expenses (e.g., certain organizational or membership dues, tax penalties or fines). 
 In November 2023, the CPUC approved PSCo s natural gas price risk plan to manage customer bill volatility from commodity price changes, establishing upper and lower limits for changes in the gas cost adjustment rate. As a result, costs above the upper limit are deferred for future recovery, with interest, and costs below the lower limit deferred as a reserve against future cost increases. 
 The legislation also calls for the CPUC to adopt rules to establish fuel cost mechanisms to align the financial incentives of a utility with the interests of the utility s customers by Jan. 1, 2025. In September 2024, the CPUC issued a recommended decision in adopting rules to implement a natural gas PIM prior to Jan. 1, 2025. Per the recommended decision, natural gas costs incurred will be compared to the prior year to determine any incentive/penalty. In October 2024, PSCo filed targeted exceptions. A final decision is expected in fourth quarter of 2024. 

In October 2024, the CPUC also issued a proposed PIM for electric utilities. Similar to the natural gas PIM, it would determine any incentive/penalty by comparing the year-over-year change in the price of natural gas procured for electric generation. PSCo filed comments in October 2024 and a hearing is expected to occur in November 2024. A CPUC decision is expected by the end of 2024. 
 Colorado Senate Bill 24-218 In May 2024, Colorado Senate Bill 24-218 was signed into law. The bill includes a suite of policy changes to accelerate investment in electric distribution, including a framework to develop distribution planning and performance requirements and the opportunity for current cost recovery through a rider for distribution investments. In July 2024, the CPUC approved PSCo s request to collect 17 million through a rider, over the remainder of 2024, subject to true-up, associated with forecasted capital investments covered by the new legislation. PSCo expects to file an updated 2025 rider in November 2024. 
 Cabin Creek Prudency Review In 2015, the CPUC granted a CPCN for an 88 million upgrade project to increase the generating and storage capacity of the Cabin Creek hydroelectric storage facility, which anticipated project completion in 2020. Due to significant and unforeseen challenges, the project was not completed until 2023 and cost approximately 110 million. In July 2024, PSCo filed a prudency review for the upgrade project, which reviews the project s timelines, costs, benefits and challenges. 
 Procedural schedule: 
 Answer testimony: Feb. 3, 2025 
 Rebuttal testimony: March 14, 2025 
 Settlement testimony: April 4, 2025 
 Hearing: April 17-18, 2025 
 Statements of position: May 9, 2025 
 A final CPUC decision is expected in the second quarter of 2025. 
 Excess Liability Insurance Deferral In August 2024, PSCo filed a request with the CPUC to establish a tracker to defer differences in excess liability insurance premiums after the October 2024 policy renewal (reflecting significantly rising premiums, largely associated with wildfire risks throughout the United States) and amounts currently recovered. In October 2024, the CPUC approved an accelerated procedural schedule which is as follows: 
 Rebuttal testimony: Nov. 1, 2024 
 Settlement deadline: Nov. 12, 2024 
 Hearing: Nov. 21, 2024 
 Target decision date: Dec. 31, 2024 
 
 Other 
 Supply Chain 
 PSCo s ability to meet customer energy requirements, respond to storm-related disruptions and execute our capital expenditure program are dependent on maintaining an efficient supply chain. Manufacturing processes have experienced disruptions related to scarcity of certain raw materials and interruptions in production and shipping. These disruptions have been further exacerbated by inflationary pressures, labor shortages and the impact of international conflicts/issues. PSCo continues to monitor the situation as it remains fluid and seeks to mitigate the impacts by securing alternative suppliers, modifying design standards, and adjusting the timing of work. 

20 

Table of Contents 

 Large global demand for energy-related infrastructure (renewables and gas generation, data centers, etc.) has stretched equipment supply chains, extended delivery dates and increased prices for items like combustion turbines, transformers and other large electrical equipment. The labor market for skilled engineering and construction resources to build renewables and gas generation has also been strained, impacting cost and availability. 
 Tariffs and Trade Complaints 
 In May 2024, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced the initiation of anti-dumping and countervailing duty investigations of CSPV cells from Cambodia, Malaysia, Thailand and Vietnam, whether or not assembled into modules. 
 In October 2024, the U.S. Department of Commerce announced its preliminary determination in the countervailing duty circumvention investigation, which is not expected to impact PSCo projects. A preliminary decision related to the anti-dumping portion of the matter is anticipated in November 2024. 
 In May 2024, the White House imposed a new 25 tariff on Lithium-Ion storage along with other trade measures. The tariff went into immediate effect for EV batteries but has a grace period until January 2026 for stationary energy storage applications. 
 PSCo continues to assess the impacts of these tariffs and trade complaints on its business, including company-owned projects and PPAs. PSCo may seek regulatory relief for tariffs, if required, in its jurisdictions. 
 Further policy actions or other restrictions on solar and storage imports, disruptions in imports from key suppliers, or any new trade complaint could impact project timelines and costs of various generation projects and PPAs. 
 Excess Liability Insurance Coverage 
 PSCo maintains excess liability coverage, which is intended to insure against liability to third parties. During 2024, Xcel Energy had approximately 600 million of excess liability coverage; including 520 million of wildfire coverage with an annual premium assigned to PSCo of approximately 13 million. Examples of claims paid under this policy include property damage or bodily injury to members of the public caused by PSCo s employees, equipment or facilities. The increased wildfire liability risk and claims are driving a significant increase of premiums and reductions in insurance coverage in the excess liability markets, especially in the western United States. In October 2024, Xcel Energy renewed its excess liability coverage and now has 450 million of total coverage, including 300 million of wildfire coverage. The annual premium for this excess liability insurance assigned to PSCo is approximately 50 million. PSCo is seeking to recover these increased costs through a deferral request with the CPUC. 

Environmental Regulation 
 Clean Air Act 
 Power Plant Greenhouse Gas Regulations In April 2024, the EPA published final rules addressing control of CO 2 emissions from the power sector. The rules regulate new natural gas generating units and emission guidelines for existing coal and certain natural gas generation. The rules create subcategories of coal units based on planned retirement date and subcategories of natural gas combustion turbines and combined cycle units based on utilization. The CO 2 control requirements vary by subcategory. Based on current estimates and assumptions, PSCo has determined that due to scheduled plant retirements, there is minimal financial or operational impact associated with these requirements and believes that the cost of these initiatives or replacement generation would be recoverable through rates based on prior state commission practices. 
 Emerging Contaminants of Concern 
 PFAS are man-made chemicals that are widely used in consumer products and can persist and bio-accumulate in the environment. PSCo does not manufacture PFAS, but because PFAS are so ubiquitous in products and the environment, it may impact our operations. 
 In June 2024, the EPA finalized a rule that designated certain PFAS as hazardous substances under CERCLA. In July 2024, the EPA finalized another rule that set enforceable drinking water standards for certain PFAS. 
 Potential costs for these rules and any additional proposed regulations related to PFAS are uncertain and will be determined on a site specific basis where applicable. If costs are incurred, PSCo believes the costs will be recoverable through rates based on prior state commission practices. 
 Effluent Limitation Guidelines 
 In April 2024, the EPA published final rules under the Clean Water Act, setting Effluent Limitations Guidelines and Standards for steam generating coal plants. This rule establishes more stringent wastewater discharge standards for bottom ash transport water, flue-gas desulfurization wastewater, and combustion residuals leachate from steam electric power plants, particularly coal-fired power plants. Based on current estimates and assumptions, PSCo has determined that there is minimal financial or operational impact associated with these requirements and that any costs would be recoverable through rates based on prior state commission practices. 
 
 ITEM 4 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 PSCo maintains a set of disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms. 
 In addition, the disclosure controls and procedures ensure that information required to be disclosed is accumulated and communicated to management, including the CEO and CFO, allowing timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As of Sept. 30, 2024, based on an evaluation carried out under the supervision and with the participation of PSCo s management, including the CEO and CFO, of the effectiveness of its disclosure controls and procedures, the CEO and CFO have concluded that PSCo s disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 

21 

Table of Contents 

 Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 No changes in PSCo s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, PSCo s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 PSCo is involved in various litigation matters in the ordinary course of business. The assessment of whether a loss is probable or is a reasonable possibility, and whether the loss or a range of loss is estimable, often involves a series of complex judgments about future events. Management maintains accruals for losses probable of being incurred and subject to reasonable estimation. 
 Management is sometimes unable to estimate an amount or range of a reasonably possible loss in certain situations, including but not limited to, when (1) the damages sought are indeterminate, (2) the proceedings are in the early stages, or (3) the matters involve novel or unsettled legal theories. In such cases, there is considerable uncertainty regarding the timing or ultimate resolution of such matters, including a possible eventual loss. 

For current proceedings not specifically reported herein, management does not anticipate that the ultimate liabilities, if any, would have a material effect on PSCo s consolidated financial statements. Legal fees are generally expensed as incurred. 
 See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements and Part I Item 2 for further information. 
 
 ITEM 1A RISK FACTORS 
 
 PSCo s risk factors are documented in Item 1A of Part I of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2023, which is incorporated herein by reference. There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in the Form 10-K . 
 
 ITEM 5 OTHER INFORMATION 
 None of the Company s directors or officers , modified, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or a non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement during the Company s fiscal quarter ended Sept. 30, 2024. 

ITEM 6 EXHIBITS 
 
 Indicates incorporation by reference 
 Exhibit Number Description Report or Registration Statement Exhibit Reference 3.01 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation, dated July 15, 1998 
 PSCo Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2017 3.01 3.02 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of PSCo, dated Jan. 25, 2019 
 PSCo Form 10-K for the year ended Dec. 31, 2018 3.02 31.01 
 Principal Executive Officer s certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.02 
 Principal Financial Officer s certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.01 
 Certifications pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Calculation 101.DEF Inline XBRL Definition 101.LAB Inline XBRL Label 101.PRE Inline XBRL Presentation 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Public Service Company of Colorado 10/31/2024 By: /s/ MELISSA L. OSTROM Melissa L. Ostrom Senior Vice President, Controller (Principal Accounting Officer) By: /s/ BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 23 

<EX-31.01>
 2
 pscoex3101q32024.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 

Exhibit 31.01 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Robert C. Frenzel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Public Service Company of Colorado 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 10 31 2024 
 s ROBERT C. FRENZEL Robert C. Frenzel Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 1 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 pscoex3102q32024.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 

Exhibit 31.02 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 
 I, Brian J. Van Abel, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Public Service Company of Colorado 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date 10 31 2024 
 s BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer) 
 2 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.02>
 4
 pscoex3201q32024.htm
 EX-32.02

Document 

Exhibit 32.01 
 
 OFFICER CERTIFICATION 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Public Service Company of Colorado (PSCo) on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended Sept. 30, 2024, as filed with the SEC on the date hereof (Form 10-Q), each of the undersigned officers of PSCo certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to such officer s knowledge 
 
 (1) The Form 10-Q fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of PSCo as of the dates and for the periods expressed in the Form 10-Q. 
 
 Date 10 31 2024 
 s ROBERT C. FRENZEL Robert C. Frenzel Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) s BRIAN J. VAN ABEL Brian J. Van Abel Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer and Director (Principal Financial Officer) 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished solely pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 and is not being filed as part of the Report or as a separate disclosure document. 
 A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging or otherwise adopting the signature that appears in typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to PSCo and will be retained by PSCo and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 
 1 

</EX-32.02>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 psco-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 psco-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 psco-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 psco-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 psco-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

