<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1510295_0001510295-24-000079.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12294773</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>235917</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3109016</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4357075</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2275358</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2074919</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001510295-24-000079.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105133129
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001510295-24-000079
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		142
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Marathon Petroleum Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001510295
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PETROLEUM REFINING [2911]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	01 Energy & Transportation
		IRS NUMBER:				271284632
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35054
		FILM NUMBER:		241426750

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		539 SOUTH MAIN STREET
		CITY:			FINDLAY
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45840-3229
		BUSINESS PHONE:		419-422-2121

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		539 SOUTH MAIN STREET
		CITY:			FINDLAY
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			45840-3229

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001510295-24-000079.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 mpc-20240930.htm
 10-Q

mpc-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 There were shares of Marathon Petroleum Corporation common stock outstanding as of October 31, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements: 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 4 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest (Unaudited) 
 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 9 
 1. Description of the Business and Basis of Presentation 
 9 
 2. Accounting Standards and Disclosure Rules 
 9 
 3. Short-Term Investments 
 10 
 4. Master Limited Partnership 
 11 
 5. Variable Interest Entities 
 11 
 6. Related Party Transactions 
 12 
 7. Earnings Per Share 
 13 
 8. Equity 
 13 
 9. Segment Information 
 14 
 10. Net Interest and Other Financial Costs 
 16 
 11. Income Taxes 
 16 
 12. Inventories 
 16 
 13. Equity Method Investments 
 16 
 14. Property, Plant and Equipment (PP E) 
 17 
 15. Fair Value Measurements 
 18 
 16. Derivatives 
 19 
 17. Debt 
 20 
 18. Revenue 
 21 
 19. Supplemental Cash Flow Information 
 21 
 20. Other Current Liabilities 
 22 
 21. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 22 
 22. Pension and Other Postretirement Benefits 
 23 
 23. Commitments and Contingencies 
 23 
 24. Subsequent Events 
 25 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 47 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 48 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 49 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 49 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 50 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 51 
 Signatures 
 52 
 
 Unless otherwise stated or the context otherwise indicates, all references in this Form 10-Q to MPC, us, our, we or the Company mean Marathon Petroleum Corporation and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 Glossary of Terms 
 Throughout this report, the following company or industry specific terms and abbreviations are used: 
 ANS Alaska North Slope crude oil, an oil index benchmark price ASU Accounting Standards Update barrel One stock tank barrel, or 42 U.S. gallons liquid volume, used in reference to crude oil or other liquid hydrocarbons CARB California Air Resources Board CARBOB California Reformulated Gasoline Blendstock for Oxygenate Blending CBOB Conventional Gasoline Blendstock for Oxygenate Blending CEC California Energy Commission EBITDA Earnings Before Interest, Tax, Depreciation and Amortization (a non-GAAP financial measure) EPA U.S. Environmental Protection Agency FASB Financial Accounting Standards Board GAAP Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States LIFO Last in, first out, an inventory costing method mbpd Thousand barrels per day MEH Magellan East Houston crude oil, an oil index benchmark price MMBtu One million British thermal units NGL Natural gas liquids, such as ethane, propane, butanes and natural gasoline NYMEX New York Mercantile Exchange RFS2 Revised Renewable Fuel Standard program, as required by the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 RIN Renewable Identification Number SEC U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission ULSD Ultra-low sulfur diesel USGC U.S. Gulf Coast VIE Variable interest entity WTI West Texas Intermediate crude oil, an oil index benchmark price 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

Marathon Petroleum Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Income (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues and other income: Sales and other operating revenues Income from equity method investments Net gain (loss) on disposal of assets ) Other income Total revenues and other income Costs and expenses: Cost of revenues (excludes items below) Depreciation and amortization Selling, general and administrative expenses Other taxes Total costs and expenses Income from operations Net interest and other financial costs Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Less net income attributable to: Redeemable noncontrolling interest Noncontrolling interests Net income attributable to MPC Per share data (See Note 7) 
 Basic: Net income attributable to MPC per share Weighted average shares outstanding Diluted: Net income attributable to MPC per share Weighted average shares outstanding 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 Marathon Petroleum Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Defined benefit plans: Actuarial changes, net of tax of , ), and ), respectively 
 ) ) Prior service, net of tax of ), ), ) and ), respectively 
 ) ) ) ) Other, net of tax of , , and ), respectively 
 ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Comprehensive income Less comprehensive income attributable to: Redeemable noncontrolling interest Noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income attributable to MPC 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Marathon Petroleum Corporation 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets (Unaudited) 
 (Millions of dollars, except share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Short-term investments Receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts of and , respectively 
 Inventories Other current assets Total current assets Equity method investments Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Right of use assets Other noncurrent assets Total assets Liabilities Accounts payable Payroll and benefits payable Accrued taxes Debt due within one year Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Defined benefit postretirement plan obligations Long-term operating lease liabilities Deferred credits and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (see Note 23) 
 Equity Preferred stock, shares issued and outstanding (par value per share, million shares authorized) 
 Common stock: Issued million and million shares (par value per share, billion shares authorized) 
 Held in treasury, at cost million and million shares 
 ) ) Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total MPC stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total equity Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest and equity 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Marathon Petroleum Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 Operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discount ) ) Depreciation and amortization Pension and other postretirement benefits, net ) Deferred income taxes ) ) Net gain on disposal of assets ) ) Income from equity method investments ) ) Distributions from equity method investments Changes in the fair value of derivative instruments Changes in: Current receivables Inventories ) ) Current liabilities and other current assets ) Right of use assets and operating lease liabilities, net ) ) All other, net ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities: Additions to property, plant and equipment ) ) Acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) Disposal of assets Investments acquisitions and contributions ) ) redemptions, repayments, return of capital and sales proceeds Purchases of short-term investments ) ) Sales of short-term investments Maturities of short-term investments All other, net Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Financing activities: Long-term debt borrowings repayments ) ) Debt issuance costs ) ) Issuance of common stock Common stock repurchased ) ) Dividends paid ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) Repurchases of noncontrolling interests ) Redemption of noncontrolling interests - preferred units ) All other, net ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period (a) 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period (a) 
 
 (a) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Marathon Petroleum Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest (Unaudited) 
 MPC Stockholders Equity Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Redeemable Non-controlling Interest (Shares in millions; amounts in millions of dollars) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) Share-based compensation ) ) ) ) Equity transactions of MPLX ) Balance as of March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) Share-based compensation ) Equity transactions of MPLX ) Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) Share-based compensation ) Equity transactions of MPLX ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

7 

Table of Contents 

 Marathon Petroleum Corporation 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity and Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest (Unaudited) 
 MPC Stockholders Equity Common Stock Treasury Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Non-controlling Interests Total Equity Redeemable Non-controlling Interest (Shares in millions; amounts in millions of dollars) Shares Amount Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income Dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) Share-based compensation Equity transactions of MPLX ) ) ) Balance as of March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) Share-based compensation Equity transactions of MPLX Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Dividends declared on common stock per share) 
 ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Shares repurchased ) ) ) Share-based compensation ) Equity transactions of MPLX ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 
 1 . 
 These interim consolidated financial statements should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. The results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 are not necessarily indicative of the results to be expected for the full year. 
 Certain prior period financial statement amounts have been reclassified to conform to current period presentation. 
 
 2. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

3. 
 Certificates of deposit and time deposits Level 2 U.S. government securities Level 1 Corporate notes and bonds Level 2 Total available-for-sale debt securities Cash Total 
 December 31, 2023 (Millions of dollars) Fair Value Level Amortized Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value Cash and Cash Equivalents Short-term Investments Available-for-sale debt securities Commercial paper Level 2 Certificates of deposit and time deposits Level 2 U.S. government securities Level 1 ) Corporate notes and bonds Level 2 Total available-for-sale debt securities ) Cash Total 
 Our investment policy includes concentration limits and credit rating requirements, which limit our investments to high quality, short term and highly liquid securities. 
 Realized gains/losses were not material. All of our available-for-sale debt securities held as of September 30, 2024 mature within one year or less or are readily available for use. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 4 . 
 percent of the outstanding MPLX common units compared to percent as of December 31, 2023. Our ownership was impacted by changes in the redeemable non-controlling interest and unit repurchases. 
 Unit Repurchase Program 
 On August 2, 2022 , MPLX announced its board of directors approved a billion unit repurchase authorization. This u nit repurchase authorization has no expiration date. MPLX may utilize various methods to effect the repurchases, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, accelerated unit repurchases, tender offers or open market solicitations for units, some of which may be effected through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The timing and amount of future repurchases, if any, will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, and such repurchases may be suspended, discontinued or restarted at any time. 
 Cash paid for common units repurchased Average cost per unit 
 As of September 30, 2024, MPLX had approximately million remaining under its unit repurchase authorization. 
 Redemption of the Series B Preferred Units 
 On February 15, 2023, MPLX exercised its right to redeem all of its outstanding preferred units (the Series B preferred units ). MPLX paid unitholders the Series B preferred unit redemption price of per unit. The final semi-annual distribution on the Series B preferred units was paid on February 15, 2023 in the usual manner. 
 The excess of the total redemption price of million paid to Series B preferred unitholders over the carrying value of the Series B preferred units on the redemption date resulted in a million net reduction to retained earnings. 
 Agreements 
 We have various long-term, fee-based commercial agreements with MPLX. Under these agreements, MPLX provides transportation, storage, distribution and marketing services to us. With certain exceptions, these agreements generally contain minimum volume commitments. These transactions are eliminated in consolidation but are reflected as intersegment transactions between our Refining Marketing and Midstream segments. We also have agreements with MPLX that establish fees for operational and management services provided between us and MPLX and for executive management services and certain general and administrative services provided by us to MPLX. These transactions are eliminated in consolidation but are reflected as intersegment transactions between corporate and our Midstream segment. 
 Noncontrolling Interest) ) ) Tax impact ) Increase (decrease) in MPC's additional paid-in capital, net of tax ) ) ) 
 
 5 . 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts Inventories Other current assets Equity method investments Property, plant and equipment, net Goodwill Right of use assets Other noncurrent assets Liabilities Accounts payable Accrued taxes Debt due within one year Operating lease liabilities Other current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred income taxes Long-term operating lease liabilities Deferred credits and other liabilities 
 
 6 . 
 Purchases from related parties 
 Sales to related parties, which are included in sales and other operating revenues, consist primarily of refined product sales and renewable feedstock sales to certain of our equity affiliates. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 7 . 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Net income allocated to participating securities ) ) ) Redemption of preferred units ) Income available to common stockholders Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Effect of dilutive securities Diluted Income available to common stockholders per share: Basic: Net income attributable to MPC per share Diluted: Net income attributable to MPC per share 
 Potential common shares that were anti-dilutive and, therefore, omitted from the diluted share calculation, were immaterial for all periods. 
 
 8. 
 billion share repurchase authorization. As of September 30, 2024, billion remained available for repurchase under the share repurchase authorization. This share repurchase authorization has no expiration date. 
 We may utilize various methods to effect the repurchases, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, accelerated share repurchases, tender offers or open market solicitations for shares, some of which may be effected through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The timing and amount of future repurchases, if any, will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, and such repurchases may be suspended, discontinued or restarted at any time. 
 Cash paid for shares repurchased Average cost per share (a) 
 
 (a) 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 9 . 
 reportable segments: Refining Marketing and Midstream. Each of these segments is organized and managed based upon the nature of the products and services it offers. 
 Refining Marketing refines crude oil and other feedstocks, including renewable feedstocks, at our refineries in the Gulf Coast, Mid-Continent and West Coast regions of the United States, purchases refined products and ethanol for resale and distributes refined products, including renewable diesel, through transportation, storage, distribution and marketing services provided largely by our Midstream segment. We sell refined products to wholesale marketing customers domestically and internationally, to buyers on the spot market, to independent entrepreneurs who operate primarily Marathon branded outlets and through long-term fuel supply contracts with direct dealers who operate locations mainly under the ARCO brand. 
 Midstream gathers, transports, stores and distributes crude oil, refined products, including renewable diesel, and other hydrocarbon-based products principally for the Refining Marketing segment via refining logistics assets, pipelines, terminals, towboats and barges; gathers, processes and transports natural gas; and transports, fractionates, stores and markets NGLs. The Midstream segment primarily reflects the results of MPLX. 
 Our chief operating decision maker CODM evaluates the performance of our segments using segment adjusted EBITDA. Our CODM is the chief executive officer. Amounts included in income before income taxes and excluded from segment adjusted EBITDA include: (i) depreciation and amortization; (ii) net interest and other financial costs; (iii) turnaround expenses; and (iv) other adjustments as deemed necessary. These items are either: (i) believed to be non-recurring in nature; (ii) not believed to be allocable or controlled by the segment; or (iii) not tied to the operational performance of the segment. Assets by segment are not a measure used to assess the performance of the company by the CODM and thus are not reported in our disclosures. 
 
 Midstream Total reportable segments Reconciliation of segment adjusted EBITDA for reportable segments to income before income taxes Total reportable segments Corporate ) ) ) ) Refining planned turnaround costs ) ) ) ) Garyville incident response costs ) ) Gain on sale of assets (a) 
 Depreciation and amortization ) ) ) ) Net interest and other financial costs ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes 
 (a) 

14 

Table of Contents 

 Intersegment revenues Refining Marketing segment revenues Midstream Revenues from external customers (a) 
 Intersegment revenues Midstream segment revenues Total segment revenues Less: intersegment revenues Consolidated sales and other operating revenues (a) 
 
 (a) 
 
 Midstream Total segment income from equity method investments Corporate (a) 
 Consolidated income from equity method investments Depreciation and amortization Refining Marketing Midstream Total segment depreciation and amortization Corporate Consolidated depreciation and amortization Capital expenditures Refining Marketing Midstream Total segment capital expenditures and investments Less investments in equity method investees Plus: Corporate Capitalized interest Consolidated capital expenditures (b) 
 
 (a) 
 (b) 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 10 .) ) ) ) Interest expense Interest capitalized ) ) ) ) Pension and other postretirement non-service costs (a) 
 ) ) ) ) Loss on extinguishment of debt Investments - net premium (discount) amortization ) ) ) ) Other financial costs Net interest and other financial costs 
 (a) 
 
 11. 
 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, which was lower than the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to permanent tax benefits related to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests offset by state taxes. 
 We recorded a combined federal, state and foreign income tax provision of billion for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was higher than the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to state taxes offset by permanent tax benefits related to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and foreign derived intangible income. We recorded a combined federal, state and foreign income tax provision of billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which was lower than the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to permanent tax benefits related to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, a benefit related to foreign derived intangible income, offset by state taxes. 
 
 12. 
 Refined products Materials and supplies Total 

13 . 
 percent ownership interest in BANGL, LLC for million cash, increasing total ownership interest to percent (the BANGL Transaction ). BANGL is a natural gas liquids pipeline system connecting the Delaware and Midland basins to the fractionation market in Sweeny, Texas. The purchase price of the additional percent ownership interest in BANGL, LLC exceeded our portion of the underlying net assets of the joint venture by approximately million.This basis difference is being amortized into net income over the remaining estimated useful lives of the underlying net assets. Following the BANGL Transaction, our investment in BANGL, LLC continues to be accounted for as an equity method investment. 
 Whistler Joint Venture Transaction 
 On May 29, 2024, MPLX and its joint venture partner contributed their respective membership interest in Whistler Pipeline, LLC to a newly formed joint venture, WPC Parent, LLC, and issued a percent voting interest in WPC Parent, LLC to an affiliate of Enbridge Inc. in exchange for the contribution of cash and the Rio Bravo Pipeline project (collectively the Whistler Joint Venture 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 percent to percent. MPLX recognized a gain of million at closing and received a cash distribution of million, recorded as a return of capital, related to the dilution of the ownership interest. The gain is included in income from equity method investments on the accompanying consolidated statements of income and the return of capital is included in investments - redemptions, repayments, return of capital and sales proceeds within the investing section of the accompanying consolidated statements of cash flows. 
 Midstream Acquisition 
 On March 22, 2024, MPLX used million of cash on hand to purchase additional ownership interest in existing joint ventures and gathering assets, which will enhance MPLX s position in the Utica basin. Prior to the acquisition, MPLX owned an indirect interest in Ohio Gathering Company, L.L.C. OGC and a direct interest in Ohio Condensate Company, L.L.C. OCC and now owns a combined percent interest in OGC and a percent interest in OCC, and a dry gas gathering system in the Utica basin. OGC continues to be accounted for as an equity method investment as MPLX did not obtain control of OGC as a result of the transaction. OGC is considered a VIE and MPLX is not deemed to be the primary beneficiary due to voting rights on significant matters. The acquisition date fair value of our investment in OGC exceeded our portion of the underlying net assets of the joint venture by approximately million. This basis difference is being amortized into net income over the remaining estimated useful lives of the underlying net assets. OCC was previously accounted for as an equity method investment, and it is now consolidated and included in our consolidated financial results. 
 The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination requiring all the acquired assets and liabilities to be remeasured to fair value resulting in a consolidated fair value of net assets and liabilities of million. The fair value includes million related to acquired interests in the joint ventures and the remaining balance related to other acquired assets and liabilities. The revaluation of MPLX s existing percent equity method investment in OCC resulted in a million gain, which is included in net gain on disposal of assets on the accompanying consolidated statements of income. The fair value of equity method investments was based on a discounted cash flow model. 
 South Texas Gateway Terminal LLC 
 On August 1, 2023, MPC sold its percent interest in South Texas Gateway Terminal LLC South Texas Gateway to an affiliate of Gibson Energy Inc. Gibson Energy ). Gibson Energy paid billion in cash to acquire 100 percent of the membership interests of South Texas Gateway from MPC and its other members. South Texas Gateway owns an oil export facility in the U.S. Gulf Coast. MPC s proceeds were million, resulting in a gain of million, which is included in net gain on disposal of assets on the accompanying consolidated statements of income. 
 LF Bioenergy Acquisition 
 On March 8, 2023, MPC announced the acquisition of a percent interest in LF Bioenergy, an emerging producer of renewable natural gas RNG in the U.S., for approximately million, which included funding for on-going operations and project development. LF Bioenergy has been focused on developing and growing a portfolio of dairy farm-based, low carbon intensity RNG projects. 
 LF Bioenergy is a VIE since it is unable to fund its operations without financial support from its equity owners. We are not the primary beneficiary of this VIE because we do not have the ability to control the activities that significantly influence the economic outcomes of the entity and, therefore, do not consolidate the entity. MPC accounts for our ownership interest in LF Bioenergy as an equity method investment. 
 
 14 . 
 Midstream Corporate Total 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 15 . 
 ) Liabilities: Commodity contracts ) Embedded derivatives in commodity contracts 
 December 31, 2023 Fair Value Hierarchy (Millions of dollars) Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Netting and Collateral (a) 
 Net Carrying Value on Balance Sheet (b) 
 Collateral Pledged Not Offset Assets: Commodity contracts ) Liabilities: Commodity contracts ) Embedded derivatives in commodity contracts 
 (a) Represents the impact of netting assets, liabilities and cash collateral when a legal right of offset exists. As of September 30, 2024, cash collateral of million was netted with mark-to-market derivative liabilities. As of December 31, 2023, cash collateral of million was netted with mark-to-market derivative liabilities. 
 (b) We have no derivative contracts which are subject to master netting arrangements reflected gross on the balance sheet. 
 Level 2 instruments include over-the-counter fixed swaps to mitigate the price risks from MPLX s sale of propane under certain percent-of-proceeds and keep-whole arrangements. The swap valuations are based on observable inputs in the form of forward prices based on Mount Belvieu propane forward spot prices and contain no significant unobservable inputs. 
 Level 3 instruments relate to an embedded derivative liability for a natural gas purchase commitment embedded in a keep whole processing agreement. The fair value calculation for these Level 3 instruments at September 30, 2024 used significant unobservable inputs including: (1) NGL prices interpolated and extrapolated due to inactive markets ranging from to per gallon with a weighted average of per gallon and (2) a percent probability of renewal for the five -year term of the natural gas purchase commitment and related keep-whole processing agreement. Increases or decreases in the fractionation spread result in an increase or decrease in the fair value of the embedded derivative liability. 
 Unrealized and realized loss included in net income (a) 
 Settlements of derivative instruments ) ) ) ) Ending balance The amount of total loss for the period included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized loss relating to liabilities still held at the end of period (a) : 
 
 (a) 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 billion and billion at September 30, 2024, respectively, and approximately billion and billion at December 31, 2023, respectively. These carrying and fair values of our debt exclude the unamortized issuance costs, which are netted against our total debt. 
 
 16 . 
 Other current liabilities (a) 
 Deferred credits and other liabilities (a) 
 
 (a) Includes embedded derivatives. 
 Refined products Blending products Soybean oil Over-the-counter Propane 
 (a) Included in exchange-traded are spread contracts in thousands of barrels: Crude oil - long and short; Refined products - long and short. There are no spread contracts for blending products or soybean oil. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 ) Cost of revenues ) ) ) Other income ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 
 17 . 
 Notes payable Finance lease obligations Total MPLX LP: Senior notes Finance lease obligations Total Total debt Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Unamortized discount, net of unamortized premium ) ) Amounts due within one year ) ) Total long-term debt due after one year 
 
 MPC Senior Notes 
 On September 16, 2024, we repaid the million outstanding principal amount of 3.625 percent senior notes due September 2024 at maturity using cash on hand. 
 MPLX Senior Notes 
 On May 20, 2024, MPLX issued billion aggregate principal amount of 5.50 percent senior notes due June 2034 (the 2034 Senior Notes in an underwritten public offering. MPLX intends to use the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2034 Senior Notes to repay, redeem or otherwise retire some or all of (i) MPLX's outstanding million aggregate principal amount of 4.875 percent senior notes due December 2024, (ii) MarkWest's outstanding million aggregate principal amount of 4.875 percent senior notes due December 2024 and (iii) MPLX's outstanding million aggregate principal amount of 4.000 percent senior notes due February 2025, and in the interim may use such net proceeds for general partnership purposes. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 July 2027 MPC trade receivables securitization facility (a) 
 September 2027 MPLX MPLX bank revolving credit facility July 2027 
 (a) million. In addition, the facility allows for the issuance of letters of credit in excess of the committed capacity at the discretion of the issuing banks. 
 
 18 . 
 Crude oil Services and other Total revenues from external customers Midstream Refined products Services and other Total revenues from external customers Sales and other operating revenues 
 We do not disclose information on the future performance obligations for any contract with expected duration of one year or less at inception. As of September 30, 2024, we do not have future performance obligations that are material to future periods. 
 Receivables 
 On the accompanying consolidated balance sheets, receivables, less allowance for doubtful accounts primarily consists of customer receivables. Significant, non-customer balances included in our receivables at September 30, 2024 include matching buy/sell receivables of billion. 
 
 19 . 
 Net income taxes paid to (received from) taxing authorities (a) 
 
 (a) million paid to third parties for transferable tax credits. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Increase (decrease) in capital accruals ) Total capital expenditures 
 
 20. 
 Accrued interest payable Other current liabilities Total other current liabilities 
 
 21 .) Other comprehensive gain (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax of ) 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss: Amortization of prior service credit (a) 
 ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial gain (a) 
 ) ) Settlement gain (a) 
 ) ) Other ) ) Tax effect Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 (Millions of dollars) Pension Benefits Other Benefits Other Total Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) ) Other comprehensive gain (loss) before reclassifications, net of tax of 
 ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss: Amortization of prior service credit (a) 
 ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial loss (a) 
 Tax effect Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 (a) 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 22 . 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) ) Amortization of actuarial (gain) loss ) ) Settlement gain ) Net periodic pension benefit cost Other Benefits Service cost Interest cost Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) ) Net periodic other benefit cost 
 The components of net periodic benefit cost, other than the service cost component, are included in net interest and other financial costs on the consolidated statements of income. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we made contributions of million to our funded pension plans. Benefit payments related to unfunded pension and other postretirement benefit plans were million and million, respectively, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 23 . 
 million and million, respectively. It is not presently possible to estimate the ultimate amount of all remediation costs that might be incurred or the penalties, if any, that may be imposed. Receivables for recoverable costs from certain states, under programs to assist companies in clean-up efforts related to underground storage tanks at presently or formerly owned or operated retail marketing sites, were million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Governmental and other entities in various states have filed climate-related lawsuits against a number of energy companies, including MPC. Although each suit is separate and unique, the lawsuits generally allege defendants made knowing misrepresentations about knowingly concealing, or failing to warn of the impacts of their petroleum products which led to increased demand and worsened climate change. Plaintiffs are seeking unspecified damages and abatement under various tort theories, as well as breaches of consumer protection and unfair trade statutes. We are currently subject to such proceedings in federal or state courts in California, Delaware, Maryland, Hawaii, Rhode Island, South Carolina and Oregon. Similar lawsuits may be filed in other jurisdictions. At this early stage, the ultimate outcome of these matters remains uncertain, and neither the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome nor the ultimate liability, if any, can be determined. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million. After subsequent appeal proceedings and in compliance with a new order issued by the BIA, in December 2020, THPP paid approximately million in assessed trespass damages and ceased use of the portion of the pipeline that crosses the property at issue. In March 2021, the BIA issued an order purporting to vacate the BIA s prior orders related to THPP s alleged trespass and direct the Regional Director of the BIA to reconsider the issue of THPP s alleged trespass and issue a new order. In April 2021, THPP filed a lawsuit in the District of North Dakota against the United States of America, the U.S. Department of the Interior and the BIA (collectively, the U.S. Government Parties challenging the March 2021 order purporting to vacate all previous orders related to THPP s alleged trespass. On February 8, 2022, the U.S. Government Parties filed their answer and counterclaims to THPP s suit claiming THPP is in continued trespass with respect to the pipeline and seek disgorgement of pipeline profits from June 1, 2013 to present, removal of the pipeline and remediation. On November 8, 2023, the District Court of North Dakota granted THPP s motion to sever and stay the U.S. Government Parties counterclaims. The case will proceed on the merits of THPP s challenge to the March 2021 order purporting to vacate all previous orders related to THPP s alleged trespass. THPP continues not to operate that portion of the pipeline that crosses the property at issue. 
 We are also a party to a number of other lawsuits and other proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. While the ultimate outcome and impact to us cannot be predicted with certainty, we believe that the resolution of these other lawsuits and proceedings will not, individually or collectively, have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 Guarantees 
 We have provided certain guarantees, direct and indirect, of the indebtedness of other companies. Under the terms of most of these guarantee arrangements, we would be required to perform should the guaranteed party fail to fulfill its obligations under the specified arrangements. In addition to these financial guarantees, we also have various performance guarantees related to specific agreements. 
 Guarantees related to indebtedness of equity method investees 
 LOOP and LOCAP 
 MPC and MPLX hold interests in an offshore oil port, LOOP, and MPLX holds an interest in a crude oil pipeline system, LOCAP. Both LOOP and LOCAP have secured various project financings with throughput and deficiency agreements. Under the agreements, MPC, as a shipper, is required to advance funds if the investees are unable to service their debt. Any such advances are considered prepayments of future transportation charges. The duration of the agreements varies but tend to follow the terms of the underlying debt, which extend through 2040. Our maximum potential undiscounted payments under these agreements for the debt principal totaled million as of September 30, 2024. 
 Dakota Access Pipeline 
 MPLX holds a percent indirect interest in a joint venture Dakota Access ), which owns and operates the Dakota Access Pipeline and Energy Transfer Crude Oil Pipeline projects (collectively, the Bakken Pipeline system ). In 2020, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia (the D.D.C. ordered the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers Army Corps ), which granted permits and an easement for the Bakken Pipeline system, to prepare an environmental impact statement EIS relating to an easement under Lake Oahe in North Dakota. The D.D.C. later vacated the easement. The Army Corps issued a draft EIS in September 2023 detailing various options for the easement going forward, including denying the easement, approving the easement with additional measures, rerouting the easement, or approving the easement with no changes. The Army Corps has not selected a preferred alternative, but will make a decision in its final review, after considering input from the public and other agencies. The pipeline remains operational while the Army Corps finalizes its decision which will follow the issuance of the final EIS. According to public statements from Army Corps officials, the EIS is now expected to be issued in 2025. 
 MPLX has entered into a Contingent Equity Contribution Agreement whereby it, along with the other joint venture owners in the Bakken Pipeline system, has agreed to make equity contributions to the joint venture upon certain events occurring to allow the entities that own and operate the Bakken Pipeline system to satisfy their senior note payment obligations. The senior notes were issued to repay amounts owed by the pipeline companies to fund the cost of construction of the Bakken Pipeline system. If the vacatur of the easement results in a temporary shutdown of the pipeline, MPLX would have to contribute its 9.19 percent pro rata share of funds required to pay interest accruing on the notes and any portion of the principal that matures while the pipeline is shut down. MPLX also expects to contribute its 9.19 percent pro rata share of any costs to remediate any deficiencies to reinstate the easement and/or return the pipeline into operation. If the vacatur of the easement results in a permanent shutdown 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 million. 
 Crowley Blue Water Partners LLC 
 In connection with our percent indirect interest in Crowley Blue Water Partners LLC, we have agreed to provide a conditional guarantee of up to percent of its outstanding debt balance in the event there is no charter agreement in place with an investment grade customer for the entity s three vessels as well as other financial support in certain circumstances. The terms of the underlying debt extend through 2038. As of September 30, 2024, our maximum potential undiscounted payments under this arrangement were million. 
 Other guarantees 
 We have entered into other guarantees with maximum potential undiscounted payments totaling million as of September 30, 2024, which primarily consist of a commitment to indemnify a joint venture member for our pro rata share of any payments made under a performance guarantee for construction of a pipeline by an equity method investee, a commitment to contribute cash to an equity method investee for certain catastrophic events in lieu of procuring insurance coverage, a commitment to pay a termination fee on a supply agreement if terminated during the initial term, a commitment to fund a share of the bonds issued by a government entity for construction of public utilities in the event that other industrial users of the facility default on their utility payments and leases of assets containing general lease indemnities and guaranteed residual values. 
 Contractual Commitments and Contingencies 

24. 
 billion share repurchase authorization. The authorization has no expiration date. We may utilize various methods to effect the repurchases, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, accelerated share repurchases, tender offers or open market solicitations for shares, some of which may be effected through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The timing of repurchases will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, and repurchases may be suspended, discontinued or restarted at any time. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 This section should also be read in conjunction with the unaudited consolidated financial statements and accompanying footnotes included under Item 1. Financial Statements and in conjunction with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 DISCLOSURES REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, particularly Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk, includes forward-looking statements that are subject to risks, contingencies or uncertainties. You can identify forward-looking statements by words such as anticipate, believe, commitment, could, design, estimate, expect, forecast, goal, guidance, intend, may, objective, opportunity, outlook, plan, policy, position, potential, predict, priority, project, prospective, pursue, seek, should, strategy, target, will, would or other similar expressions that convey the uncertainty of future events or outcomes. 
 Forward-looking statements include, among other things, statements regarding: 
 future financial and operating results; 
 environmental, social and governance ESG plans and goals, including those related to greenhouse gas emissions and intensity, freshwater withdraw intensity, diversity and inclusion and ESG reporting; 
 future levels of capital, environmental or maintenance expenditures, general and administrative and other expenses; 
 the success or timing of completion of ongoing or anticipated capital or maintenance projects; 
 business strategies, growth opportunities and expected investments, including plans to improve commercial performance, lower costs and optimize our asset portfolio; 
 consumer demand for refined products, natural gas, renewables and natural gas liquids, such as ethane, propane, butanes and natural gasoline; 
 the timing, amount and form of any future capital return transactions, including dividends and share repurchases by MPC or distributions and unit repurchases by MPLX; and 
 the anticipated effects of actions of third parties such as competitors, activist investors, federal, foreign, state or local regulatory authorities, or plaintiffs in litigation. 
 Our forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance, and you should not rely unduly on them, as they involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that we cannot predict. Forward-looking and other statements regarding our ESG plans and goals are not an indication that these statements are material to investors or required to be disclosed in our filings with the SEC. In addition, historical, current, and forward-looking ESG-related statements may be based on standards for measuring progress that are still developing, internal controls and processes that continue to evolve, and assumptions that are subject to change in the future. Material differences between actual results and any future performance suggested in our forward-looking statements could result from a variety of factors, including the following: 
 general economic, political or regulatory developments, including inflation, interest rates, changes in governmental policies relating to refined petroleum products, crude oil, natural gas, NGLs or renewables, or taxation; 
 the regional, national and worldwide availability and pricing of refined products, crude oil, natural gas, renewables, NGLs and other feedstocks; 
 disruptions in credit markets or changes to credit ratings; 
 the adequacy of capital resources and liquidity, including availability, timing and amounts of free cash flow necessary to execute business plans and to effect any share repurchases or to maintain or increase the dividend; 
 the potential effects of judicial or other proceedings on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows; 
 the timing and extent of changes in commodity prices and demand for crude oil, refined products, feedstocks or other hydrocarbon-based products, or renewables; 
 volatility in or degradation of general economic, market, industry or business conditions, including as a result of pandemics, other infectious disease outbreaks, natural hazards, extreme weather events, regional conflicts such as hostilities in the Middle East and in Ukraine, inflation, or rising interest rates; 
 our ability to comply with federal and state environmental, economic, health and safety, energy and other policies and regulations and enforcement actions initiated thereunder; 
 adverse market conditions or other risks affecting MPLX; 
 refining industry overcapacity or under capacity; 
 foreign imports and exports of crude oil, refined products, natural gas and NGLs; 
 changes in producer customers drilling plans or in volumes of throughput of crude oil, natural gas, NGLs, refined products, other hydrocarbon-based products or renewables; 
 non-payment or non-performance by our customers; 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 changes in the cost or availability of third-party vessels, pipelines, railcars and other means of transportation for crude oil, natural gas, NGLs, feedstocks, refined products and renewables; 
 the price, availability and acceptance of alternative fuels and alternative-fuel vehicles and laws mandating such fuels or vehicles; 
 political and economic conditions in nations that consume refined products, natural gas, renewables and NGLs, including the United States and Mexico, and in crude oil producing regions, including the Middle East, Russia, Africa, Canada and South America; 
 actions taken by our competitors, including pricing adjustments, the expansion and retirement of refining capacity and the expansion and retirement of pipeline capacity, processing, fractionation and treating facilities in response to market conditions; 
 completion of pipeline projects within the United States; 
 changes in fuel and utility costs for our facilities; 
 industrial incidents or other unscheduled shutdowns affecting our refineries, machinery, pipelines, processing, fractionation and treating facilities or equipment, means of transportation, or those of our suppliers or customers; 
 acts of war, terrorism or civil unrest that could impair our ability to produce refined products, receive feedstocks or to gather, process, fractionate or transport crude oil, natural gas, NGLs, refined products or renewables; 
 political pressure and influence of environmental groups and other stakeholders that are adverse to the production, gathering, refining, processing, fractionation, transportation and marketing of crude oil or other feedstocks, refined products, natural gas, NGLs, other hydrocarbon-based products or renewables; 
 labor and material shortages; 
 the timing and ability to obtain necessary regulatory approvals and permits and to satisfy other conditions necessary to complete planned projects or to consummate planned transactions within the expected timeframe, if at all; 
 the inability or failure of our joint venture partners to fund their share of operations and development activities; 
 the financing and distribution decisions of joint ventures we do not control; 
 the availability of desirable strategic alternatives to optimize portfolio assets and the ability to obtain regulatory and other approvals with respect thereto; 
 our ability to successfully implement our sustainable energy strategy and principles and achieve our ESG goals and targets within the expected timeframe, if at all; 
 the costs, disruption and diversion of management s attention associated with campaigns commenced by activist investors; 
 personnel changes; and 
 the imposition of windfall profit taxes, maximum margin penalties or minimum inventory requirements on companies operating in the energy industry in California or other jurisdictions. 
 For additional risk factors affecting our business, see the risk factors described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements except to the extent required by applicable law. 
 
 EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 Business Update 
 Our third quarter results reflect a lower margin environment versus the third quarter of 2023. Margin volatility in the third quarter reflected steady demand for gasoline and diesel and growing demand for jet fuel while refining utilization remained high supported by a light turnaround season and limited seasonal supply interruptions. Longer term, demand growth is expected to exceed the net supply impact from limited capacity additions through the end of the decade and announced and expected refinery rationalizations. We anticipate these fundamentals, as well as the U.S. refining industry s current structural advantages over the rest of the world, will support a constructive environment for U.S. refiners. 
 
 In June 2023, the California legislature adopted and implemented certain provisions of Senate Bill No.2 (such statute, together with any regulations contemplated or issued thereunder, SB X1-2 ), which authorizes the CEC to establish a maximum gross gasoline refining margin with respect to refining activities in California, as well as establish penalties for refiners for exceeding the yet to be issued margin cap. The law further expands on existing reporting requirements for refiners to the CEC. In October 2024, California s governor signed Assembly Bill No.1 (such statute, together with any regulations contemplated or issued thereunder, AB X2-1 ), into law, authorizing the CEC to require that petroleum refiners maintain a minimum inventory of transportation fuels as well as require petroleum refiners to plan for resupply during scheduled maintenance. We will evaluate the impact that SB X1-2 and AB X2-1 and any associated forthcoming CEC regulations may have on our current or anticipated future operations in California and results of operations when SB X1-2 or AB X2-1 are fully implemented. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Strategic Updates 
 Midstream Growth Transactions 
 On July 31, 2024, MPLX exercised its right of first offer under the BANGL, LLC joint venture agreement to purchase an additional 20 percent ownership interest in BANGL, LLC for 210 million cash, increasing total ownership interest to 45 percent. BANGL is a natural gas liquids pipeline system connecting the Delaware and Midland basins to the fractionation market in Sweeny, Texas. 
 On May 29, 2024, MPLX and its joint venture partner contributed their respective membership interest in Whistler Pipeline, LLC to a newly formed joint venture, WPC Parent, LLC and issued a 19 percent voting interest in WPC Parent, LLC to an affiliate of Enbridge Inc. in exchange for the contribution of cash and the Rio Bravo Pipeline project (collectively, the Whistler Joint Venture Transaction ). The combined platform connects Permian supply to incremental LNG export markets and supports the development of additional pipeline projects. As a result of the transaction, MPLX s voting interest in the joint venture was reduced from 37.5 percent to 30.4 percent. MPLX recognized a gain of 151 million at closing and received a cash distribution of 134 million, recorded as a return of capital, related to the dilution of the ownership interest. 
 On March 22, 2024, MPLX used 625 million of cash to purchase additional ownership interest in existing joint ventures and gathering assets, which will enhance MPLX s position in the Utica basin. Prior to the acquisition, MPLX owned an indirect interest in OGC and a direct interest in OCC and now owns a combined 73 percent interest in OGC and a 100 percent interest in OCC, and a dry gas gathering system in the Utica basin. 
 See Note 13 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information on these transactions. 
 Share Repurchase Authorization 
 On November 5, 2024, we announced that our board of directors approved a 5.0 billion share repurchase authorization that is in addition to the 5.0 billion share repurchase authorization announced on April 30, 2024. The share repurchase authorizations have no expiration date. Future repurchases under these authorizations will depend on the macro environment, cash available after opportunities for capital investment and growth of the business and market conditions. As of September 30, 2024, MPC had 4.04 billion remaining under the April 2024 share repurchase authorization. 
 See Notes 8 and 24 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our share repurchase authorizations. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Results 
 Our CODM evaluates the performance of our segments using segment adjusted EBITDA. Amounts included in income before income taxes and excluded from segment adjusted EBITDA include: (i) depreciation and amortization; (ii) net interest and other financial costs; (iii) turnaround expenses; and (iv) other adjustments as deemed necessary. These items are either: (i) believed to be non-recurring in nature; (ii) not believed to be allocable or controlled by the segment; or (iii) are not tied to the operational performance of the segment. 
 Select results are reflected in the following table. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Segment adjusted EBITDA for reportable segments Refining Marketing 1,053 4,373 4,899 11,389 Midstream 1,628 1,539 4,837 4,601 Total reportable segments 2,681 5,912 9,736 15,990 Reconciliation of segment adjusted EBITDA for reportable segments to income before income taxes Total reportable segments 2,681 5,912 9,736 15,990 Corporate (196) (204) (600) (533) Refining planned turnaround costs (290) (153) (1,121) (902) Garyville incident response costs (63) (63) Gain on sale of assets (a) 
 106 151 106 Depreciation and amortization (846) (845) (2,511) (2,479) Net interest and other financial costs (221) (118) (594) (414) Income before income taxes 1,128 4,635 5,061 11,705 Net income attributable to MPC per diluted share 1.87 8.28 8.83 19.57 
 (a) The first nine months of 2024 includes the gain from the Whistler Joint Venture Transaction. See Note 13 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information. 2023 includes the gain on the sale of MPC s 25 percent interest in South Texas Gateway. 
 Net income attributable to MPC was 622 million, or 1.87 per diluted share, in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 3.28 billion, or 8.28 per diluted share, for the third quarter of 2023 and 3.07 billion, or 8.83 per diluted share, in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 8.23 billion, or 19.57 per diluted share, in the first nine months of 2023. The decreases in net income attributable to MPC were largely due to lower Refining Marketing margins, partially offset by decreases in provisions for income taxes. 
 Refer to the Results of Operations section for a discussion of consolidated financial results and Segment Results for the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the third quarter of 2023 and the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. 
 MPLX 
 We owned approximately 647 million MPLX common units as of September 30, 2024, with a market value of 28.78 billion based on the September 30, 2024 closing price of 44.46 per common unit. On October 29, 2024, MPLX declared a quarterly cash distribution of 0.9565 per common unit payable on November 15, 2024, to unitholders of record on November 8, 2024. This represents a 12.5 percent increase over the prior quarter distribution. MPC s portion of this distribution is approximately 619 million. 
 We received limited partner distributions of 1.65 billion from MPLX in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 1.51 billion in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, MPLX repurchased approximately 6 million MPLX common units at an average cost per unit of 41.32 and paid 226 million of cash. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 620 million remained available under the authorization for future unit repurchases. 
 See Note 4 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information on MPLX. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 OVERVIEW OF SEGMENTS 
 Refining Marketing 
 Refining Marketing segment adjusted EBITDA depends largely on our refinery throughput, Refining Marketing margin, refining operating costs and distribution costs. 
 Refining Marketing margin is the difference between the prices of refined products sold and the costs of crude oil and other charge and blendstocks refined, including the costs to transport these inputs to our refineries and the costs of products purchased for resale. The crack spread is a measure of the difference between market prices for refined products and crude oil, commonly used by the industry as a proxy for the refining margin. Crack spreads can fluctuate significantly, particularly when prices of refined products do not move in the same relationship as the cost of crude oil. As a performance benchmark and a comparison with other industry participants, we calculate Gulf Coast, Mid-Continent and West Coast crack spreads that we believe most closely track our operations and slate of products. The following are used for these crack spread calculations: 
 The Gulf Coast crack spread uses three barrels of MEH crude producing two barrels of USGC CBOB gasoline and one barrel of USGC ULSD; 
 The Mid-Continent crack spread uses three barrels of WTI crude producing two barrels of Chicago CBOB gasoline and one barrel of Chicago ULSD; and 
 The West Coast crack spread uses three barrels of ANS crude producing two barrels of LA CARBOB and one barrel of LA CARB Diesel. 
 Our refineries can process a variety of sweet and sour crude oil, which typically can be purchased at a discount to crude oil referenced in our Gulf Coast, Mid-Continent and West Coast crack spreads. The amount of these discounts, which we refer to as the sweet differential and the sour differential, can vary significantly, causing our Refining Marketing margin to differ from blended crack spreads. In general, larger sweet and sour differentials will enhance our Refining Marketing margin. 
 Future crude oil differentials will be dependent on a variety of market and economic factors, as well as U.S. energy policy. 
 The following table provides sensitivities showing an estimated change in annual Refining Marketing segment adjusted EBITDA due to potential changes in market conditions. 
 (Millions of dollars) Blended crack spread sensitivity (a) (per 1.00/barrel change) 
 1,080 Sour differential sensitivity (b) (per 1.00/barrel change) 
 500 Sweet differential sensitivity (c) (per 1.00/barrel change) 
 500 Natural gas price sensitivity (d) (per 1.00/MMBtu) 
 330 
 (a) Crack spread based on 42 percent MEH, 40 percent WTI and 18 percent ANS with Gulf Coast, Mid-Continent and West Coast product pricing, respectively, and assumes all other differentials and pricing relationships remain unchanged. 
 (b) Sour crude oil basket consists of the following crudes: ANS, Argus Sour Crude Index, Maya and Western Canadian Select. We assume approximately 50 percent of the crude processed at our refineries in 2024 will be sour crude. 
 (c) Sweet crude oil basket consists of the following crudes: Bakken, Brent, MEH, WTI-Cushing and WTI-Midland. We assume approximately 50 percent of the crude processed at our refineries in 2024 will be sweet crude. 
 (d) This is consumption-based exposure for our Refining Marketing segment and does not include the sales exposure for our Midstream segment. 
 In addition to the market changes indicated by the crack spreads, the sour differential and the sweet differential, our Refining Marketing margin is impacted by factors such as: 
 the selling prices realized for refined products; 
 the types of crude oil and other charge and blendstocks processed; 
 our refinery yields; 
 the cost of products purchased for resale; 
 the impact of commodity derivative instruments used to hedge price risk; 
 the potential impact of lower of cost or market adjustments to inventories in periods of declining prices; 
 the potential impact of LIFO charges due to changes in historic inventory levels; and 
 the cost of purchasing RINs in the open market to comply with RFS2 requirements. 
 Refining Marketing segment adjusted EBITDA is also affected by changes in refining operating costs in addition to committed distribution costs. Changes in operating costs are primarily driven by the cost of energy used by our refineries, including purchased natural gas, and the level of maintenance costs. Distribution costs primarily include long-term agreements with MPLX, which as discussed below include minimum commitments to MPLX, and will negatively impact segment adjusted EBITDA in periods when throughput or sales are lower or refineries are idled. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 We have various long-term, fee-based commercial agreements with MPLX. Under these agreements, MPLX, which is reported in our Midstream segment, provides transportation, storage, distribution and marketing services to our Refining Marketing segment. Certain of these agreements include commitments for minimum quarterly throughput and distribution volumes of crude oil and refined products and minimum storage volumes of crude oil, refined products and other products. Certain other agreements include commitments to pay for 100 percent of available capacity for certain marine transportation and refining logistics assets. 
 Midstream 
 Our Midstream segment gathers, transports, stores and distributes crude oil, refined products, including renewable diesel, and other hydrocarbon-based products, principally for our Refining Marketing segment. Additionally, the segment markets refined products. The profitability of our pipeline transportation operations primarily depends on tariff rates and the volumes shipped through the pipelines. The profitability of our marine operations primarily depends on the quantity and availability of our vessels and barges. The profitability of our terminal operations primarily depends on the throughput volumes at our terminals. The profitability of our fuels distribution services primarily depends on the sales volumes of certain refined products. The profitability of our refining logistics operations depends on the quantity and availability of our refining logistics assets. A majority of the crude oil and refined product shipments on our pipelines and marine vessels, the throughput at our terminals and refining logistics assets serve our Refining Marketing segment and our fuels distribution services are used solely by our Refining Marketing segment. As discussed above in the Refining Marketing section, MPLX, which is reported in our Midstream segment, has various long-term, fee-based commercial agreements related to services provided to our Refining Marketing segment. Under these agreements, MPLX has received various commitments of minimum throughput, storage and distribution volumes as well as commitments to pay for all available capacity of certain assets. The volume of crude oil that we transport is directly affected by the supply of, and refiner demand for, crude oil in the markets served directly by our crude oil pipelines, terminals and marine operations. Key factors in this supply and demand balance are the production levels of crude oil by producers in various regions or fields, the availability and cost of alternative modes of transportation, the volumes of crude oil processed at refineries and refinery and transportation system maintenance levels. The volume of refined products that we transport, store, distribute and market is directly affected by the production levels of, and user demand for, refined products in the markets served by our refined product pipelines and marine operations. In most of our markets, demand for gasoline and distillate peaks during the summer driving season, which extends from May through September of each year, and declines during the fall and winter months. As with crude oil, other transportation alternatives and system maintenance levels influence refined product movements. 
 Our Midstream segment also gathers, processes and transports natural gas and transports, fractionates, stores and markets NGLs. NGL and natural gas prices are volatile and are impacted by changes in fundamental supply and demand, as well as market uncertainty, availability of NGL transportation and fractionation capacity and a variety of additional factors that are beyond our control. Our Midstream segment profitability is affected by prevailing commodity prices primarily as a result of processing at our own or third party processing plants, purchasing and selling or gathering and transporting volumes of natural gas at index related prices and the cost of third party transportation and fractionation services. To the extent that commodity prices influence the level of natural gas drilling by our producer customers, such prices also affect profitability. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 The following discussion includes comments and analysis relating to our results of operations. This discussion should be read in conjunction with Item 1. Financial Statements and is intended to provide investors with a reasonable basis for assessing our historical operations, but should not serve as the only criteria for predicting our future performance. 
 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 Variance 2024 2023 Variance Revenues and other income: Sales and other operating revenues 35,107 40,917 (5,810) 105,727 112,124 (6,397) Income from equity method investments 219 215 4 796 547 249 Net gain (loss) on disposal of assets (2) 110 (112) 17 126 (109) Other income 49 341 (292) 406 687 (281) Total revenues and other income 35,373 41,583 (6,210) 106,946 113,484 (6,538) Costs and expenses: Cost of revenues (excludes items below) 32,144 34,928 (2,784) 95,682 95,984 (302) Depreciation and amortization 846 845 1 2,511 2,479 32 Selling, general and administrative expenses 815 824 (9) 2,417 2,219 198 Other taxes 219 233 (14) 681 683 (2) Total costs and expenses 34,024 36,830 (2,806) 101,291 101,365 (74) Income from operations 1,349 4,753 (3,404) 5,655 12,119 (6,464) Net interest and other financial costs 221 118 103 594 414 180 Income before income taxes 1,128 4,635 (3,507) 5,061 11,705 (6,644) Provision for income taxes 113 1,004 (891) 779 2,410 (1,631) Net income 1,015 3,631 (2,616) 4,282 9,295 (5,013) Less net income attributable to: Redeemable noncontrolling interest 6 25 (19) 21 71 (50) Noncontrolling interests 387 326 61 1,187 994 193 Net income attributable to MPC 622 3,280 (2,658) 3,074 8,230 (5,156) 
 Third Quarter 2024 Compared to Third Quarter 2023 
 Net income attributable to MPC decreased 2.66 billion in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily due to lower Refining Marketing margins, partially offset by a decreased provision for income taxes. 
 Revenues and other income decreased 6.21 billion primarily due to: 
 decreased sales and other operating revenues of 5.81 billion primarily due to decreased Refining Marketing segment average refined product sales prices of 0.45 per gallon, partially offset by increased refined product sales volumes of 89 mbpd; 
 decreased net gain on disposal of assets of 112 million primarily due to the 106 million gain on the sale of MPC s 25 percent interest in South Texas Gateway in the third quarter of 2023; and 
 decreased other income of 292 million mainly due to lower income on RIN sales and the absence of insurance proceeds received in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Costs and expenses decreased 2.81 billion primarily due to: 
 decreased cost of revenues of 2.78 billion primarily due to lower crude oil costs and decreases in finished product purchases; and 
 decreased selling, general and administrative expenses of 9 million primarily due to a decrease in equity compensation of 72 million, partially offset by increases in office expenses of 20 million, salaries and employee related costs of 16 million, contract services of 14 million and legal expenses of 13 million. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Net interest and other financial costs increased 103 million largely due to decreased interest income, primarily on lower short-term investments, and increases in interest expense, mainly due to higher MPLX borrowings, currency exchange losses and non-service pension costs. 
 We recorded a combined federal, state and foreign income tax provision of 113 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, which was lower than the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to permanent tax benefits related to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests offset by state taxes. We recorded a combined federal, state and foreign income tax provision of 1.0 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which was higher than the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to state taxes offset by permanent tax benefits related to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests and foreign derived intangible income. 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased 61 million primarily due to an increase in MPLX s net income in the third quarter of 2024. See further discussion in the Midstream Segment Results section. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net income attributable to MPC decreased 5.16 billion in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 primarily due to lower Refining Marketing margins, partially offset by a decreased provision for income taxes. 
 Revenues and other income decreased 6.54 billion primarily due to: 
 decreased sales and other operating revenues of 6.40 billion primarily due to decreased Refining Marketing segment average refined product sales prices of 0.22 per gallon, partially offset by increased refined product sales volumes of 58 mbpd; 
 increased income from equity method investments of 249 million primarily due to the gain on sale of assets resulting from the Whistler Joint Venture Transaction and increased income from our Martinez Renewables joint venture; 
 decreased net gain on disposal of assets of 109 million primarily due to the 106 million gain on the sale of MPC s 25 percent interest in South Texas Gateway in the first nine months of 2023; and 
 decreased other income of 281 million mainly due to lower income on RINs sales, partially offset by higher insurance proceeds. 
 Costs and expenses decreased 74 million primarily due to: 
 decreased cost of revenues of 302 million primarily due to decreased crude oil costs and finished product purchases, partially offset by higher contract services and material and supply expenses related to increased turnaround activity; and 
 increased selling, general and administrative expenses of 198 million largely due to increases in contract services costs of 59 million, salaries and employee related costs of 48 million and 30 million of expense related to decommissioning of non-operating assets. 
 Net interest and other financial costs increased 180 million largely due to decreased interest income, primarily on lower short-term investments, and increases in non-service pension costs, interest expense, mainly due to higher MPLX borrowings, and currency exchange losses. 
 We recorded a combined federal, state and foreign income tax provision of 779 million for the nine months ended 2024, which was lower than the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to permanent tax benefits related to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests offset by state taxes. We recorded a combined federal, state and foreign income tax provision of 2.41 billion for the nine months ended 2023, which was lower than the U.S. statutory rate primarily due to permanent tax benefits related to net income attributable to noncontrolling interests, a benefit related to foreign derived intangible income, offset by state taxes. 
 Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests increased 193 million primarily due to an increase in MPLX s net income in the first nine months of 2024. See further discussion in the Midstream Segment Results section. 
 
 Segment Results 
 We classify our business in the following reportable segments: Refining Marketing and Midstream. Segment adjusted EBITDA represents adjusted EBITDA attributable to the reportable segments. Amounts included in income before income taxes and excluded from segment adjusted EBITDA include: (i) depreciation and amortization; (ii) net interest and other financial costs; (iii) turnaround expenses; and (iv) other adjustments as deemed necessary. These items are either: (i) believed to be non-recurring in nature; (ii) not believed to be allocable or controlled by the segment or (iii) are not tied to the operational performance of the segment. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

The following shows the percentage of segment adjusted EBITDA by segment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Refining Marketing 
 The following includes key financial and operating data for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

34 

Table of Contents 

(a) Includes intersegment sales to Midstream and sales destined for export. 

Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Refining Marketing Operating Statistics Net refinery throughput (mbpd 
 2,991 2,959 2,907 2,908 Refining Marketing margin per barrel (a)(b) 
 14.35 26.16 16.82 24.80 Less: Refining operating costs per barrel (c) 
 5.30 5.14 5.44 5.32 Distribution costs per barrel (d) 
 5.41 5.44 5.58 5.29 Other income per barrel (e) 
 (0.18) (0.48) (0.35) (0.16) Refining Marketing segment adjusted EBITDA per barrel 3.82 16.06 6.15 14.35 Less: Refining planned turnaround costs per barrel 1.05 0.56 1.41 1.14 Depreciation and amortization per barrel 1.69 1.70 1.75 1.78 Refining Marketing segment income per barrel 1.08 13.80 2.99 11.43 Per barrel fees paid to MPLX included in distribution costs above 3.65 3.58 3.72 3.60 
 (a) Sales revenue less cost of refinery inputs and purchased products, divided by net refinery throughput. 
 (b) See Non-GAAP Financial Measure section for reconciliation and further information regarding this non-GAAP financial measure. 
 (c) Refining operating costs exclude planned turnaround and depreciation and amortization expense. 
 (d) Distribution costs exclude depreciation and amortization expense. 
 (e) Includes income or loss from equity method investments, net gain or loss on disposal of assets and other income or loss. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 The following information presents certain benchmark prices in our marketing areas and market indicators that we believe are helpful in understanding the results of our Refining Marketing segment. The benchmark crack spreads below do not reflect the market cost of RINs necessary to meet EPA renewable volume obligations for attributable products under the Renewable Fuel Standard. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Benchmark Spot Prices (dollars per gallon) 
 Chicago CBOB unleaded regular gasoline 2.20 2.51 2.23 2.44 Chicago ULSD 2.30 2.71 2.39 2.63 USGC CBOB unleaded regular gasoline 2.11 2.58 2.21 2.44 USGC ULSD 2.24 2.96 2.43 2.74 LA CARBOB 2.36 3.30 2.56 2.93 LA CARB diesel 2.30 3.36 2.50 2.89 Market Indicators (dollars per barrel) 
 WTI 75.27 82.22 77.61 77.28 MEH 76.52 84.01 79.24 78.81 ANS 79.00 88.02 82.32 81.82 Crack Spreads: Mid-Continent WTI 3-2-1 15.62 20.71 15.92 21.51 USGC MEH 3-2-1 10.14 22.52 13.12 20.10 West Coast ANS 3-2-1 15.32 44.04 20.91 32.81 Blended 3-2-1 (a) 
 13.27 26.10 15.69 23.21 Crude Oil Differentials: Sweet (1.19) (0.66) (1.33) (0.23) Sour (3.92) (3.97) (4.56) (6.31) 
 (a) Blended 3-2-1 Mid-Continent/USGC/West Coast crack spread is 40/42/18 percent effective April 1, 2024 and 40/40/20 percent for prior periods. 
 Third Quarter 2024 Compared to Third Quarter 2023 
 Refining Marketing segment revenues decreased 5.84 billion primarily due to decreased average refined product sales prices of 0.45 per gallon, partially offset by increased refined product sales volumes of 89 mbpd. 
 Net refinery throughput increased 32 mbpd during the third quarter of 2024. 
 Refining Marketing segment adjusted EBITDA decreased 3.32 billion primarily due to decreases in per barrel margins. Refining Marketing segment adjusted EBITDA was 3.82 per barrel for the third quarter of 2024, versus 16.06 per barrel for the third quarter of 2023. 
 Refining Marketing margin was 14.35 per barrel for the third quarter of 2024 compared to 26.16 per barrel for the third quarter of 2023. Refining Marketing margin is affected by our performance against the market indicators shown earlier, which use spot market values and an estimated mix of crude purchases and product sales. Based on the market indicators and our crude oil throughput, we estimate a net negative impact of approximately 4 billion on Refining Marketing margin for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to lower crack spreads. Our reported Refining Marketing margin differs from market indicators due to the mix of crudes purchased and their costs, the effect of market structure on our crude oil acquisition prices, the effect of RIN prices on the crack spread, and other items like refinery yields, other feedstock variances and fuel margin from sales to direct dealers. These factors had an estimated net positive effect of approximately 300 million on Refining Marketing segment adjusted EBITDA in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, refining operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, increased 56 million, or 0.16 per barrel, primarily due to higher maintenance costs and expenses for projects conducted during turnaround activity. 
 Distribution costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, include fees paid to MPLX of 1.0 billion and 975 million for the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Other income decreased 84 million, or 0.30 per barrel, largely due to the absence of insurance proceeds received in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Refining planned turnaround costs increased 0.49 per barrel, or 137 million, due to the scope and timing of turnaround activity. 
 We purchase RINs to satisfy a portion of our RFS2 compliance. Our expenses associated with purchased RINs were 253 million and 561 million in the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The RINs expense is included in Refining Marketing margin. The decrease in the third quarter of 2024 was primarily due to decreased RIN sales and average RINs prices in addition to increased RINs generated and acquired from our Martinez Renewables joint venture, partially offset by an increased RIN obligation. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Refining Marketing segment revenues decreased 6.51 billion primarily due to decreased average refined product sales prices of 0.22 per gallon, partially offset by increased refined product sales volumes of 58 mbpd. 
 Net refinery throughput was 2,907 mbpd in the first nine months of 2024, which was comparable to the first nine months of 2023. 
 Refining Marketing segment adjusted EBITDA decreased 6.49 billion primarily driven by decreases in per barrel margins. Refining Marketing segment adjusted EBITDA was 6.15 per barrel for the first nine months of 2024, versus 14.35 per barrel for the first nine months of 2023. 
 Refining Marketing margin was 16.82 per barrel for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 24.80 per barrel for the first nine months of 2023. Refining Marketing margin is affected by the market indicators shown earlier, which use spot market values and an estimated mix of crude purchases and product sales. Based on the market indicators and our crude oil throughput, we estimate a net negative impact of approximately 6 billion on Refining Marketing margin for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023, primarily due to lower crack spreads. Our reported Refining Marketing margin differs from market indicators due to the mix of crudes purchased and their costs, market structure on our crude oil acquisition prices, RIN prices on the crack spread, and other items like refinery yields, other feedstock variances and fuel margin from sales to direct dealers. These factors had an estimated net positive effect of approximately 20 million on Refining Marketing segment income in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, refining operating costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, increased 110 million, or 0.12 per barrel, primarily driven by higher expenses for projects conducted during turnaround activity. 
 Distribution costs, excluding depreciation and amortization, increased 246 million for the first nine months of 2024, or 0.29 per barrel, and include fees paid to MPLX of 2.96 billion and 2.86 billion for the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase was primarily due to higher pipeline tariff rates and logistics fee escalations. 
 Other income increased 150 million, or 0.19 per barrel, largely due to insurance proceeds and increased income from our Martinez Renewables joint venture. 
 Refining planned turnaround costs increased 219 million , or 0.27 per barrel, due to the scope and timing of turnaround activity. 
 We purchase RINs to satisfy a portion of our RFS2 compliance. Our expenses associated with purchased RINs were 847 million and 1.72 billion in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively. The RINs expense is included in Refining Marketing margin. The decrease in the first nine months of 2024 was primarily due to decreased average RINs prices, increased RINs generated and acquired from our Martinez Renewables joint venture and lower RIN sales. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 Supplemental Refining Marketing Statistics 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Refining Marketing Operating Statistics Crude oil capacity utilization percent (a) 
 94 94 91 92 Refinery throughput mbpd ): 
 Crude oil refined 2,776 2,773 2,690 2,680 Other charge and blendstocks 215 186 217 228 Net refinery throughput 2,991 2,959 2,907 2,908 Sour crude oil throughput percent 42 46 44 44 Sweet crude oil throughput percent 58 54 56 56 Refined product yields mbpd ): 
 Gasoline (b) 
 1,494 1,511 1,464 1,506 Distillates (b) 
 1,111 1,061 1,066 1,040 Propane 68 65 66 66 NGLs and petrochemicals (b) 
 212 202 205 196 Heavy fuel oil 63 74 59 55 Asphalt 83 87 82 84 Total 3,031 3,000 2,942 2,947 Refined product export sales volumes mbpd (c) 
 380 325 347 306 
 (a) Based on calendar-day capacity, which is an annual average that includes down time for planned maintenance and other normal operating activities. 
 (b) Product yields include renewable production. 
 (c) Represents fully loaded export cargoes for each time period. These sales volumes are included in the total sales volume amounts. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Midstream 
 The following includes key financial and operating data for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

(a) On owned common-carrier pipelines, excluding equity method investments. 
 (b) Includes operating data for entities that have been consolidated into the MPLX financial statements as well as operating data for partnership-operated equity method investments. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Benchmark Prices 2024 2023 2024 2023 Natural Gas NYMEX HH (per MMBtu) 
 2.23 2.66 2.22 2.58 C2 + NGL Pricing (per gallon) (a) 
 0.67 0.68 0.70 0.69 
 (a) C2 + NGL pricing based on Mont Belvieu prices assuming an NGL barrel of approximately 35 percent ethane, 35 percent propane, 6 percent iso-butane, 12 percent normal butane and 12 percent natural gasoline. 
 Third Quarter 2024 Compared to Third Quarter 2023 
 In the third quarter of 2024, Midstream segment adjusted EBITDA increased 89 million mainly due to increased sales and operating revenues of 74 million resulting from higher rates and volumes, including growth from equity method affiliates, and contributions from recently acquired assets in the Utica and Permian basins. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Midstream segment adjusted EBITDA increased 236 million in the first nine months of 2024 primarily due to increased sales and operating revenues of 320 million resulting from rate escalations, higher natural gas gathering and processing volumes and contributions from recently acquired assets. 
 
 Corporate 
 (millions of dollars) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Corporate (a) 
 (224) (246) (675) (613) 
 (a) Corporate costs consist primarily of MPC s corporate administrative expenses and costs related to certain non-operating assets, except for corporate overhead expenses attributable to MPLX, which are included in the Midstream segment. Corporate costs include depreciation and amortization of 28 million and 42 million for the third quarter of 2024 and 2023, respectively, and 75 million and 80 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Third Quarter 2024 Compared to Third Quarter 2023 
 In the third quarter of 2024, corporate expenses decreased 22 million primarily due to a decrease in equity compensation of approximately 43 million. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Corporate expenses increased 62 million in the first nine months of 2024 largely due to 30 million of expense related to decommissioning of non-operating assets. 
 Items not Allocated to Segments 
 (millions of dollars) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Items not allocated to segments: Gain on sale of assets 106 151 106 
 Third Quarter 2024 Compared to Third Quarter 2023 
 Gain on sale of assets includes the 106 million gain on the sale of MPC s 25 percent interest in South Texas Gateway in the third quarter of 2023. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Gain on sale of assets in the first nine months of 2024 includes 151 million resulting from the Whistler Joint Venture Transaction. See Note 13 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information on this transaction. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 Non-GAAP Financial Measure 
 Management uses a financial measure to evaluate our operating performance that is calculated and presented on the basis of a methodology other than in accordance with GAAP. The non-GAAP financial measure we use is as follows: 
 Refining Marketing Margin 
 Refining Marketing margin is defined as sales revenue less cost of refinery inputs and purchased products. We use and believe our investors use this non-GAAP financial measure to evaluate our Refining Marketing segment s operating and financial performance as it is the most comparable measure to the industry s market reference product margins. This measure should not be considered a substitute for, or superior to, Refining Marketing gross margin or other measures of financial performance prepared in accordance with GAAP, and our calculations thereof may not be comparable to similarly titled measures reported by other companies. 
 Reconciliation of Refining Marketing segment adjusted EBITDA to Refining Marketing gross margin and Refining Marketing margin 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Refining Marketing segment adjusted EBITDA 1,053 4,373 4,899 11,389 Plus (Less): Depreciation and amortization (465) (463) (1,395) (1,411) Refining planned turnaround costs (290) (153) (1,121) (902) Selling, general and administrative expenses 651 658 1,950 1,846 Income from equity method investments (43) (24) (85) (5) Net (gain) loss on disposal of assets 1 (1) 1 (4) Other income (16) (313) (309) (605) Refining Marketing gross margin 891 4,077 3,940 10,308 Plus (Less): Operating expenses (excluding depreciation and amortization) 2,809 2,608 8,590 8,101 Depreciation and amortization 465 463 1,395 1,411 Gross margin excluded from and other income included in Refining Marketing margin (a) 
 (143) 51 (322) 79 Other taxes included in Refining Marketing margin (73) (77) (205) (217) Refining Marketing margin 3,949 7,122 13,398 19,682 
 (a) Reflects the gross margin, excluding depreciation and amortization, of other related operations included in the Refining Marketing segment and processing of credit card transactions on behalf of certain of our marketing customers, net of other income. 
 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 Cash Flows 
 Our consolidated cash and cash equivalents balance was approximately 4.0 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 5.44 billion at December 31, 2023. Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities, investing activities and financing activities are presented in the following table. Nine Months Ended September 30, (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by (used in): Operating activities 6,458 12,994 Investing activities 1,227 (2,131) Financing activities (9,127) (11,038) Total decrease in cash (1,442) (175) 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Operating Activities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities decreased 6.54 billion in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023. The change in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily due to a decrease in operating results and an unfavorable change in working capital of 1.92 billion, when comparing the change in working capital in both periods. 
 For the first nine months of 2024, changes in working capital, excluding changes in short-term debt, were a net 27 million use of cash primarily due to the effects of decreasing energy commodity volumes and prices at the end of the period on working capital. Current receivables decreased primarily due to decreases in crude oil and refined product volumes and prices. Accounts payable decreased primarily due to decreases in crude oil volumes. Inventories increased primarily due to increases in refined product and crude oil inventory volumes. Additionally, working capital was favorably impacted by changes in income tax receivable and unfavorably impacted by changes in current liabilities and other current assets. 
 For the first nine months of 2023, changes in working capital, excluding changes in short-term debt, were a net 1.89 billion source of cash primarily due to the effects of decreasing energy commodity volumes and increasing prices at the end of the period on working capital. Current receivables decreased primarily due to a decrease in crude oil volumes. Additionally, working capital was favorably impacted by changes in income tax receivable. Accounts payable increased primarily due to an increase in crude oil prices, partially offset by a decrease in crude oil volumes. Inventories increased primarily due to increases in refined product and crude oil inventories volumes. 
 Investing Activities 
 Investing activities were a net 1.23 billion source of cash in the first nine months of 2024 compared to a net 2.13 billion use of cash in the first nine months of 2023. 
 In the first nine months of 2024, maturities and sales of short-term investments of 4.38 billion and 2.30 billion, respectively, were partially offset by purchases of short-term investments of 2.95 billion for a net source of cash of 3.73 billion. In the first nine months of 2023, purchases of short-term investments of 7.14 billion were partially offset by maturities and sales of short-term investments of 3.90 billion and 1.87 billion, respectively, for a net use of cash of 1.36 billion. 
 Additions to property, plant and equipment increased 365 million. See the Capital Requirements section for additional information on our capital investment plan. 
 Cash used for acquisitions of 622 million in the first nine months of 2024 was due to an acquisition in our Midstream segment. 
 Cash used in net investments was 309 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared to 92 million for the first nine months of 2023. In 2024, investments primarily included a return of capital of 134 million related to the Whistler Joint Venture Transaction more than offset by Midstream equity method investments, including a 92 million contribution made in March 2024 for the repayment of MPLX s share of the Dakota Access joint venture s debt due in 2024. In 2023, investments primarily included the Martinez Renewables joint venture and the acquisition of a 49.9 percent equity interest in LF Bioenergy for approximately 56 million. 
 Cash provided by all other, net, decreased 501 million primarily due to lower income on RINs sales. 
 The consolidated statements of cash flows exclude changes to the consolidated balance sheets that did not affect cash. A reconciliation of additions to property, plant and equipment per the consolidated statements of cash flows to reported total capital expenditures and investments follows. Nine Months Ended September 30, (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 Additions to property, plant and equipment per the consolidated statements of cash flows 1,723 1,358 Increase (decrease) in capital accruals (18) 54 Total capital expenditures 1,705 1,412 Investments in equity method investees 450 362 Total capital expenditures and investments 2,155 1,774 
 Financing Activities 
 Financing activities were a net 9.13 billion use of cash in the first nine months of 2024 compared to a net 11.04 billion use of cash in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Long-term debt borrowings and repayments were a net 805 million source of cash in the first nine months of 2024 compared to a net 512 million source of cash in the first nine months of 2023. During the first nine months of 2024, MPLX issued 1.65 billion aggregate principal amount of 5.50 percent senior notes due 2034 (the 2034 Senior Notes and MPC repaid 750 million aggregate principal amount of senior notes that matured in September 2024 and 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 anticipates refinancing the notes. During the first nine months of 2023, MPLX issued 1.6 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes and redeemed 1.0 billion aggregate principal amount of senior notes. 
 Cash used in common stock repurchases, including fees and expenses, totaled 7.82 billion in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 9.07 billion in the first nine months of 2023. See the Capital Requirements section for further discussion of our stock repurchases. 
 Cash used in dividend payments decreased 88 million due to a reduction of shares outstanding resulting from share repurchases, partially offset by an increase in per share dividends. 
 Cash used in distributions to noncontrolling interests increased 62 million primarily due to an increase in MPLX s distribution per common unit. 
 Cash used in repurchases of noncontrolling interests was 226 million in the first nine months of 2024 related to the repurchase of MPLX common units. See Note 4 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for further discussion of MPLX. 
 During the first nine months of 2023, MPLX redeemed all of its outstanding Series B preferred units for 600 million. 
 
 Derivative Instruments 
 See Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk for a discussion of derivative instruments and associated market risk. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 MPC, Excluding MPLX 
 We control MPLX through our ownership of the general partner; however, the creditors of MPLX do not have recourse to MPC s general credit through guarantees or other financial arrangements, except as noted. MPC has effectively guaranteed certain indebtedness of LOOP and LOCAP, in which MPLX holds an interest. Therefore, in the following table, we present the liquidity of MPC, excluding MPLX. MPLX liquidity is discussed in the following section. 
 Our liquidity, excluding MPLX, totaled 7.82 billion at September 30, 2024 consisting of: 
 September 30, 2024 (Millions of dollars) Total Capacity Outstanding Borrowings Outstanding Letters of Credit Available Capacity Bank revolving credit facility 5,000 1 4,999 Trade receivables facility (a) 
 100 100 Total 5,100 1 5,099 Cash and cash equivalents and short-term investments (b) 
 2,717 Total liquidity 7,816 
 (a) The committed borrowing and letter of credit issuance capacity under the trade receivables securitization facility is 100 million. In addition, the facility allows for the issuance of letters of credit in excess of the committed capacity at the discretion of the issuing banks. 
 (b) Excludes cash and cash equivalents of MPLX of 2.43 billion. 
 Because of the alternatives available to us, including internally generated cash flow and access to capital markets and a commercial paper program, we believe that our short-term and long-term liquidity is adequate to fund not only our current operations, but also our near-term and long-term funding requirements, including capital spending programs, the repurchase of shares of our common stock, dividend payments, defined benefit plan contributions, repayment of debt maturities and other amounts that may ultimately be paid in connection with contingencies. 
 We have a commercial paper program that allows us to have a maximum of 2.0 billion in commercial paper outstanding. We do not intend to have outstanding commercial paper borrowings in excess of available capacity under our bank revolving credit facility. At September 30, 2024, we had no borrowings outstanding under the commercial paper program. 
 MPC s bank revolving credit facility and trade receivables facility contain representations and warranties, affirmative and negative covenants and restrictions, including financial covenants, and events of default that we consider usual and customary for agreements of a similar type and nature. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with such covenants and restrictions. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Our intention is to maintain an investment-grade credit profile. As of September 30, 2024, the credit ratings on our senior unsecured debt are as follows. 
 Company Rating Agency Rating MPC Moody s Baa2 (stable outlook) Standard Poor s BBB (stable outlook) Fitch BBB (stable outlook) 
 The ratings reflect the respective views of the rating agencies and should not be interpreted as a recommendation to buy, sell or hold our securities. Although it is our intention to maintain a credit profile that supports an investment grade rating, there is no assurance that these ratings will continue for any given period of time. The ratings may be revised or withdrawn entirely by the rating agencies if, in their respective judgments, circumstances so warrant. A rating from one rating agency should be evaluated independently of ratings from other rating agencies. 
 The agreements governing MPC s debt obligations do not contain credit rating triggers that would result in the acceleration of interest, principal or other payments in the event that our credit ratings are downgraded. However, any downgrades of our senior unsecured debt could increase the applicable interest rates, yields and other fees payable under such agreements and may limit our flexibility to obtain financing in the future, including to refinance existing indebtedness. In addition, a downgrade of our senior unsecured debt rating to below investment-grade levels could, under certain circumstances, impact our ability to purchase crude oil on an unsecured basis and could result in us having to post letters of credit under existing transportation services or other agreements. 
 See Note 17 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our debt. 
 MPLX 
 MPLX s liquidity totaled 5.93 billion at September 30, 2024 consisting of: 
 September 30, 2024 (Millions of dollars) Total Capacity Outstanding Borrowings Outstanding Letters of Credit Available Capacity MPLX LP - bank revolving credit facility 2,000 2,000 MPC intercompany loan agreement 1,500 1,500 Total 3,500 3,500 Cash and cash equivalents 2,426 Total liquidity 5,926 
 On May 20, 2024, MPLX issued 1.65 billion aggregate principal amount of 2034 Senior Notes in an underwritten public offering. MPLX intends to use the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2034 Senior Notes to repay, redeem or otherwise retire some or all of (i) MPLX's outstanding 1,149 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875 percent senior notes due December 2024, (ii) MarkWest's outstanding 1 million aggregate principal amount of 4.875 percent senior notes due December 2024 and (iii) MPLX's outstanding 500 million aggregate principal amount of 4.000 percent senior notes due February 2025, and in the interim may use such net proceeds for general partnership purposes. 
 MPLX s bank revolving credit facility contains certain representations and warranties, affirmative and restrictive covenants and events of default that we consider to be usual and customary for an agreement of this type. As of September 30, 2024, MPLX was in compliance with such covenants. 
 Our intention is to maintain an investment-grade credit profile for MPLX. As of September 30, 2024, the credit ratings on MPLX s senior unsecured debt are as follows. 
 Company Rating Agency Rating MPLX Moody s Baa2 (stable outlook) Standard Poor s BBB (stable outlook) Fitch BBB (stable outlook) 
 The ratings reflect the respective views of the rating agencies and should not be interpreted as a recommendation to buy, sell or hold MPLX securities. Although it is our intention to maintain a credit profile that supports an investment grade rating for MPLX, there is no assurance that these ratings will continue for any given period of time. The ratings may be revised or withdrawn 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 entirely by the rating agencies if, in their respective judgments, circumstances so warrant. A rating from one rating agency should be evaluated independently of ratings from other rating agencies. 
 The agreements governing MPLX s debt obligations do not contain credit rating triggers that would result in the acceleration of interest, principal or other payments in the event that MPLX credit ratings are downgraded. However, any downgrades of MPLX senior unsecured debt to below investment-grade ratings could increase the applicable interest rates, yields and other fees payable under such agreements. In addition, a downgrade of MPLX senior unsecured debt ratings to below investment-grade levels may limit MPLX s ability to obtain future financing, including to refinance existing indebtedness. 
 See Note 17 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for further discussion of MPLX s debt. 
 
 Capital Requirements 
 Capital Investment Plan 
 MPC's capital investment plan for 2024 totals approximately 1.25 billion for capital projects and investments, excluding capitalized interest, potential acquisitions, if any, and MPLX s capital investment plan. MPC s capital investment plan includes all of the planned capital spending for Refining Marketing and Corporate, as well as a portion of the planned capital investments for Midstream. The remainder of the planned capital spending for Midstream reflects the capital investment plan for MPLX, which totals 1.1 billion, excluding reimbursable capital and 92 million for the repayment of MPLX s share of the Dakota Access joint venture s debt due in 2024. We continuously evaluate our capital investment plan and make changes as conditions warrant. 
 Capital expenditures and investments for MPC and MPLX are summarized below. Nine Months Ended September 30, (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 Capital expenditures and investments: (a) 
 MPC, excluding MPLX Refining Marketing 967 919 Midstream - Other 4 1 Corporate and Other (b) 
 25 64 Total MPC, excluding MPLX 996 984 Midstream - MPLX (c) 
 1,121 747 
 (a) Capital expenditures include changes in capital accruals. 
 (b) Excludes capitalized interest of 38 million and 43 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (c) Includes a 92 million equity method investment contribution made in March 2024 for the repayment of MPLX s share of the Dakota Access joint venture s debt due in 2024, reimbursable capital of 95 million and 228 million related to acquisitions of additional interests in BANGL, LLC and Wink to Webster Pipeline LLC. 
 Capital expenditures and investments in affiliates during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were primarily for Refining Marketing and Midstream projects. Major Refining Marketing projects include advancing improvements focused on integrating and modernizing utility systems and increasing energy efficiency, with the added benefit of addressing upcoming regulation mandating further reductions in emissions at our Los Angeles refinery, a multi-year project to upgrade high sulfur distillate to ULSD and maximize distillate volume expansion at our Galveston Bay refinery, other shorter-term projects that will enhance the yields of our refineries, improve energy efficiency, and lower our costs as well as investments in our branded marketing footprint. 
 Major Midstream projects include gas processing plants in the Marcellus and Permian basins and gathering projects in the Marcellus, Utica and Permian basins. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Share Repurchases 
 On November 5, 2024, we announced that our board of directors approved a 5.0 billion share repurchase authorization that is in addition to the 5.0 billion share repurchase authorization announced on April 30, 2024. The share repurchase authorizations have no expiration date. 
 Total share repurchases were as follows for the respective periods: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Number of shares repurchased 16 20 44 71 Cash paid for shares repurchased 2,701 2,819 7,815 9,067 Average cost per share (a) 
 170.99 139.84 175.20 127.09 
 (a) The average cost per share includes excise tax on share repurchases resulting from the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, but the excise tax does not reduce the remaining share repurchase authorization . 
 From January 1, 2012 through September 30, 2024, our board of directors had approved 55.05 billion in total share repurchase authorizations and we repurchased a total of 51.01 billion of our common stock. As of September 30, 2024, MPC had approximately 4.04 billion remaining under its share repurchase authorizations. 
 We may utilize various methods to effect the repurchases, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, accelerated share repurchases, tender offers or open market solicitations for shares, some of which may be effected through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The timing and amount of future repurchases, if any, will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, and such repurchases may be suspended, discontinued or restarted at any time. 
 See Notes 8 and 24 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our share repurchase authorizations. 
 MPLX Unit Repurchases 
 Total unit repurchases were as follows for the respective periods: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (In millions, except per unit data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Number of common units repurchased 2 6 Cash paid for common units repurchased 76 226 Average cost per unit 42.89 41.32 
 As of September 30, 2024, MPLX had approximately 620 million remaining available under its unit repurchase authorization. 
 MPLX may utilize various methods to effect the repurchases, which could include open market repurchases, negotiated block transactions, accelerated unit repurchases, tender offers or open market solicitations for units, some of which may be effected through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The timing and amount of future repurchases, if any, will depend upon several factors, including market and business conditions, and such repurchases may be suspended, discontinued or restarted at any time. 
 Cash Commitments 
 Contractual Obligations 
 As of September 30, 2024, our purchase commitments primarily consist of obligations to purchase and transport crude oil used in our refining operations. During the first nine months of 2024, there were no material changes to our contractual obligations outside the ordinary course of business since December 31, 2023. 
 Our other contractual obligations primarily consist of long-term debt and pension and post-retirement obligations, for which additional information is included in Notes 17 and 22, respectively, to the unaudited consolidated financial statements, and financing and operating leases. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Other Cash Commitments 
 On October 30, 2024, our board of directors declared a dividend of 0.91 per share on common stock. The dividend is payable December 10, 2024, to shareholders of record as of the close of business on November 20, 2024. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we made contributions of 92 million to our funded pension plans. We have satisfied our 2024 minimum funding requirements, however, we may make additional voluntary contributions at our discretion depending on the anticipated funding status and plan asset performance. 
 We may, from time to time, repurchase our senior notes in the open market, in tender offers, in privately-negotiated transactions or otherwise in such volumes, at such prices and upon such other terms as we deem appropriate. 
 
 ENVIRONMENTAL MATTERS AND COMPLIANCE COSTS 
 We have incurred and may continue to incur substantial capital, operating and maintenance, and remediation expenditures as a result of environmental laws and regulations. If these expenditures, as with all costs, are not ultimately reflected in the prices of our products and services, our operating results will be adversely affected. We believe that substantially all of our competitors must comply with similar environmental laws and regulations. However, the specific impact on each competitor may vary depending on a number of factors, including the age and location of its operating facilities, marketing areas, production processes and whether it is also engaged in the petrochemical business or the marine transportation of crude oil and refined products. 
 As previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, actual expenditures may vary as the number and scope of environmental projects are revised as a result of improved technology or changes in regulatory requirements. 
 There have been no additional significant changes to our environmental matters and compliance costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 As of September 30, 2024, there have been no significant changes to our critical accounting estimates since our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ACCOUNTING STANDARDS NOT YET ADOPTED 
 As discussed in Note 2 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements, certain new financial accounting pronouncements will be effective for our financial statements in the future. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 For a detailed discussion of our risk management strategies and our derivative instruments, see Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 See Notes 15 and 16 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for more information about the fair value measurement of our derivatives, as well as the amounts recorded in our consolidated balance sheets and statements of income. We do not designate any of our commodity derivative instruments as hedges for accounting purposes. 
 The following table includes the composition of net losses on our commodity derivative positions as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Nine Months Ended September 30, (Millions of dollars) 2024 2023 Realized loss on settled derivative positions (88) (24) Unrealized gain (loss) on open net derivative positions 6 (33) Net loss (82) (57) 
 See Note 16 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information on our open derivative positions at September 30, 2024. 
 Sensitivity analysis of the effects on income from operations IFO of hypothetical 10 percent and 25 percent increases and decreases in commodity prices for open commodity derivative instruments as of September 30, 2024 is provided in the following table. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Change in IFO from a Hypothetical Price Increase of Change in IFO from a Hypothetical Price Decrease of (Millions of dollars) 10 25 10 25 As of September 30, 2024 Crude (37) (92) 37 92 Refined products Blending products (21) (53) 21 53 Soybean oil (4) (9) 4 9 
 We remain at risk for possible changes in the market value of commodity derivative instruments; however, such risk should be mitigated by price changes in the underlying physical commodity. Effects of these offsets are not reflected in the above sensitivity analysis. 
 We evaluate our portfolio of commodity derivative instruments on an ongoing basis and add or revise strategies in anticipation of changes in market conditions and in risk profiles. Changes to the portfolio after September 30, 2024 would cause future IFO effects to differ from those presented above. 
 Sensitivity analysis of the effect of a hypothetical 100-basis-point change in interest rates on long-term debt, including the portion classified as current and excluding finance leases, as of September 30, 2024 is provided in the following table. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents, receivables, accounts payable and accrued interest approximate carrying value and, in addition to short-term investments which are recorded at fair value, are relatively insensitive to changes in interest rates due to the short-term maturity of the instruments. Accordingly, these instruments are excluded from the table. 
 (Millions of dollars) Fair Value as of September 30, 2024 (a) 
 Change in Fair Value (b) 
 Change in Net Income for the Nine Months Ended 
 September 30, 2024 (c) 
 Long-term debt Fixed-rate 27,108 
 2,090 n/a Variable-rate 
 (a) Fair value was based on market prices, where available, or current borrowing rates for financings with similar terms and maturities. 
 (b) Assumes a 100-basis-point decrease in the weighted average yield-to-maturity at September 30, 2024. 
 (c) Assumes a 100-basis-point change in interest rates. The change to net income was based on the weighted average balance of debt outstanding for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 At September 30, 2024, our long-term debt was composed of fixed-rate instruments. The fair value of our fixed-rate debt is relatively sensitive to interest rate fluctuations. Our sensitivity to interest rate declines and corresponding increases in the fair value of our debt unfavorably affects our results of operations and cash flows only when we elect to repurchase or otherwise retire fixed-rate debt at prices above carrying value. Interest rate fluctuations generally do not impact the fair value of our variable-rate debt, but may affect our results of operations and cash flows. 
 See Note 15 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for additional information on the fair value of our debt. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 An evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), was carried out under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer. Based upon that evaluation, the chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that the design and operation of these disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024, the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, there were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 We are the subject of, or a party to, a number of pending or threatened legal actions, contingencies and commitments involving a variety of matters, including laws and regulations relating to the environment. While it is possible that an adverse result in one or more of the lawsuits or proceedings in which we are a defendant could be material to us, based upon current information and our experience as a defendant in other matters, we believe that these lawsuits and proceedings, individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 Item 103 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC requires disclosure of certain environmental matters when a governmental authority is a party to the proceedings and such proceedings involve potential monetary sanctions, unless we reasonably believe that the matter will result in no monetary sanctions, or in monetary sanctions, exclusive of interest and costs, of less than a specified threshold of 1 million for this purpose. 
 Except as described below, there have been no material changes to the legal matters previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, or in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024 or for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 
 As previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, on October 20, 2023, Tesoro Refining Marketing Company LLC, an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of MPC, received an offer to settle 59 Notices of Violation NOVs received from the Bay Area Air Quality Management District BAAQMD ). The NOVs were issued for alleged violations of air quality regulations at our Martinez refinery between June 2018 and May 2022. Effective October 1, 2024, MPC entered into a settlement agreement with BAAQMD pursuant to which MPC paid a cash penalty of 5 million to resolve this matter. 
 
 On August 30, 2012, MPC entered into a consent decree with the EPA regarding the operation of flares at six of our refineries. The consent decree was modified on September 15, 2016. On December 20, 2023, MPC formally submitted a request to the EPA to terminate the consent decree. The EPA may seek payment of stipulated penalties for violations of the consent decree as a condition of termination. Based on negotiations with the EPA in the third quarter of 2024, we believe resolution of the stipulated penalty demands may result in the payment of 1 million or more, but do not believe any stipulated penalties will have a material impact on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 The following table sets forth a summary of our purchases during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of equity securities that are registered by MPC pursuant to Section 12 of the Exchange Act. Millions of Dollars Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share (a) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (b)(c) 
 7/1/2024-7/31/2024 5,649,963 166.88 5,649,963 5,800 8/1/2024-8/31/2024 5,803,288 174.75 5,803,288 4,785 9/1/2024-9/30/2024 4,500,047 165.32 4,500,047 4,041 Total 15,953,298 169.30 15,953,298 
 (a) Amounts in this column reflect the weighted average price paid for shares repurchased under our share repurchase authorizations. The weighted average price includes any commissions paid to brokers during the relevant period. 
 (b) On October 25, 2023, we announced that our board of directors had approved a 5.0 billion share repurchase authorization, which was exhausted during the third quarter of 2024. On April 30, 2024, we announced that our board of directors had approved a 5.0 billion share repurchase auth orization. On November 5, 2024, we announced that our board of directors had approved an additional 5.0 billion share repurchase authorization, which authorization is not reflected in this column. T hese share repurchase authorizatio ns have no expiration date. 
 (c) The maximum dollar value remaining has been reduced by the amount of any commissions paid to brokers during the relevant period. 
 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Item 5. Other Information 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) promulgated under the Exchange Act) of MPC or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 

50 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits Incorporated by Reference Filed Herewith Furnished Herewith Exhibit 
 Number 
 Exhibit Description Form Exhibit Filing Date SEC File No. 3.1 Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Marathon Petroleum Corporation, dated April 24, 2024 
 8-K 3.2 4/26/2024 001-35054 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Marathon Petroleum Corporation, dated October 27, 2021 
 10-Q 3.2 11/2/2021 001-35054 10.1 Amended and Restated Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2024, by and between Marathon Petroleum Company LP and Michael J. Hennigan 
 X 10.2 Aircraft Time Sharing Agreement, dated as of August 14, 2024, by and between Marathon Petroleum Company LP and Maryann T. Mannen 
 X 10.3 Marathon Petroleum Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, as amended and restated October 1, 2024 
 X 10.4 MPLX LP 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan MPC Non-Employee Director Phantom Unit Award Policy, as amended and restated October 1, 2024 
 X 10.5 Sixth Amendment to the Marathon Petroleum Thrift Plan 
 X 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14 and 15d-14 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 X 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded with the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. X 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan, contract or arrangement in which one or more directors or executive officers of the Registrant may be participants. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: November 5, 2024 MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION By: /s/ Erin M. Brzezinski Erin M. Brzezinski Vice President and Controller 
 
 52 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 mpc-20240930xex101.htm
 EX-10.1

Document 

Exhibit 10.1 
 AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 AIRCRAFT TIME SHARING AGREEMENT 
 
 This AMENDED AND RESTATED AIRCRAFT TIME SHARING AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into this 14th day of August 2024, by and between MARATHON PETROLEUM COMPANY LP , a Delaware limited partnership (the Company ), and MICHAEL J. HENNIGAN , an individual (the Executive ), and shall be effective commencing on August 14, 2024 (the Effective Date ). 
 
 W I T N E S E T H 
 
 WHEREAS , the Executive and the Company entered into that certain AIRCRAFT TIME SHARING AGREEMENT on December 29, 2020 (the Original Agreement 
 WHEREAS , the Original Agreement terminated concurrent with the Executive s departure from the role of the Chief Executive Officer of MPC Investment LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the general partner of the Company (the General Partner ), which such departure occurred on August 1, 2024 
 WHEREAS , effective August 1, 2024, the Executive was appointed Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Marathon Petroleum Corporation 
 WHEREAS , the Company leases certain aircraft identified on Exhibit A (individually and collectively as the context requires, the Aircraft and operates the Aircraft for business use in accordance with the FAR (as hereinafter defined) and the Company s policies regarding use of the Aircraft 
 WHEREAS , in order to provide for the safety and security of the Executive in his capacity as the Executive Chairman of the Board of Directors of Marathon Petroleum Corporation and to maximize the Executive s ability to carry out his responsibilities, the Company has determined it is appropriate for the Company to make the Aircraft available to the Executive for personal use, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement 
 WHEREAS , the Executive desires to have the Company operate the Aircraft for him from time to time on a non-exclusive time sharing basis in accordance with the provisions of Sections 91.501(b)(6), 91.501(c)(1) and 91.501(d) of the FAR 
 WHEREAS , the Company is willing to provide the Aircraft to the Executive from time to time, on a non- exclusive time sharing basis and 
 WHEREAS , during the Term (as hereinafter defined) of this Agreement, the Aircraft will be subject to use by or at the direction of the Company. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual promises herein contained and other good and valid consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows 
 
 1. Definitions . The following terms shall have the following meanings for all purposes of this Agreement 
 
 Applicable Law means, without limitation, all applicable laws, treaties, international agreements, decisions and orders of any court, arbitration or governmental agency or authority and rules, regulations, orders, directives, licenses and permits of any governmental body, instrumentality, agency or authority, including, without limitation, the FAR and 49 U.S.C. 41101, et seq., as amended. 
 FAA means the Federal Aviation Administration or any successor agency. 
 FAR means collectively the Federal Aviation Regulations issued by the FAA, as codified at Title 14, Parts 1 to 199 of the United States Code of Federal Regulations, as from time to time amended. Operational Control has the same meaning given the term in Section 1.1 of the FAR. 
 Pilot in Command has the same meaning given the term in Section 1.1 of the FAR. 
 Taxes means all taxes, charges and fees, including federal air transportation excise taxes pursuant to Section 4261 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and international departure arrival fees, as applicable, that are required to be collected from passengers and remitted by an aircraft operator regardless of whether any flight is considered noncommercial under the FAR. 

Term means the entire period from the Effective Date to the date this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 3 (Term). 
 
 2. Provision of the Aircraft . 
 
 2.1 Time Sharing . The Company agrees to allow the Executive to use the Aircraft for personal travel from time to time on an as needed and as available time sharing basis in accordance with Company policy and the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 
 2.2 Automatic Removal of Aircraft . In the event that the Company returns, transfers or otherwise disposes of any individual Aircraft listed on Exhibit A , such Aircraft shall be deemed immediately removed from the applicability of this Agreement immediately upon the occurrence of such event regardless of whether such Aircraft is specifically removed from Exhibit A and this Agreement shall be terminated as to such Aircraft but shall remain in full force and effect with respect to each of the other Aircraft identified thereon, if any. No such termination shall affect any of the rights and obligations of the parties accrued or incurred prior to such termination. If Company becomes the owner and or operator of any aircraft not listed on Exhibit A , Exhibit A shall be modified to include such aircraft as an Aircraft covered by this Agreement, and thereafter this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect with respect to such Aircraft and each of the other Aircraft identified thereon, if any. 
 
 2.3 No Liability . The Company shall not be liable to the Executive or any other person for loss, injury, or damage occasioned by the delay or failure to furnish the Aircraft and crew pursuant to this Agreement for any reason. 
 
 3. Term . 
 
 3.1 Term . This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated pursuant to Section 3.2 (Termination) of this Agreement. 
 
 3.2 Termination . 
 3.2.1 Each party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time with or without cause on ten (10) days written notice to the other party provided, however , that this Agreement may be terminated by the Company on such shorter notice as may be required for the Company to comply with Applicable Law, regulations, the requirements of any financial institution with a security or other interest in the Aircraft, insurance requirements, or in the event the insurance required hereunder is not in full force and effect. 
 3.2.2 In the event that the Executive is no longer employed by the Company or any of its affiliates, the Agreement shall terminate concurrent with the Executive s departure from such employment. 
 3.2.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, any provisions directly or indirectly related to the Executive's payment obligations for flights completed prior to the date of termination and the limitation of liability provisions in Section 20 (Limitation of Liability) shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 
 4. Applicable Regulations . The parties intend this Agreement to constitute, and this Agreement shall be interpreted as, a Time Sharing Agreement as defined in Section 91.501(c)(1) and authorized by Section 91.501(b)(6) of the FAR. The parties agree that the Aircraft shall be operated by the Company under the pertinent provisions of Part 91 of the FAR for all flights under this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be inconsistent with any of the requirements of Part 91 of the FAR, this Agreement shall be deemed amended in any respect necessary to bring it into compliance with such requirements. 
 
 5. Charges . For any flight conducted under this Agreement (including any deadhead flights required for repositioning), the Executive shall pay the Company an amount determined by the Company, not to exceed the 
 2 

expenses of operating such flight that may be charged pursuant to Section 91.501(d) of the FAR, which expenses are limited to 
 
 5.1 fuel, oil, lubricants, and other additives 
 5.2 travel expenses of the crew, including food, lodging, and ground transportation 
 5.3 hangar and tie-down costs away from the Base (as defined in Section 9 (Aircraft Maintenance and Base of Operations) of this Agreement) of the Aircraft being used on the relevant flight 
 5.4 insurance obtained for the specific flight 
 5.5 landing fees, airport taxes, and similar assessments 
 5.6 customs, foreign permit, and similar fees directly related to the flight 
 5.7 in flight food and beverages 
 5.8 passenger ground transportation 
 5.9 flight planning and weather contract services and 
 5.10 an additional charge equal to 100 of the expenses listed in Section 5.1 of this Agreement. 
 
 6. Invoices and Payment . For flights operated under this Agreement for which the Company seeks reimbursement, the Company shall provide an invoice or invoices to the Executive for certain or all of the charges listed in Section 5 (Charges) of this Agreement as soon as administratively practicable (and in any event within ninety (90) days) after the end of the calendar quarter in which the flight took place. For the avoidance of doubt, so long as invoice(s) are provided within ninety (90) days after the end of the calendar quarter in which any flight takes place, a single invoice may reflect the aggregation of charges associated with multiple flights and multiple invoices may reflect separate charges associated with a single flight. In the event some charges are invoiced based on estimates, as such charges are not accurately or definitively known in their entirety at the time of invoicing (such estimates to be reconciled against the actual costs when known), or a determination is made by the Company after the end of the calendar year to seek additional reimbursements from the Executive for amounts permitted under FAR Section 91.501(d) that were not previously invoiced or paid, the Company can, as soon as administratively practicable (and in any event within ninety (90) days) after the end of the calendar year in which the flights took place, invoice the Executive for a portion or all of the charges incurred during the calendar year but not yet invoiced. The Executive shall remit the full amount of any such invoice(s), together with any applicable Taxes under Section 7 (Taxes), to the Company within thirty (30) days after receipt of the invoice. 
 
 In the event any payment received by the Company for the transportation provided by the Company hereunder, exceeds the amount the Company is authorized to receive under FAR Part 91, such excess amount shall be held on behalf of the Executive to be applied to future flights under this Agreement or to be refunded upon termination of this Agreement less any outstanding amounts due the Company for flights performed prior to such termination. 
 
 7. Taxes . The Executive shall be responsible for all Taxes which may be assessed or levied as a result of the Executive's use of the Aircraft under this time sharing arrangement including the provision of a taxable transportation service to the Executive using the Aircraft. The Executive shall remit to the Company all such Taxes together with each payment made pursuant to Section 6 (Invoices and Payment). 
 
 8. Scheduling Flights . 
 
 8.1 Flight Requests . The Executive shall submit requests for flight time and proposed flight schedules to the Company as far in advance of any given flight as practical. The Executive shall provide at least the following information for each proposed flight prior to the scheduled departure 
 (a) departure airport 
 (b) destination airport 
 3 

(c) date and time of flight 
 (d) the names and the relationship of all anticipated passengers to the Executive 
 (e) purpose of the flight for each passenger 
 (f) the nature and extent of luggage and or cargo to be carried and 
 (g) any other information concerning the proposed flight that may be pertinent or required by the Company, the flight crew or governmental authorities. 
 
 8.2 Approval of Flight Requests . The Company may approve or deny any flight scheduling request in its sole discretion. The Company shall be under no obligation to approve any flight request submitted by the Executive and shall have final authority over the scheduling of all Aircraft. The Company shall have no liability to the Executive or his invitee(s) or guest(s) if the Aircraft is or becomes unavailable, if the Company's approval is withdrawn or if the Aircraft is recalled from the Executive's flight due to a conflicting Company requirement. This Section 8.2 shall survive termination of this Agreement. 
 
 8.3 Subordinated Use of Aircraft . The Executive s rights to schedule use of the Aircraft during the Term of this Agreement shall at all times be subordinate to the Aircraft use requirements of the Company. The Company shall at all times be entitled to preempt any scheduled, unscheduled, or anticipated use of any Aircraft by the Executive, notwithstanding any prior approval by the Company. 
 
 9. Aircraft Maintenance and Base of Operations . The Company shall be solely responsible for maintenance, preventive maintenance and required or otherwise necessary inspections of each Aircraft, and shall take such requirements into account in scheduling the Aircraft. No period of maintenance, preventative maintenance, or inspection shall be delayed or postponed for the purpose of scheduling the Aircraft, unless such maintenance or inspection can be safely conducted at a later time in compliance with all Applicable Laws and regulations as determined by the director of maintenance (or similar title) or a supervisory aircraft maintenance technician (or, in each case, his her designee) and within the sound discretion of the Pilot in Command. For purposes of this Agreement, the base of operations Base of the Aircraft shall be as set forth in Exhibit A provided, however, that Base may be changed upon notice from the Company to the Executive. 
 
 10. Flight Crews . The Company shall provide a qualified flight crew for each flight conducted under this Agreement. The members of any such flight crew may be either employees or independent contractors of the Company. In either event, any flight crew shall be and remain under the exclusive command and control of the Company in all phases of all flights conducted under this Agreement. 
 
 11. Operational Control . THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THE COMPANY SHALL HAVE AND MAINTAIN OPERATIONAL CONTROL (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 1.1 OF THE FAR) OF ALL AIRCRAFT FOR ALL FLIGHTS OPERATED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. The Company shall exercise 
 exclusive authority over initiating, conducting, or terminating any flight conducted on behalf of the Executive pursuant to this Agreement. 
 
 12. Authority of Pilot In Command . Notwithstanding that the Company shall have Operational Control of the Aircraft during any flight conducted pursuant to this Agreement, the Company and the Executive expressly agree that the Pilot in Command, shall have absolute discretion in all matters concerning the preparation of the Aircraft for flight and any flight itself and may terminate any flight, refuse to commence any flight, or take any other flight- related action (including, without limitation, the route to be flown, the place where landings shall be made, and all other matters relating to operation of the Aircraft) which in the judgment of the Pilot in Command is necessary to ensure the safety and security of the Aircraft, the flight crew, the passengers, and persons and property on the ground. The Pilot in Command shall have final and complete authority to postpone or cancel any flight for any reason or condition that in his or her judgment could compromise the safety or security of the flight and to take any other action that in the sole judgment of the Pilot in Command is necessitated by considerations 
 4 

of safety. No such action of the Pilot in Command shall create or support any liability of the Company to the Executive, his invitees and guests for loss, injury, damage or delay related to such decisions or the results of such decisions. 
 
 13. Insurance . 
 
 13.1 Liability . In connection with any use of the Aircraft, for the benefit of the Company and the Executive, the Company shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, bodily injury and property damage, liability insurance in an amount customary in the industry for similar aircraft and operations. Such policy shall be an occurrence policy naming the Company as Named Insured, and the Executive as an Additional Insured. 
 
 13.2 Hull . The Company shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, all risks aircraft hull insurance for each Aircraft in amounts determined from time to time by agreement of Company and the provider of the insurance. 
 
 13.3 Additional Insurance . The Company shall use reasonable efforts to provide such additional insurance coverage as the Executive may request or require. The Executive acknowledges that any trips scheduled to areas not currently covered by existing policies may require the Company to purchase additional insurance to comply with applicable regulations, and the Company shall be required to maintain or cause to be maintained such additional insurance. In each case, the cost of any such additional insurance shall be borne by the Executive as set forth in Section 5.4 of this Agreement. 
 
 13.4 Insurance Certificates . The Company will provide a copy of its Certificate of Insurance to the Executive from time to time as requested by the Executive. 
 
 14. Representations and Warranties . The Executive represents and warrants that 
 
 14.1 The Executive will use the Aircraft solely for his own use and the use of his family and guests, and the Executive will not use any Aircraft for the purpose of providing transportation of passengers or cargo for compensation or hire. 
 
 14.2 The Executive shall not incur any mechanic s or other liens on the Aircraft nor do anything or take any action that might mature into such a lien. The Executive shall not attempt to convey, mortgage, assign, lease, sublease, or in any way alienate any Aircraft or the Company s rights hereunder. 
 
 14.3 During the Term of this Agreement, the Executive will (and will cause his invitee(s) and guest(s) to) abide by and conform to all Applicable Laws, governmental and airport orders, rules and regulations, as shall from time to time be in effect relating in any way to the operation and use of any Aircraft under a time sharing agreement. 
 
 15. No Assignments . Neither this Agreement nor any party s interest herein shall be assignable to any other party whatsoever. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and their respective heirs, representatives and successors. 
 
 16. Administration and Amendment Modification Further Acts . This Agreement may not be modified, altered, or amended except by written agreement executed by both parties provided, however, that the Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Company may amend Exhibit A to add or remove Aircraft without his consent or written agreement. The Company and the Executive shall from time to time perform such other and further acts and execute such other and further instruments as may be required by law or may be reasonably 
 5 

necessary (i) to carry out the intent and purpose of this Agreement, and (ii) to establish, maintain and protect the respective rights and remedies of each party. 
 
 17. Headings . The section headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not modify, define, expand, or limit any of the terms or provisions hereof. 
 
 18. Notices . All notices and communications required or permitted by this Agreement (except for notices made purely for flight scheduling, which are governed by the provisions of Section 8 (Scheduling Flights) of this Agreement) shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered personally or transmitted electronically by e-mail or facsimile, receipt acknowledged, or in the case of documented overnight delivery service or registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, delivery charge or postage prepaid, on the date shown on the receipt therefor, in each case at the address set forth below 
 
 If to the Company 
 Marathon Petroleum Company LP 
 539 South Main Street 
 Findlay, Ohio 45840 
 Attention Molly R. Benson, Chief Legal Officer 
 E-Mail mrbenson marathonpetroleum.com 

If to the Executive at his home address listed in the records of the Company. 
 
 19. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to its choice of law principles. 
 
 20. Limitation of Liability . THE COMPANY (IN ITS OWN RIGHT AND ON BEHALF OF ITS AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS) HEREBY DISCLAIMS, AND THE EXECUTIVE (IN HIS OWN RIGHT AND ON BEHALF OF HIS INVITEES AND GUESTS) HEREBY WAIVES, ANY LIABILITY, DUTY FOR INDEMNIFICATION OR CONTRIBUTION TO EXECUTIVE OR EXECUTIVE S GUESTS FOR ANY CLAIMED LIABILITIES, LOSSES, OR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY AND OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES OR FOR ANY REASON RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR OPERATION OF THE AIRCRAFT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ANY DELAY OR FAILURE TO FURNISH THE AIRCRAFT OR CAUSED OR OCCASIONED BY THE PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE OF ANY SERVICES COVERED BY THIS AGREEMENT) (ALTOGETHER, THE LOSSES ), REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LOSSES ARISE OUT OF OR ARE CAUSED BY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, COMPANY S NEGLIGENCE, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, OR STRICT LIABILITY OR WHETHER COMPANY KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES. 
 
 21. Sole Recourse . The Executive agrees that the Aircraft liability insurance carried by, or on behalf of, the Company shall provide the Executive s sole recourse for all claims, losses, liabilities, obligations, demands, suits, judgments or causes of action, penalties, fines, costs and expenses of any nature whatsoever, including attorneys fees and expenses for or on account of or arising out of, or in any way connected with the use of the Aircraft by the Executive or his guests, including, without limitation, injury to or death of any persons, including, without limitation, guests, invitees or other parties which may result from or arise out of the use or operation of the Aircraft. The Executive agrees in his own right and on behalf of his invitees and guests that the proceeds of the insurance required by Section 13 (Insurance) shall provide the sole recourse for all claims, losses, liabilities, 
 6 

obligations, demands, suits, judgments or causes of action, penalties, fines, costs and expenses of any nature whatsoever, including attorneys' fees and expenses for or on account of or arising out of, or in any way connected with the use of the Aircraft by the Executive and his invitees and guests, including property damage, bodily injury to or death of any persons, including the Executive and his invitees and guests which may result from or arise out of the use or operation or maintenance of the Aircraft during the term of this Agreement. 
 
 22. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each and all of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be signed manually or digitally and the counterparts may be delivered in person, by mail, overnight courier, fax, emailed as a pdf, through a digital signature application or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page and such counterpart shall be effective as if it was a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
 23. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each party waives any provision of law that renders any provision hereof prohibited or unenforceable in any respect. 
 
 24. Waivers . The failure or delay on the part of any party hereto to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement by any other party hereto, or to exercise any right, power or remedy under this Agreement, shall not be deemed or construed as a waiver thereof nor shall it be deemed or construed as a general waiver thereof or of any other provision or rights thereunder. 
 
 25. Force Majeure . The Company shall not be liable for delay or failure to furnish the Aircraft and crew pursuant to this Agreement when scheduled when such failure is caused by government regulation or authority, mechanical difficulty or breakdown, war, terrorism, civil commotion, strikes or labor disputes, pandemics or quarantines, weather conditions, acts of God, or other circumstances beyond the Company's reasonable control. 
 
 26. Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties as of the Effective Date and supersedes all prior or independent, oral or written agreements, understandings, statements, representations, commitments, promises, and warranties made with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. 
 
 27. No Third Party Beneficiary . No party, other than the parties expressly named herein, is intended to be a beneficiary of any provision of this Agreement. 
 
 28. Survival . The provisions of Sections 3.2.2, 6, 7, 8.2, 12, 16, 20 and 21 shall survive termination of this Agreement. 
 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank 
 7 

29. Truth In Leasing Statement Under Section 91.23 of the Federal Aviation Regulations . 
 
 WITHIN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH AIRCRAFT HAS BEEN INSPECTED AND MAINTAINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF FAR PART 91. 
 
 THE PARTIES HERETO CERTIFY THAT DURING THE TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT AND FOR OPERATIONS CONDUCTED HEREUNDER, EACH AIRCRAFT WILL BE MAINTAINED AND INSPECTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF FAR PART 91. 
 
 THE COMPANY (WHOSE ADDRESS APPEARS IN SECTION 18 (NOTICES) ABOVE) ACKNOWLEDGES (AND CERTIFIES BY ITS SIGNATURE BELOW) THAT (i) THE AIRCRAFT ARE IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION REQUIREMENTS UNDER PART 91 OF THE FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATIONS, (ii) WHEN IT OPERATES ANY AIRCRAFT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, THE COMPANY SHALL BE KNOWN AS, CONSIDERED, AND IN FACT WILL BE THE OPERATOR OF, AND SHALL HAVE OPERATIONAL CONTROL OF, THE AIRCRAFT. 
 
 EACH PARTY HERETO CERTIFIES THAT IT UNDERSTANDS THE EXTENT OF ITS RESPONSIBILITIES, SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT FOR COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATIONS. 
 
 AN EXPLANATION OF FACTORS BEARING ON OPERATIONAL CONTROL AND THE PERTINENT FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATIONS CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE NEAREST FAA FLIGHT STANDARDS OFFICE. 
 
 THE PARTIES HERETO CERTIFY THAT A TRUE COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CARRIED ON EACH AIRCRAFT AT ALL TIMES, AND SHALL BE MADE AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION UPON REQUEST BY AN APPROPRIATELY CONSTITUTED AND IDENTIFIED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE FAA. 
 
 THE COMPANY, ON BEHALF OF THE EXECUTIVE, SHALL TAKE THE STEPS SET FORTH ON EXHIBIT B TO COMPLY WITH THE TRUTH-IN-LEASING REQUIREMENTS. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this AIRCRAFT TIME SHARING AGREEMENT as of the date and year first written above. 
 
 THE COMPANY THE EXECUTIVE MARATHON PETROLEUM COMPANY LP 
 MICHAEL J. HENNIGAN By MPC Investment LLC, its General Partner 
 By s Molly R. Benson 
 s Michael J. Hennigan Name Molly R. Benson 
 MICHAEL J. HENNIGAN, Individually Title Chief Legal Officer and 
 Corporate Secretary 

Truth-in-Leasing 
 and Signature Page 
 8 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-10.2>
 3
 mpc-20240930xex102.htm
 EX-10.2

Document 

Exhibit 10.2 
 AIRCRAFT TIME SHARING AGREEMENT 
 This AIRCRAFT TIME SHARING AGREEMENT (the Agreement is entered into this 14th day of August 2024, by and between MARATHON PETROLEUM COMPANY LP , a Delaware limited partnership (the Company ), and MARYANN T. MANNEN , an individual (the Executive ), and shall be effective commencing on August 14, 2024 (the Effective Date ). 
 W I T N E S E T H 
 WHEREAS , the Company leases certain aircraft identified on Exhibit A (individually and collectively as the context requires, the Aircraft and operates the Aircraft for business use in accordance with the FAR (as hereinafter defined) and the Company s policies regarding use of the Aircraft 
 WHEREAS , in order to provide for the safety and security of the Executive in her capacity as the Chief Executive Officer of Marathon Petroleum Corporation, the parent corporation of MPC Investment LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the general partner of the Company (the General Partner ), and to maximize the Executive s ability to carry out her responsibilities, the Company has determined it is appropriate for the Company to make the Aircraft available to the Executive for personal use, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement 
 WHEREAS , the Executive desires to have the Company operate the Aircraft for her from time to time on a non-exclusive time sharing basis in accordance with the provisions of Sections 91.501(b)(6), 91.501(c)(1) and 91.501(d) of the FAR 
 WHEREAS , the Company is willing to provide the Aircraft to the Executive from time to time, on a non-exclusive time sharing basis and 
 WHEREAS , during the Term (as hereinafter defined) of this Agreement, the Aircraft will be subject to use by or at the direction of the Company. 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in consideration of the mutual promises herein contained and other good and valid consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows 
 1. Definitions . The following terms shall have the following meanings for all purposes of this Agreement 
 Applicable Law means, without limitation, all applicable laws, treaties, international agreements, decisions and orders of any court, arbitration or governmental agency or authority and rules, regulations, orders, directives, licenses and permits of any governmental body, instrumentality, agency or authority, including, without limitation, the FAR and 49 U.S.C. 41101, et seq., as amended. 
 FAA means the Federal Aviation Administration or any successor agency. 
 FAR means collectively the Federal Aviation Regulations issued by the FAA, as codified at Title 14, Parts 1 to 199 of the United States Code of Federal Regulations, as from time to time amended. 
 Operational Control has the same meaning given the term in Section 1.1 of the FAR. 
 Pilot in Command has the same meaning given the term in Section 1.1 of the FAR. 
 Taxes means all taxes, charges and fees, including federal air transportation excise taxes pursuant to Section 4261 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and international departure arrival fees, as applicable, that are required to be collected from passengers and remitted by an aircraft operator regardless of whether any flight is considered noncommercial under the FAR. 
 Term means the entire period from the Effective Date to the date this Agreement is terminated pursuant to Section 3 (Term). 
 2. Provision of the Aircraft . 
 
 2.1 Time Sharing . The Company agrees to allow the Executive to use the Aircraft for personal travel from 

time to time on an as needed and as available time sharing basis in accordance with Company policy and the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 2.2 Automatic Removal of Aircraft . In the event that the Company returns, transfers or otherwise disposes of any individual Aircraft listed on Exhibit A, such Aircraft shall be deemed immediately removed from the applicability of this Agreement immediately upon the occurrence of such event regardless of whether such Aircraft is specifically removed from Exhibit A and this Agreement shall be terminated as to such Aircraft but shall remain in full force and effect with respect to each of the other Aircraft identified thereon, if any. No such termination shall affect any of the rights and obligations of the parties accrued or incurred prior to such termination. If Company becomes the owner and or operator of any aircraft not listed on Exhibit A, Exhibit A shall be modified to include such aircraft as an Aircraft covered by this Agreement, and thereafter this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect with respect to such Aircraft and each of the other Aircraft identified thereon, if any. 
 2.3 No Liability . The Company shall not be liable to the Executive or any other person for loss, injury, or damage occasioned by the delay or failure to furnish the Aircraft and crew pursuant to this Agreement for any reason. 
 3. Term . 
 3.1 Term . This Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until terminated pursuant to Section 3.2 (Termination) of this Agreement. 
 3.2 Termination . 
 3.2.1 Each party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement at any time with or without cause on ten (10) days written notice to the other party provided, however, that this Agreement may be terminated by the Company on such shorter notice as may be required for the Company to comply with Applicable Law, regulations, the requirements of any financial institution with a security or other interest in the Aircraft, insurance requirements, or in the event the insurance required hereunder is not in full force and effect. 
 3.2.2 In the event that the Executive is no longer employed by the Company or any of its affiliates, the Agreement shall terminate concurrent with the Executive s departure from such employment. 
 3.2.3 Notwithstanding the foregoing, any provisions directly or indirectly related to the Executive's payment obligations for flights completed prior to the date of termination and the limitation of liability provisions in Section 20 (Limitation of Liability) shall survive the termination of this Agreement. 
 4. Applicable Regulations . The parties intend this Agreement to constitute, and this Agreement shall be interpreted as, a Time Sharing Agreement as defined in Section 91.501(c)(1) and authorized by Section 91.501(b)(6) of the FAR. The parties agree that the Aircraft shall be operated by the Company under the pertinent provisions of Part 91 of the FAR for all flights under this Agreement. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be inconsistent with any of the requirements of Part 91 of the FAR, this Agreement shall be deemed amended in any respect necessary to bring it into compliance with such requirements. 
 5. Charges . For any flight conducted under this Agreement (including any deadhead flights required for repositioning), the Executive shall pay the Company an amount determined by the Company, not to exceed the expenses of operating such flight that may be charged pursuant to Section 91.501(d) of the FAR, which expenses are limited to 
 5.1 fuel, oil, lubricants, and other additives 
 5.2 travel expenses of the crew, including food, lodging, and ground transportation 
 2 

5.3 hangar and tie-down costs away from the Base (as defined in Section 9 (Aircraft Maintenance and Base of Operations) of this Agreement) of the Aircraft being used on the relevant flight 
 5.4 insurance obtained for the specific flight 
 5.5 landing fees, airport taxes, and similar assessments 
 5.6 customs, foreign permit, and similar fees directly related to the flight 
 5.7 in flight food and beverages 
 5.8 passenger ground transportation 
 5.9 flight planning and weather contract services and 
 5.10 an additional charge equal to 100 of the expenses listed in Section 5.1 of this Agreement. 
 6. Invoices and Payment . For flights operated under this Agreement for which the Company seeks reimbursement, the Company shall provide an invoice or invoices to the Executive for certain or all of the charges listed in Section 5 (Charges) of this Agreement as soon as administratively practicable (and in any event within ninety (90) days) after the end of the calendar quarter in which the flight took place. For the avoidance of doubt, so long as invoice(s) are provided within ninety (90) days after the end of the calendar quarter in which any flight takes place, a single invoice may reflect the aggregation of charges associated with multiple flights and multiple invoices may reflect separate charges associated with a single flight. In the event some charges are invoiced based on estimates, as such charges are not accurately or definitively known in their entirety at the time of invoicing (such estimates to be reconciled against the actual costs when known), or a determination is made by the Company after the end of the calendar year to seek additional reimbursements from the Executive for amounts permitted under FAR Section 91.501(d) that were not previously invoiced or paid, the Company can, as soon as administratively practicable (and in any event within ninety (90) days) after the end of the calendar year in which the flights took place, invoice the Executive for a portion or all of the charges incurred during the calendar year but not yet invoiced. The Executive shall remit the full amount of any such invoice(s), together with any applicable Taxes under Section 7 (Taxes), to the Company within thirty (30) days after receipt of the invoice. 
 In the event any payment received by the Company for the transportation provided by the Company hereunder, exceeds the amount the Company is authorized to receive under FAR Part 91, such excess amount shall be held on behalf of the Executive to be applied to future flights under this Agreement or to be refunded upon termination of this Agreement less any outstanding amounts due the Company for flights performed prior to such termination. 
 7. Taxes . The Executive shall be responsible for all Taxes which may be assessed or levied as a result of the Executive's use of the Aircraft under this time sharing arrangement including the provision of a taxable transportation service to the Executive using the Aircraft. The Executive shall remit to the Company all such Taxes together with each payment made pursuant to Section 6 (Invoices and Payment). 
 8. Scheduling Flights . 
 8.1 Flight Requests . The Executive shall submit requests for flight time and proposed flight schedules to the Company as far in advance of any given flight as practical. The Executive shall provide at least the following information for each proposed flight prior to the scheduled departure 
 (a) departure airport 
 (b) destination airport 
 (c) date and time of flight 
 (d) the names and the relationship of all anticipated passengers to the Executive 
 (e) purpose of the flight for each passenger 
 (f) the nature and extent of luggage and or cargo to be carried and 
 (g) any other information concerning the proposed flight that may be pertinent or required by the Company, the flight crew or governmental authorities. 
 
 3 

8.2 Approval of Flight Requests . The Company may approve or deny any flight scheduling request in its sole discretion. The Company shall be under no obligation to approve any flight request submitted by the Executive and shall have final authority over the scheduling of all Aircraft. The Company shall have no liability to the Executive or her invitee(s) or guest(s) if the Aircraft is or becomes unavailable, if the Company's approval is withdrawn or if the Aircraft is recalled from the Executive's flight due to a conflicting Company requirement. This Section 8.2 shall survive termination of this Agreement. 
 8.3 Subordinated Use of Aircraft . The Executive s rights to schedule use of the Aircraft during the Term of this Agreement shall at all times be subordinate to the Aircraft use requirements of the Company. The Company shall at all times be entitled to preempt any scheduled, unscheduled, or anticipated use of any Aircraft by the Executive, notwithstanding any prior approval by the Company. 
 9. Aircraft Maintenance and Base of Operations . The Company shall be solely responsible for maintenance, preventive maintenance and required or otherwise necessary inspections of each Aircraft, and shall take such requirements into account in scheduling the Aircraft. No period of maintenance, preventative maintenance, or inspection shall be delayed or postponed for the purpose of scheduling the Aircraft, unless such maintenance or inspection can be safely conducted at a later time in compliance with all Applicable Laws and regulations as determined by the director of maintenance (or similar title) or a supervisory aircraft maintenance technician (or, in each case, his her designee) and within the sound discretion of the Pilot in Command. For purposes of this Agreement, the base of operations Base of the Aircraft shall be as set forth in Exhibit A provided, however, that Base may be changed upon notice from the Company to the Executive. 
 10. Flight Crews . The Company shall provide a qualified flight crew for each flight conducted under this Agreement. The members of any such flight crew may be either employees or independent contractors of the Company. In either event, any flight crew shall be and remain under the exclusive command and control of the Company in all phases of all flights conducted under this Agreement. 
 11. Operational Control . THE PARTIES EXPRESSLY AGREE THAT THE COMPANY SHALL HAVE AND MAINTAIN OPERATIONAL CONTROL (AS DEFINED IN SECTION 1.1 OF THE FAR) OF ALL AIRCRAFT FOR ALL FLIGHTS OPERATED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT. The Company shall exercise exclusive authority over initiating, conducting, or terminating any flight conducted on behalf of the Executive pursuant to this Agreement. 
 12. Authority of Pilot In Command . Notwithstanding that the Company shall have Operational Control of the Aircraft during any flight conducted pursuant to this Agreement, the Company and the Executive expressly agree that the Pilot in Command, shall have absolute discretion in all matters concerning the preparation of the Aircraft for flight and any flight itself and may terminate any flight, refuse to commence any flight, or take any other flight-related action (including, without limitation, the route to be flown, the place where landings shall be made, and all other matters relating to operation of the Aircraft) which in the judgment of the Pilot in Command is necessary to ensure the safety and security of the Aircraft, the flight crew, the passengers, and persons and property on the ground. The Pilot in Command shall have final and complete authority to postpone or cancel any flight for any reason or condition that in his or her judgment could compromise the safety or security of the flight and to take any other action that in the sole judgment of the Pilot in Command is necessitated by considerations of safety. No such action of the Pilot in Command shall create or support any liability of the Company to the Executive, her invitees and guests for loss, injury, damage or delay related to such decisions or the results of such decisions. 
 4 

13. Insurance . 
 13.1 Liability . In connection with any use of the Aircraft, for the benefit of the Company and the Executive, the Company shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, bodily injury and property damage, liability insurance in an amount customary in the industry for similar aircraft and operations. Such policy shall be an occurrence policy naming the Company as Named Insured, and the Executive as an Additional Insured. 
 13.2 Hull . The Company shall maintain, or cause to be maintained, all risks aircraft hull insurance for each Aircraft in amounts determined from time to time by agreement of Company and the provider of the insurance. 
 13.3 Additional Insurance . The Company shall use reasonable efforts to provide such additional insurance coverage as the Executive may request or require. The Executive acknowledges that any trips scheduled to areas not currently covered by existing policies may require the Company to purchase additional insurance to comply with applicable regulations, and the Company shall be required to maintain or cause to be maintained such additional insurance. In each case, the cost of any such additional insurance shall be borne by the Executive as set forth in Section 5.4 of this Agreement. 
 13.4 Insurance Certificates . The Company will provide a copy of its Certificate of Insurance to the Executive from time to time as requested by the Executive. 
 14. Representations and Warranties . The Executive represents and warrants that 
 14.1 The Executive will use the Aircraft solely for her own use and the use of her family and guests, and the Executive will not use any Aircraft for the purpose of providing transportation of passengers or cargo for compensation or hire. 
 14.2 The Executive shall not incur any mechanic s or other liens on the Aircraft nor do anything or take any action that might mature into such a lien. The Executive shall not attempt to convey, mortgage, assign, lease, sublease, or in any way alienate any Aircraft or the Company s rights hereunder. 
 14.3 During the Term of this Agreement, the Executive will (and will cause her invitee(s) and guest(s) to) abide by and conform to all Applicable Laws, governmental and airport orders, rules and regulations, as shall from time to time be in effect relating in any way to the operation and use of any Aircraft under a time sharing agreement. 
 15. No Assignments . Neither this Agreement nor any party s interest herein shall be assignable to any other party whatsoever. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto, and their respective heirs, representatives and successors. 
 16. Administration and Amendment Modification Further Acts . This Agreement may not be modified, altered, or amended except by written agreement executed by both parties provided, however, that the Executive hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Company may amend Exhibit A to add or remove Aircraft without her consent or written agreement. The Company and the Executive shall from time to time perform such other and further acts and execute such other and further instruments as may be required by law or may be reasonably necessary (i) to carry out the intent and purpose of this Agreement, and (ii) to establish, maintain and protect the respective rights and remedies of each party. 
 17. Headings . The section headings in this Agreement are for convenience of reference only and shall not modify, define, expand, or limit any of the terms or provisions hereof. 
 5 

18. Notices . All notices and communications required or permitted by this Agreement (except for notices made purely for flight scheduling, which are governed by the provisions of Section 8 (Scheduling Flights) of this Agreement) shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly given or made when delivered personally or transmitted electronically by e-mail or facsimile, receipt acknowledged, or in the case of documented overnight delivery service or registered or certified mail, return receipt requested, delivery charge or postage prepaid, on the date shown on the receipt therefor, in each case at the address set forth below 
 If to the Company 
 Marathon Petroleum Company LP 
 539 South Main Street 
 Findlay, Ohio 45840 
 Attention Molly R. Benson, Chief Legal Officer 
 E-Mail mrbenson marathonpetroleum.com 
 If to the Executive at her home address listed in the records of the Company. 
 
 19. Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of Ohio, without regard to its choice of law principles. 
 20. Limitation of Liability . THE COMPANY (IN ITS OWN RIGHT AND ON BEHALF OF ITS AFFILIATES AND THEIR RESPECTIVE OFFICERS, DIRECTORS, MANAGERS, EMPLOYEES AND AGENTS) HEREBY DISCLAIMS, AND THE EXECUTIVE (IN HER OWN RIGHT AND ON BEHALF OF HER INVITEES AND GUESTS) HEREBY WAIVES, ANY LIABILITY, DUTY FOR INDEMNIFICATION OR CONTRIBUTION TO EXECUTIVE OR EXECUTIVE S GUESTS FOR ANY CLAIMED LIABILITIES, LOSSES, OR DIRECT, INDIRECT, SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, EXEMPLARY AND OR PUNITIVE DAMAGES OF ANY KIND OR NATURE UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES OR FOR ANY REASON RESULTING FROM OR ARISING OUT OF THE USE OR OPERATION OF THE AIRCRAFT PURSUANT TO THIS AGREEMENT (INCLUDING ANY DELAY OR FAILURE TO FURNISH THE AIRCRAFT OR CAUSED OR OCCASIONED BY THE PERFORMANCE OR NON-PERFORMANCE OF ANY SERVICES COVERED BY THIS AGREEMENT) (ALTOGETHER, THE LOSSES ), REGARDLESS OF WHETHER SUCH LOSSES ARISE OUT OF OR ARE CAUSED BY, IN WHOLE OR IN PART, COMPANY S NEGLIGENCE, GROSS NEGLIGENCE, OR STRICT LIABILITY OR WHETHER COMPANY KNEW OR SHOULD HAVE KNOWN OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH LOSSES. 
 21. Sole Recourse . The Executive agrees that the Aircraft liability insurance carried by, or on behalf of, the Company shall provide the Executive s sole recourse for all claims, losses, liabilities, obligations, demands, suits, judgments or causes of action, penalties, fines, costs and expenses of any nature whatsoever, including attorneys fees and expenses for or on account of or arising out of, or in any way connected with the use of the Aircraft by the Executive or her guests, including, without limitation, injury to or death of any persons, including, without limitation, guests, invitees or other parties which may result from or arise out of the use or operation of the Aircraft. The Executive agrees in her own right and on behalf of her invitees and guests that the proceeds of the insurance required by Section 13 (Insurance) shall provide the sole recourse for all claims, losses, liabilities, obligations, demands, suits, judgments or causes of action, penalties, fines, costs and expenses of any nature whatsoever, including attorneys' fees and expenses for or on account of or arising out of, or in any way connected with the use of the Aircraft by the Executive and her invitees and guests, including property damage, bodily injury to or death of any persons, including the Executive and her invitees and guests which may result from or arise out of the use or operation or maintenance of the Aircraft during the term of this Agreement. 
 22. Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed by the parties hereto in separate counterparts, each and all of which when so executed and delivered shall be an original, and all of which shall together constitute one and the same instrument. This Agreement may be signed manually or digitally and the counterparts may be delivered in person, by mail, overnight courier, fax, emailed as a pdf, through a digital signature application or any other 
 6 

electronic means that reproduces an image of the actual executed signature page and such counterpart shall be effective as if it was a manually executed counterpart hereof. 
 23. Severability . If any provision of this Agreement is held to be illegal, invalid or unenforceable in any jurisdiction, such provision shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such prohibition or unenforceability without invalidating the remaining provisions hereof. To the extent permitted by applicable law, each party waives any provision of law that renders any provision hereof prohibited or unenforceable in any respect. 
 24. Waivers . The failure or delay on the part of any party hereto to insist upon or enforce strict performance of any provision of this Agreement by any other party hereto, or to exercise any right, power or remedy under this Agreement, shall not be deemed or construed as a waiver thereof nor shall it be deemed or construed as a general waiver thereof or of any other provision or rights thereunder. 
 25. Force Majeure . The Company shall not be liable for delay or failure to furnish the Aircraft and crew pursuant to this Agreement when scheduled when such failure is caused by government regulation or authority, mechanical difficulty or breakdown, war, terrorism, civil commotion, strikes or labor disputes, pandemics or quarantines, weather conditions, acts of God, or other circumstances beyond the Company's reasonable control. 
 26. Entire Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire agreement of the parties as of the Effective Date and supersedes all prior or independent, oral or written agreements, understandings, statements, representations, commitments, promises, and warranties made with respect to the subject matter of this Agreement. 
 27. No Third Party Beneficiary . No party, other than the parties expressly named herein, is intended to be a beneficiary of any provision of this Agreement. 
 28. Survival . The provisions of Sections 3.2.2, 6, 7, 8.2, 12, 16, 20 and 21 shall survive termination of this Agreement. 
 Remainder of Page Intentionally Blank 
 7 

29. Truth In Leasing Statement Under Section 91.23 of the Federal Aviation Regulations . 
 WITHIN THE TWELVE (12) MONTH PERIOD PRECEDING THE DATE OF THIS AGREEMENT, EACH AIRCRAFT HAS BEEN INSPECTED AND MAINTAINED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF FAR PART 91. 
 THE PARTIES HERETO CERTIFY THAT DURING THE TERM OF THIS AGREEMENT AND FOR OPERATIONS CONDUCTED HEREUNDER, EACH AIRCRAFT WILL BE MAINTAINED AND INSPECTED IN ACCORDANCE WITH THE PROVISIONS OF FAR PART 91. 
 THE COMPANY (WHOSE ADDRESS APPEARS IN SECTION 18 (NOTICES) ABOVE) ACKNOWLEDGES (AND CERTIFIES BY ITS SIGNATURE BELOW) THAT (i) THE AIRCRAFT ARE IN COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE MAINTENANCE AND INSPECTION REQUIREMENTS UNDER PART 91 OF THE FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATIONS, (ii) WHEN IT OPERATES ANY AIRCRAFT UNDER THIS AGREEMENT, THE COMPANY SHALL BE KNOWN AS, CONSIDERED, AND IN FACT WILL BE THE OPERATOR OF, AND SHALL HAVE OPERATIONAL CONTROL OF, THE AIRCRAFT. 
 EACH PARTY HERETO CERTIFIES THAT IT UNDERSTANDS THE EXTENT OF ITS RESPONSIBILITIES, SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT FOR COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATIONS. 
 AN EXPLANATION OF FACTORS BEARING ON OPERATIONAL CONTROL AND THE PERTINENT FEDERAL AVIATION REGULATIONS CAN BE OBTAINED FROM THE NEAREST FAA FLIGHT STANDARDS OFFICE. 
 THE PARTIES HERETO CERTIFY THAT A TRUE COPY OF THIS AGREEMENT SHALL BE CARRIED ON EACH AIRCRAFT AT ALL TIMES, AND SHALL BE MADE AVAILABLE FOR INSPECTION UPON REQUEST BY AN APPROPRIATELY CONSTITUTED AND IDENTIFIED REPRESENTATIVE OF THE ADMINISTRATOR OF THE FAA. 
 THE COMPANY, ON BEHALF OF THE EXECUTIVE, SHALL TAKE THE STEPS SET FORTH ON EXHIBIT B TO COMPLY WITH THE TRUTH-IN-LEASING REQUIREMENTS. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the parties have executed this AIRCRAFT TIME SHARING AGREEMENT as of the date and year first written above. 
 THE COMPANY 
 THE EXECUTIVE 
 MARATHON PETROLEUM COMPANY LP 
 MARYANN T. MANNEN 
 By MPC Investment LLC, its General Partner 
 By 
 s Molly R. Benson 
 s Maryann T. Mannen Name Molly R. Benson 
 MARYANN T. MANNEN , Individually 
 Title Chief Legal Officer and 
 Corporate Secretary 
 
 8 

</EX-10.2>

<EX-10.3>
 4
 mpc-20240930xex103.htm
 EX-10.3

Document 

Exhibit 10.3 
 MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION 
 DEFERRED COMPENSATION PLAN 
 FOR NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTORS 
 (Amended and Restated effective as of October 1, 2024) 
 1. Purpose 
 
 The Marathon Petroleum Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors (the Plan is intended to enable the Corporation to attract and retain non-employee Directors and to enhance the long-term mutuality of interest between such Directors and shareholders of the Corporation. 
 This document contains the provisions of the Plan effective as the effective time of the spin-off of Marathon Petroleum Corporation from Marathon Oil Corporation and thereafter and shall apply to Deferred Cash Accounts and Deferred Stock Accounts, including 409A Benefits and Grandfathered Benefits (as such terms are defined below). In particular, the Plan document shall apply to those stock units and other similar equity awards granted to Participants under the Corporation s 2011 Incentive Compensation Plan (as amended or amended and restated from time to time), the Corporation s 2012 Incentive Compensation Plan (as amended or amended and restated from time to time), the Corporation s 2021 Incentive Compensation Plan (as amended and restated from time to time) as well as successor or predecessor arrangements (in each case, with respect to the awards granted thereunder, the Applicable Equity Plan ), and deferred under this Plan or its predecessor. 
 With respect to the 409A Benefits, the Plan is intended to conform to the requirements of Code Section 409A and the regulations thereunder, and, in all respects, shall be administered and construed in accordance with such requirements. With respect to the Grandfathered Benefits, the Plan does not represent a material enhancement of the benefits or rights available under the Marathon Oil Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors on October 3, 2004, which have subsequently been assumed by this Plan in connection with the spin-off of Marathon Petroleum Corporation from Marathon Oil Corporation. 
 2. Definitions 
 
 The following definitions apply to this Plan and to the Deferral Election Forms 
 (a) 
 409A Benefit means that portion of a Participant s Deferred Cash Account and Deferred Stock Account that was deferred or became vested after December 31, 2004, with earnings and losses attributable thereto pursuant to Sections 5 and 6. 
 
 (b) Beneficiary or Beneficiaries means a person or persons or other entity designated on a beneficiary designation form by a Participant as allowed in this Plan to receive Deferred Benefit payments. If there is no valid designation by the Participant, or if the designated Beneficiary or Beneficiaries fail to survive the Participant or otherwise fail to take the Deferred Benefit, the Participant s Beneficiary is the Participant s surviving spouse or, if there is no surviving spouse, the Participant s estate. A Participant may use a beneficiary designation form (in the form and manner acceptable to the Committee) to designate one or more Beneficiaries for all of the Participant s Deferred Benefit such designations are revocable. 

(c) Board means the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 
 (d) Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as amended, including regulations and other guidance of general applicability promulgated thereunder. 
 (e) Code Section 409A means, collectively, Section 409A of the Code and any Treasury and Internal Revenue Service regulations and guidance issued thereunder. 
 (f) Committee means the Corporate Governance and Nominating Committee of the Board or such other committee of the Board as the Board may designate to administer the Plan. In the event the Committee has delegated any authority or responsibility under the Plan in accordance with Section 12, the term Committee where used herein shall also refer to the applicable delegate. 
 (g) Common Stock means the common stock of the Corporation. 
 (h) Common Stock Unit means a book-entry unit equal in value to a share of Common Stock. A Participant shall be credited with one Common Stock Unit for each stock unit or hypothetical share of Common Stock granted pursuant to a Director Stock Award (or any successor stock incentive arrangement). 
 (i) Corporation means Marathon Petroleum Corporation or any successor thereto. 
 (j) Deferral Election Form means a document designated by the Committee for the purpose of allowing a Participant to elect deferrals under Section 3. 
 (k) Deferral Year means the calendar year for which a Participant has elected to defer amounts under this Plan. 
 (l) Deferred Benefit means a Participant s Deferred Cash Account and Deferred Stock Account under the Plan. 
 (m) 
 Deferred Cash Account means that bookkeeping record established for each Participant to reflect the status of the Participant s Deferred Cash Benefit under this Plan. A Deferred Cash Account (i) is established only for purposes of measuring a Deferred Cash Benefit and not to segregate assets or to identify assets that may or must be used to satisfy a Deferred Cash Benefit (ii) will be credited with that portion of the Participant s Retainer Fee deferred as a Deferred Cash Benefit according to a Deferral Election Form and (iii) will be credited periodically with earnings and losses as provided under Section 5. 
 (n) 
 Deferred Cash Benefit means the amount of Retainer Fees deferred by a Participant under Section 3. 
 (o) 
 Deferred Stock Account means that bookkeeping record established for each Participant to reflect the status of the Participant s Deferred Stock Benefit under this Plan. A Deferred Stock Account is established only for purposes of measuring Common Stock Units and not to segregate assets or to identify assets that may or must be used to satisfy a Deferred Stock Benefit. A Deferred Stock Account will be credited with the Common Stock Units related to Deferred Stock Awards that are awarded to a Participant quarterly, annually or at such other times that awards are made and deferred. A Deferred Stock Account will be credited periodically with additional Common Stock Units that reflect the value of dividends paid on Common Stock pursuant to Section 6. 

(p) 
 Deferred Stock Benefit means the number of Common Stock Units that are deferred pursuant to Section 3 or Section 6. In addition to the Common Stock Units credited with respect to any Director Stock Award, a Participant s Deferred Stock Benefit shall also include any Common Stock Units granted in connection with the spin-off of Marathon Petroleum Corporation from Marathon Oil Corporation in substitution for common stock units of Marathon Oil Corporation. 
 (q) 
 Directors means those duly named members of the Board. 
 (r) 
 Director Stock Award means an award of Common Stock Units pursuant to Section 6 of this Plan, as amended from time to time, or, in the discretion of the Committee, any successor or similar stock incentive award. 
 (s) 
 Election Date means the date established by this Plan as the date before which a Participant must submit a valid Deferral Election Form to the Committee. For each Deferral Year, the Election Date is December 31 of the preceding calendar year provided, however, that the Election Date for newly eligible Directors shall be as provided in Section 3(a). Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Committee may set an earlier date as the Election Date for any Deferral Year. All Election Dates shall be established in conformity with Code Section 409A. 
 (t) 
 This subsection is intentionally left blank. 
 (u) 
 Grandfathered Benefit means that portion of a Participant s Deferred Cash Account and Deferred Stock Account that is exempt from Code Section 409A because it was deferred and vested under the Marathon Oil Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors as of December 31, 2004, as adjusted to reflect any earnings or losses thereto pursuant to Sections 5 and 6, and in the case of Common Stock Units, to reflect the spin-off of Marathon Petroleum Corporation from Marathon Oil Corporation. 
 (v) 
 Participant means a Director who is not simultaneously an employee of the Corporation. 
 (w) 
 Plan means the Marathon Petroleum Corporation Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors. 
 (x) 
 Quarterly Director Award Date means the first business day of the calendar quarter. 
 (y) 
 Quarterly Director Stock Award means a quarterly grant of Common Stock Units as provided in Section 6(a) of this Plan. 
 (z) 
 Retainer Fee means that portion of a Participant s compensation that is fixed and paid without regard to the Participant s attendance at meetings. 

(aa) 
 Separation from Service shall have the same meaning as set forth under Code Section 409A. 
 (bb) 
 Specified Employee shall have the same meaning as set forth under Code Section 409A and as determined by the Corporation in accordance with its established policy. 
 
 3. Deferral Election 
 
 A deferral election is valid when a Deferral Election Form is completed, signed by the Participant, and received by the Committee. Deferral elections are governed by the provisions of this section. 
 (a) 
 No later than each Deferral Year s Election Date, each Participant may submit a Deferral Election Form to defer until after Separation from Service the receipt of any portion up to 100 percent of the Participant s Retainer Fee for the Deferral Year in the form of a Deferred Cash Benefit. In the event an individual becomes a Director and is first eligible to participate during a Deferral Year, such Director may submit a Deferral Election Form no later than thirty (30) days following the effective date of the individual s position as a Director, provided that, to the extent required by Code Section 409A, the Retainer Fee subject to the election shall be prorated in accordance with Code Section 409A. 
 
 (b) 
 Common Stock Units awarded pursuant to a Director Stock Award are automatically deferred and accounted for in a Deferred Stock Account and are not subject to any Deferral Election. 
 
 (c) 
 If it does so before the last business day preceding the Deferral Year, the Committee may reject or modify any Deferral Election Form for such Deferral Year and the Committee is not required to state a reason for such action. However, the Committee s rejection or modification of any Deferral Election Form must be based upon action taken without regard to any vote of the Participant whose Deferral Election Form is under consideration, and the Committee s rejections or modifications must be made on a uniform basis with respect to similarly situated Participants. If the Committee rejects or modifies a Deferral Election Form, the Participant must be paid the Retainer Fee that the Participant is entitled to receive after taking into account the rejected or modified Deferral Election Form. 
 
 (d) 
 A Participant may not revoke a Deferral Election Form after the Deferral Year begins. Any writing signed by a Participant expressing an intention to revoke the Participant s Deferral Election Form before the close of business on the relevant Election Date is a revocation. In the event the Retainer Fee is paid in more than one payment during a Deferral Year, a Participant s deferral may be taken from such Retainer Fee ratably during the applicable Deferral Year or in any other manner determined by the Committee provided that such deferrals during the Plan year, in the aggregate, reflect the Participant s deferral election in accordance with Code Section 409A. 

4. Effect of No Election 
 
 For any Participant who does not submit a valid Deferral Election Form to the Committee by the Election Date for a Deferral Year, the Participant s Deferral Election Form then in effect shall remain effective for the upcoming Deferral Year. Any Participant who does not submit a valid Deferral Election Form by the Election Date and does not have a deferral election then in effect may not defer any part of the Participant s Retainer Fee for the Deferral Year. 
 5. Deferred Cash Benefits 
 
 (a) 
 The Deferred Cash Account for each Participant will be credited with deemed investment returns as provided in Section 5(b). Deferred Cash Benefits are credited to the applicable Participant s Deferred Cash Account as of the day the Retainer Fees would have been paid but for the deferral. 
 
 (b) 
 A Participant may select one or more investment options approved by the Committee for the Participant s Deferred Cash Benefits, and earnings and losses from such investment options will be credited to the Participant s Deferred Cash Account at periods determined by the Committee. A Participant may change the investment allocation of the Participant s Deferred Cash Account at any time. 
 
 6. Deferred Equity Benefits 
 
 (a) 
 Grant of Common Stock Units 
 
 i. 
 Pursuant to paragraph 8 of the Marathon Petroleum Corporation 2021 Incentive Compensation Plan (the 2021 Plan ), the Board is authorized to grant Director Stock Awards to the Participants (which constitute Other Share-Based Awards for purposes of the 2021 Plan). The terms, conditions and limitations applicable to such Director Stock Awards are to be determined by the Board. Pursuant to Section 12 of this Plan, the Board has delegated its authority to the Committee. 
 
 ii. 
 All Participants shall receive Quarterly Director Stock Awards under this Plan. 
 
 iii. 
 A Participant who has attained or is expected to attain the applicable mandatory retirement age under the Corporation s mandatory retirement policy, before the next regularly scheduled annual meeting of the Corporation s stockholders shall receive a pro-rated Quarterly Director Stock Award for the quarter in which the next regularly scheduled annual meeting of the Corporation s stockholders will be held. If this Section 6(a)(iii) applies, the Quarterly Director Stock Award will be pro-rated based on the number of days in the quarter that the Participant shall serve as a Director, including the day on which the annual meeting is held. 

iv. 
 Except as provided in Section 6(a)(iii), each Participant shall be granted a Quarterly Director Stock Award with respect to a number of unvested Common Stock Units, including fractional Common Stock Units, determined by dividing (i) 41,625 by (ii) the Fair Market Value (as defined in the Applicable Equity Plan) of a share of Common Stock on the date of grant. These grants to all Participants shall automatically be made on the Quarterly Director Award Date under the Applicable Equity Plan under which awards can then be made. 

v. 
 The Common Stock Units granted under this Section 6(a) shall vest in full upon the Participant s departure from the Board. Each Participant s Deferred Stock Account will be credited with the number of Common Stock Units covered by a Quarterly Director Stock Award as of the applicable Quarterly Director Award Date. 
 
 (b) 
 Each Common Stock Unit held in a Deferred Stock Account will increase or decrease in value by the same amount and with the same frequency as the fair market value of a share of Common Stock. 
 
 (c) 
 Each Deferred Stock Account will be credited on or about each Common Stock dividend payment date with additional Common Stock Units, including fractional units, in a quantity equal to the quotient of the dividends payable on the quantity of shares equal to the number of Common Stock Units in such account divided by the value of a share of Common Stock on the date of that payment as determined in accordance with the manner established by the Committee from time to time. 
 
 (d) 
 In the event of a reorganization, recapitalization, stock split, stock dividend, combination of shares, merger, consolidation, rights offering or any other change in the corporate structure, the number and kind of Common Stock Units credited to each Participant s Deferred Stock Account shall be adjusted accordingly. 
 
 (e) 
 Participants who are eligible for a Director Stock Award under this Plan may also receive a portion of their equity compensation in the form of awards of deferred partnership units of MPLX LP under the MPLX LP 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan as determined by the Board of Directors of MPLX GP LLC and subject to the terms and conditions of such MPLX LP plan and any applicable MPLX LP award instruments or policies. 
 
 7. Distributions 
 
 (a) 
 A Deferred Cash Benefit must be distributed in cash. A Deferred Stock Benefit must be distributed in shares of Common Stock and such distribution will correspond to, and equal to the number of, the Common Stock Units credited to the Participant s Deferred Stock Account provided that cash must be paid in lieu of fractional shares of the Common Stock otherwise distributable. 

(b) 
 Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7, a Participant s Deferred Benefit shall be paid in a lump sum on the first day of the calendar month following the expiration of 45 days after the Participant s Separation from Service for any reason other than death. 
 
 (c) 
 In the event of a Participant s Separation from Service on account of death, the Participant s Deferred Benefit shall be paid to the Participant s Beneficiary (or Beneficiaries) in a lump sum in the February of the year following the Participant s death or if earlier, on the first day of the calendar month following the expiration of 45 days after the Participant s Separation from Service as described in Section 7(b) (or, in the event of a Separation from Service of a Specified Employee not on account of death, within the 45-day period described in Section 7(d)). 
 
 (d) 
 Distribution of the Deferred Benefit of a Participant who the Committee determines is a Specified Employee (other than the Participant s Grandfathered Benefit) shall commence within the 45-day period following the first of the month following 6 months after Separation from Service (other than a Separation from Service on account of the death of Participant). In the event of a Separation from Service of a Specified Employee on account of death, payment shall be made pursuant to Section 7(c). Payment of a Specified Employee s Grandfathered Benefit shall be made pursuant to Section 7(b). 
 
 8. Corporation s Obligation 
 
 (a) 
 The Plan is unfunded. A Deferred Benefit is at all times solely a contractual obligation of the Corporation. A Participant and the Participant s Beneficiaries have no right, title or interest in the Participant s Deferred Benefit or any claim against it. Except according to Section 8(b), the Corporation will not segregate any funds or assets for Deferred Benefits nor issue any notes or security for the payment of any Deferred Benefit. 
 
 (b) 
 The Corporation may establish a grantor trust and transfer to that trust shares of the Common Stock or other assets. The governing trust agreement must require a separate account to be established for each electing Participant. The governing trust agreement must also require that all Corporation assets held in trust remain at all times subject to the Corporation s creditors. 
 
 9. Control by Participant 
 
 A Participant has no control over the Participant s Deferred Benefit except according to the Participant s Deferral Election Form, Distribution Election Form, and Beneficiary Designation Form. 
 10. Claims Against Participant s Deferred Benefit 
 
 A Deferred Benefit relating to a Participant under this Plan is not subject in any manner to anticipation, alienation, sale, transfer, assignment, pledge, encumbrance, or charge, and any attempt to do so is void. A Deferred Benefit is not subject to attachment or legal process for a Participant s debts or 

other obligations. Nothing contained in this Plan gives any Participant any interest, lien or claim against any specific asset of the Corporation. A Participant or the Participant s Beneficiary has no rights other than as a general creditor. The Plan shall not recognize or give effect to any domestic relations order attempting to alienate, transfer or assign any Deferred Benefits. 
 11. Amendment or Termination 
 
 This Plan may be altered, amended, suspended, or terminated at any time by the Committee, provided that with respect to 409A Benefits such action shall conform to the requirements of Code Section 409A. No future amendment to the Plan shall apply to Grandfathered Benefits to the extent such provision or amendment would constitute a material modification within the meaning of Code Section 409A with respect to the Grandfathered Benefits unless such amendment expressly indicates otherwise. 
 12. Administration 
 
 The Committee shall have the full and exclusive power and authority to administer this Plan and to take all actions that are specifically contemplated hereby or are necessary or appropriate in connection with the administration hereof. The Committee shall also have full and exclusive power to interpret this Plan, to adopt such rules, regulations and guidelines for carrying out this Plan as it may deem necessary or proper, and to delegate some or all of its authority or responsibilities under this Plan to any other person or entity. The Committee may correct any defect or supply an omission or reconcile any inconsistency in this Plan in the manner and to the extent the Committee deems necessary or desirable to further the Plan purposes. Any decision of the Committee in the interpretation and administration of this Plan shall lie within its sole and absolute discretion and shall be final, conclusive and binding on all parties concerned. The provisions of this Section 12 are subject to the terms of the Applicable Equity Plan. To the extent any provision of this Plan conflicts with the express terms of the Applicable Equity Plan, the terms of the Applicable Equity Plan shall control and, if necessary, the applicable provisions of this Plan shall be hereby deemed amended so as to carry out the purpose and intent of the Applicable Equity Plan. 
 13. Notices 
 
 Notices and elections under this Plan may be in writing or in electronic format. A notice or election is deemed delivered if it is delivered personally or if it is mailed by registered or certified mail or via electronic delivery to the person at the individual s last known business address or electronic mail address. 
 14. Waiver 
 
 The waiver of a breach of any provision in this Plan does not operate as and may not be construed as a waiver of any later breach. 
 15. Construction 
 
 This Plan is created, adopted, maintained and governed according to the laws of the state of Delaware. Headings and captions are only for convenience they do not have substantive meaning. If a provision of this Plan is not valid or not enforceable, the validity or enforceability of any other provision is not affected. Use of one gender includes all, and the singular and plural include each other. This Plan is intended to conform to the requirements of Code Section 409A and shall be interpreted accordingly. 

16. Effective Date 
 
 The original effective date of the Plan is the Distribution Date, as defined in the Separation and Distribution Agreement among Marathon Oil Corporation, Marathon Oil Company and Marathon Petroleum Corporation, dated as of May 25, 2011, as such agreement may be amended. This Plan was amended and restated effective December 3, 2012, and January 1, 2019, and has been further amended and restated effective October 1, 2024. 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-10.4>
 5
 mpc-20240930xex104.htm
 EX-10.4

Document 

Exhibit 10.4 
 MPLX LP 
 2018 INCENTIVE COMPENSATION PLAN 
 MPC NON-EMPLOYEE DIRECTOR PHANTOM UNIT AWARD POLICY 
 (Amended and Restated effective as of October 1, 2024) 
 Pursuant to this MPC Non-Employee Director Phantom Unit Award Policy (the Award Policy and the MPLX LP 2018 Incentive Compensation Plan (the Plan ), MPLX GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Company ), the general partner of MPLX LP, a Delaware limited partnership (the Partnership ), hereby grants to each of the non-employee directors of Marathon Petroleum Corporation MPC ), the parent corporation of the Company, serving on the Board of Directors of MPC on the Grant Date (each a Participant ), on the first trading day of each calendar quarter (each a Grant Date ), that number of Phantom Units determined by dividing 4,625 by the closing market price of a Common Unit of the Partnership as reported on the Consolidated Tape System on the Grant Date. The number of Phantom Units awarded is subject to proration in the event an MPC non-employee director commences service on the MPC Board of Directors during the applicable calendar quarter (in which case, pro-ration will be calculated based on the number of days that the Participant is expected to serve on the MPC Board of Directors during the applicable calendar quarter relative to the total days in such calendar quarter, and the Grant Date shall be the date of the Participant s commencement of service on the MPC Board of Directors) and adjustment as provided in the Plan, and the Phantom Units hereby granted are also subject to the following terms and conditions 
 1. Relationship to the Plan. The grants of Phantom Units under this Award Policy are subject to all of the terms, conditions and provisions of the Plan and administrative interpretations, if any, that have been adopted by the Committee, as such term is defined in the Plan. Except as defined in this Award Policy, capitalized terms shall have the same meanings given to them under the Plan. To the extent any provision of this Award Policy conflicts with the express terms of the Plan, the terms of the Plan shall control and, if necessary, the applicable provisions of this Award Policy shall be hereby deemed amended so as to carry out the purpose and intent of the Plan. For the avoidance of doubt, Phantom Units under this Award Policy shall be subject to provisions in the Plan that are required to comply with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ), and in particular separation from service as used under this Award Policy shall have the same meaning as used under Section 409A of the Code and those provisions regarding distributions to specified employees under Section 409A of the Code shall apply to distributions under this Award Policy. 
 2. Settlement of Phantom Units. The Phantom Units granted under this Award Policy shall be settled in full in the form of a Common Unit of the Partnership for each Phantom Unit subject to this Award Policy upon the earlier of the Participant s separation from service from the Company or the Participant s death. 
 3. Dividends and Cash Distributions. During the period of time between the Grant Date and the date the Phantom Units are settled, for any dividends and or cash distributions paid by the Partnership on outstanding Common Units of the Partnership, the Participant shall be credited with additional Phantom Units, including any fractional Phantom Units, based on the Fair Market Value of a Common Unit of the Partnership on the date such dividend and or cash distribution is made. Any additional Phantom Units granted pursuant to this Section shall be subject to the same terms and conditions applicable to the Phantom Units to which these dividend and or cash distributions relate, including, without limitation, the 

restrictions on transfer, forfeiture, settlement and distribution provisions contained in this Award Policy or the Plan. 
 4. Issuance of Common Units. During the period of time between the Grant Date and the date the Phantom Units settle, the Phantom Units will be evidenced by a credit to a bookkeeping account evidencing the unfunded and unsecured right of the Participant to receive shares of Common Units, subject to the terms and conditions applicable to the Phantom Units. Upon the settlement date as described in Paragraph 2 above, the Participant s shall be entitled to receive a number of Common Units of the Partnership equal to the total of the number of Phantom Units granted and any additional Phantom Units credited pursuant to Paragraph 3 above with any fractional Phantom Units remaining settled in cash. Such Common Units shall be issued and registered in the name of the Participant. Subject to the terms of the Plan, all amounts payable to the Participant in respect of the Phantom Units, including the issuance of Common Units of the Partnership pursuant to this Paragraph 4, shall be paid as of the first day of the calendar month following the expiration of 45 days following the settlement date. The Participant shall not have the right or be entitled to exercise any voting rights, receive cash distributions or dividends or have or be entitled to any rights as a partnership unit holder in respect of the Phantom Units until such time as the Phantom Units have been settled and corresponding Common Units of the Partnership have been issued. 
 5. Nonassignability. Upon the Participant s death, the Phantom Units credited to the Participant under this Award shall be transferred to the Participant s beneficiary as designated under the Marathon Petroleum Deferred Compensation Plan for Non-Employee Directors, or if no such beneficiary designation has been executed by Participant, to the Participant s estate and upon such transfer settled in Common Units of the Partnership. Otherwise, the Participant may not sell, transfer, assign, pledge or otherwise encumber any portion of the Phantom Units, and any attempt to sell, transfer, assign, pledge, or encumber any portion of the Phantom Units shall have no effect. 
 6. Nature of the Grant. Under this Award Policy, the Participant is not an employee of the Company, the Partnership or MPC, and this Award of Phantom Units is granted in connection with service as a Non-Employee Director on the MPC Board to the benefit of the Company and the Partnership and should not be considered in any way as compensation for, or relating in any way to, past services for the Company, the Partnership or MPC, or any affiliates or predecessors of any of the foregoing as an employee. 
 7. Modification of Policy. Any modification of this Award Policy shall be binding only if evidenced by resolution of the Board of the Company, provided that no modification may, without the consent of the Participant, adversely affect the rights of the Participant. 

</EX-10.4>

<EX-10.5>
 6
 mpc-20240930xex105.htm
 EX-10.5

Document 

Exhibit 10.5 
 SIXTH AMENDMENT TO THE 
 MARATHON PETROLEUM THRIFT PLAN 
 
 Pursuant to the powers of amendment reserved under Section 24.01 of the Marathon Petroleum Thrift Plan, as amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2023, and as thereafter amended from time to time (the Plan ), the Plan is amended, effective August 1, 2024, as follows 
 FIRST CHANGE 
 Section 8.02 (Investment of Accounts) of the Plan is amended by the addition of the following paragraphs at the end thereof, reading as follows 
 The employer security diversification requirements of Code Section 401(a)(35) (the Diversification Requirements apply to the Plan because the Designated Investment Options include the Marathon Petroleum Corporation Common Stock Fund. Accordingly, each member shall be entitled to direct the Plan, pursuant to the investment designation rules and procedures established from time to time by the Plan Administrator, to transfer the portion of such member s account balance that is invested in the Marathon Petroleum Corporation Common Stock Fund in a manner that meets the Diversification Requirements as described in this and the following paragraphs of this Section 8.02. 
 A. 
 No Length of Service Requirement to Diversify The Plan imposes no years of service or similar length of employment requirement that members must satisfy in order to transfer account balances that are invested in the Marathon Petroleum Corporation Common Stock Fund to other Designated Investment Options. 
 
 B. 
 Designated Investment Options for Reinvestment of Marathon Petroleum Corporation Common Stock Fund Account Balances The Designated Investment Options available to members for the reinvestment of their account balances shall include not less than three Designated Investment Options, each of which is diversified and has materially different risk and return characteristics. For this purpose, Designated Investment Options that constitute a broad range of investment alternatives within the meaning of DOL Regulations Section 2550.404c-1(b)(3) are treated as diversified and having materially different risk and return characteristics. 
 
 C. 
 Divestment and Reinvestment Opportunities, Restrictions and Conditions The investment designation rules and procedures established by the Plan Administrator shall meet the Diversification Requirements, and in such regard (i) shall provide members with reasonable divestment and reinvestment opportunities with respect to the Marathon Petroleum Corporation Common Stock Fund at least quarterly and (ii) shall not impose any restrictions or conditions with respect to the investment in the Marathon Petroleum Corporation Common Stock Fund that are not imposed on the investment in the other Designated Investment Options, except for restrictions and conditions that are permitted by Treasury Regulations Section 1.401(a)(35)-1. Such permitted restrictions and conditions include, among others, restrictions and conditions that are required or reasonably designed to ensure compliance with applicable securities laws, to limit the extent to which a member s account may be invested in the Marathon Petroleum Corporation Common Stock Fund, and to limit short-term trading in the Marathon Petroleum Corporation Common Stock Fund. 
 
 1 

SECOND CHANGE 
 Section 11.01 (General) of the Plan is amended by the addition of a new paragraph at the end thereof, reading as follows 
 Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the preceding paragraphs of this Section 11.01, each Active Member and each Member with Account(s) in Suspense as of August 1, 2024, shall be fully vested in (and have a nonforfeitable right to) all Matching Contributions in their Plan account made with respect to periods prior to January 1, 2016. 
 THIRD CHANGE 
 Article XII of the Plan (Change in Control Provisions) is deleted in its entirety, and the succeeding Articles of the Plan and the cross-references and section numbering for same re-numbered accordingly. 
 FOURTH CHANGE 
 Section 13.04 (In-Service Withdrawal of Entire Distributable Vested Thrift Balance), now re-numbered as Section 12.04, is amended to read as follows 
 12.04 In-Service Withdrawal of Entire Distributable Vested Account Balance 
 Subject to the conditions under this Section 12.04, an Active Member or a Member with Account(s) in Suspense may request an In-Service Withdrawal of their entire distributable Plan vested account balance. The amount available for withdrawal is as follows 
 A. A member who has not attained age 59 will receive the value of their After-Tax Account, Rollover Account, Roth Rollover Account, and Company Matching Account. 
 B. A member who has attained age 59 or who is Disabled (as defined below) will receive the value of their above mentioned accounts plus the value of their Pre-Tax Account, Pre Tax Catch-Up Contribution Account, Safe Harbor Matching Contribution Account, Non-Elective Employer Contributions Account, qualified non-elective employer contributions account, Roth Deferral Contribution Account, and Roth Catch-Up Contribution Account, as well as the value of their Roth-In Plan Conversion Account. 
 For purposes of this Plan, members will be considered Disabled if either (1) they have been disabled for at least two years, and are wholly and continuously disabled to the extent that they are unable to engage in any occupation or perform any work for gainful compensation or profit for which they are, or may become, reasonably qualified by education, training, or experience, all as determined by the Marathon Petroleum Long Term Disability Plan or (2) they provide proof of a Social Security determination of disability. 
 
 2 

FIFTH CHANGE 
 Section 1.1(11) (Change in Control) of the Speedway Component is deleted in its entirety, and the succeeding subsections of Section 1.1 and the cross-references to them are re-numbered accordingly. 
 SIXTH CHANGE 
 Section 6.1(4) of the Speedway Component is amended to read as follows 
 (4) Notwithstanding the vesting schedules specified above, a Participant s right to the portion of his or her Account attributable to Pre-2016 Employer Matching Contributions, Non-Elective Employer Contributions and Prior Plan Employer Contributions shall be fully vested (a) upon death or Disability, provided such Participant is an Active Participant or Participant with Account in Suspense on the date of death or Disability, (b) upon attainment of age 65 as an Active Participant or Participant with Account in Suspense, and (c) for an Employee of a Participating Employer or Affiliated Company immediately prior to the sale of any of the five stores that were caused to be sold by the Company or its affiliate as a result of the Decision and Order enacted by the United States Federal Trade Commission in relation to the Company s 2018 acquisition of Express Mart convenience stores in New York, and who then accepted an offer of employment from the store s purchaser. Notwithstanding the preceding provisions of this Section 6.1(4), each Active Participant and Participant with Account in Suspense as of August 1, 2024, shall be fully vested in (and have a nonforfeitable right to) all Pre-2016 Employer Matching Contributions, Non-Elective Employer Contributions and Prior Plan Employer Contributions in their Account. 
 SEVENTH CHANGE 
 Section 7.1(2) of the Speedway Component is amended to read as follows 
 (2) Active Participants or Participants with Account(s) in Suspense who have attained age 59-1 2 are also eligible to withdraw a portion of their Pre-Tax Basic Contributions Account, Roth Basic Contributions Account, Pre-Tax Catch-Up Contributions Account, Roth Catch-Up Contributions Account, Roth In-Plan Conversion Account, Safe Harbor Matching Contributions Account, Non-Elective Employer Contributions Account, and qualified non-elective employer contributions account without losing such other rights as they may have in the balance of their Accounts, subject to the provisions outlined below. 
 EIGHTH CHANGE 
 Section 7.2(1) of the Speedway Component is amended by the addition of a new paragraph (i), reading as follows, and the succeeding paragraphs are renumbered accordingly 
 (i) Non-Elective Employer Contributions Account 
 NINTH CHANGE 
 Section 7.3 (In-Service Withdrawal of Entire Distributable Vested Plan Balance) of the Speedway Component is amended to read as follows 
 7.3 In-Service Withdrawal of Entire Distributable Vested Plan Balance . Subject to the conditions of this Section 7.3, Active Participants or Participants with Account(s) in Suspense may 
 3 

request an In-Service Withdrawal of their entire distributable vested Plan balance. The amount available for withdrawal is as follows 
 (1) Participants who have not attained age 59-1 2 may receive the value of their After-Tax Contributions Account, Rollover Contributions Account, Roth Rollover Contributions Account, Prior Plan After-Tax Contributions Account and Pre-2016 Employer Matching Contributions Account. 
 (2) Participants who have attained age 59-1 2 or who are Disabled may receive the value of such Accounts plus the value of their Pre-Tax Contributions Account, Pre-Tax Catch-Up Contributions Account, Safe Harbor Employer Matching Contributions Account, Non-Elective Employer Contributions Account, Prior Plan Employer Contributions Account, Roth Basic Contributions Account, and Roth Catch-Up Contributions Account, as well as the value of their Roth In-Plan Conversion Account. 
 
 The Plan, as amended by the foregoing changes, is ratified and confirmed in all respects. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned officer has caused this Amendment to be executed effective as of the date specified above. 
 
 s Lori B. Glawe 
 By Lori B. Glawe, acting as authorized delegate 
 
 Date Signed July 30, 2024 
 4 

</EX-10.5>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 mpc-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Maryann T. Mannen, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Marathon Petroleum Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Maryann T. Mannen Maryann T. Mannen President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 mpc-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 MARATHON PETROLEUM CORPORATION 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF 
 THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, John J. Quaid, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q of Marathon Petroleum Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 s John J. Quaid John J. Quaid Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 mpc-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Marathon Petroleum Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Maryann T. Mannen, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 s Maryann T. Mannen Maryann T. Mannen President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 mpc-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Marathon Petroleum Corporation (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, John J. Quaid, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 s John J. Quaid John J. Quaid Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 mpc-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 mpc-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 mpc-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 mpc-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 mpc-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

