<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241024_10-Q_edgar_data_1109448_0001109448-24-000067.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11593769</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>144146</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1751242</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4834443</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2485916</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2125534</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001109448-24-000067.hdr.sgml : 20241024
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241024064614
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001109448-24-000067
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241024
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241024

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN L.P.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001109448
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INVESTMENT ADVICE [6282]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				134064930
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-29961
		FILM NUMBER:		241390644

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 COMMERCE STREET
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37203
		BUSINESS PHONE:		6156220000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		501 COMMERCE STREET
		CITY:			NASHVILLE
		STATE:			TN
		ZIP:			37203

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ALLIANCE CAPITAL MANAGEMENT L P
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20000316

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001109448-24-000067.txt : 20241024

10-Q
 1
 ab-20240930.htm
 10-Q ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN L.P.

ab-20240930 
 
 Index 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, DC 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File No. 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Index 

 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): 
 Yes No 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 Title of Each Class Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered None None None 
 
 The number of units of limited partnership interest outstanding as of September 30, 2024 was . 

Index 

 ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN L.P. 
 Index to Form 10-Q 
 Page Part I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 1 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 3 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Partners' Capital 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 6 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 55 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 55 
 Part II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 55 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 55 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 56 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 56 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 56 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 56 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 57 
 SIGNATURE 
 58 

Index 

 Part I 
 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN L.P. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 (in thousands, except unit amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Cash and securities segregated, at fair value (cost: and 
 Receivables, net: Brokers and dealers Brokerage clients AB funds fees Other fees Investments: Joint ventures Other Assets of consolidated company-sponsored investment funds: Cash and cash equivalents Investments Other assets Furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements, net Goodwill Intangible assets, net Deferred sales commissions, net Right-of-use assets Assets held for sale Other assets Total assets 
 1 

Index 

 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE NON-CONTROLLING INTEREST AND CAPITAL Liabilities: Payables: Brokers and dealers Brokerage clients AB mutual funds Contingent consideration liability Accounts payable and accrued expenses Lease liabilities Liabilities of consolidated company-sponsored investment funds Accrued compensation and benefits Debt Liabilities held for sale Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies See Note 12 
 Capital: General Partner Limited partners: and units issued and outstanding 
 Receivables from affiliates ) ) AB Holding Units held for long-term incentive compensation plans ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) ) ) Partners capital attributable to AB Unitholders Non-redeemable non-controlling interests in consolidated entities Total capital Total liabilities, non-controlling interest and capital 

See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 2 

Index 

 ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN L.P. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income 
 (in thousands, except per unit amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues: Investment advisory and services fees Bernstein research services Distribution revenues Dividend and interest income Investment (losses) ) ) ) ) Other revenues Total revenues Less: Broker-dealer related interest expense Net revenues Expenses: Employee compensation and benefits Promotion and servicing: Distribution-related payments Amortization of deferred sales commissions Trade execution, marketing, T E and other General and administrative Contingent payment arrangements ) ) Interest on borrowings Amortization of intangible assets Total expenses Operating income Gain on divestiture Non-operating income Pre-tax income Income taxes Net income Net income of consolidated entities attributable to non-controlling interests ) Net income attributable to AB Unitholders Net income per AB Unit: Basic Diluted 
 
 See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 3 

Index 

 ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN L.P. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments, before reclassification and tax: ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for (losses) in net income upon liquidation ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, before tax ) ) Income tax (expense) ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) ) Changes in employee benefit related items: Amortization of prior service cost Recognized actuarial gain Changes in employee benefit related items Income tax (expense) ) ) ) ) Employee benefit related items, net of tax Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Less: Comprehensive income in consolidated entities attributable to non-controlling interests ) Comprehensive income attributable to AB Unitholders 
 
 See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 4 

Index 

 ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN L.P. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Partners' Capital 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 General Partner s Capital Balance, beginning of period Net income Cash distributions to General Partner ) ) ) ) Long-term incentive compensation plans activity (Retirement) of AB Units, net ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period Limited Partners' Capital Balance, beginning of period Net income Cash distributions to Unitholders ) ) ) ) Long-term incentive compensation plans activity (Retirement) of AB Units, net ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period Receivables from Affiliates Balance, beginning of period ) ) ) ) Long-term incentive compensation awards expense Capital contributions from (to) AB Holding ) ) Balance, end of period ) ) ) ) AB Holding Units held for Long-term Incentive Compensation Plans Balance, beginning of period ) ) ) ) Purchases of AB Holding Units to fund long-term compensation plans, net ) ) ) ) Retirement of AB Units, net Long-term incentive compensation awards expense Re-valuation of AB Holding Units held in rabbi trust ) ) ) ) Balance, end of period ) ) ) ) Accumulated Other Comprehensive (Loss) Balance, beginning of period ) ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustment, net of tax ) ) Changes in employee benefit related items, net of tax Balance, end of period ) ) ) ) Total Partners' Capital attributable to AB Unitholders Non-redeemable Non-controlling Interests in Consolidated Entities Balance, beginning of period Net income Distributions (to) from non-controlling interests, net ) ) ) Adjustment ) Contributions (to) from non-controlling interest ) Balance, end of period Total Capital See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 5 

Index 

 ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN L.P. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Amortization of deferred sales commissions Non-cash long-term incentive compensation expense Depreciation and other amortization Unrealized (gains) losses on investments ) Equity in earnings of equity method investments Unrealized (gains) on investments of consolidated company-sponsored investment funds ) ) (Gain) on divestiture ) Non-cash lease expense Remeasurement of contingent payment arrangements ) Other, net Changes in assets and liabilities: Decrease in securities, segregated (Increase) decrease in receivables ) Decrease (increase) in investments ) Decrease in investments of consolidated company-sponsored investment funds (Increase) in deferred sales commissions ) ) Decrease (increase) in other assets ) Decrease in other assets of consolidated company-sponsored investment funds (Decrease) in other liabilities of consolidated company-sponsored investment funds ) ) (Decrease) in payables ) ) Increase (decrease) in accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Increase in accrued compensation and benefits Cash payments to relieve operating lease liabilities ) ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements ) ) Divestiture of business (includes million in cash proceeds) 
 ) Capital contribution to equity method investments ) Debt repayment from equity method investments Net cash contribution (to) affiliates ) ) 
 6 

Index 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Net cash (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: (Repayment of) debt, net ) ) (Decrease) in overdrafts payable ) Distributions to General Partner and Unitholders ) ) (Redemptions) of non-controlling interest in consolidated company-sponsored investment funds, net ) ) Purchases of AB Holding Units to fund long-term incentive compensation plan awards, net ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash (used in) financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) Net (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents as of beginning of the period Cash and cash equivalents as of end of the period 
 
 See Accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 7 

Index 

 ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN L.P. 
 AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 September 30, 2024 
 (unaudited) 

The words we and our refer collectively to AllianceBernstein L.P. and its subsidiaries AB ), or to their officers and employees. Similarly, the word company refers to AB. These statements should be read in conjunction with AB s audited consolidated financial statements included in AB s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 1. 

8 

Index 

 of the issued and outstanding units representing assignments of beneficial ownership of limited partnership interests in AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. AB Holding Units ). AllianceBernstein Corporation (an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of EQH, General Partner is the general partner of both AllianceBernstein Holding L.P. AB Holding and AB. AllianceBernstein Corporation owns general partnership units in AB Holding and a general partnership interest in AB. 
 
 interest, was as follows: 
 
 EQH and its subsidiaries AB Holding Unaffiliated holders 
 
 Including both the general partnership and limited partnership interests in AB Holding and AB, EQH and its subsidiaries had an approximate economic interest in AB as of September 30, 2024. 

9 

Index 

 2. 
 
 joint venture holding companies, one outside of North America and one within North America ("NA JV", and together the "JVs"). AB owns a majority interest in the NA JV while SocGen owns a majority interest in the joint venture outside of North America. 
 
 On April 1, 2024, we deconsolidated our Bernstein Research Services ("BRS") business and contributed the BRS business to the JVs. We have recorded our subsequent investment in each of the JVs under the equity method of accounting under ASC 323 Investments Equity Method and Joint Ventures , as we retained the ability to exercise significant influence over the operating and financial policies of the JVs but did not retain a controlling interest. Our investments in companies over which we have the ability to exercise significant influence are accounted for under the equity method and are recorded at cost plus our share of earnings and losses. As of September 30, 2024, we owned of the NA JV and of the joint venture outside of North America and our combined carrying value in the investments was million. The structure of the Board of Directors of the NA JV, which includes independent directors, in addition to directors from AB and directors from SocGen, precludes AB s control of the Board thereby permitting deconsolidation of the BRS business. 

10 

Index 

 3. 
 
 Performance-based fees Bernstein research services (1) 
 Distribution revenues All-in-management fees 12b-1 fees Other distribution fees Other revenues Shareholder servicing fees Other Not subject to contracts with customers: Dividend and interest income, net of broker-dealer related interest expense Investment (losses) ) ) ) ) Other revenues Total net revenues 
 
 (1) On April 1, 2024 AB and Societe Generale, a leading European bank, completed their transaction to form a jointly owned equity research provider and cash equity trading partner for institutional investors. AB has deconsolidated the Bernstein Research Services business and contributed the business to the joint venture. For further discussion, see Note 17 Divestiture. 

4. 

11 

Index 

 Total Cash Paid for AB Holding Units Purchased (1) 
 Open Market Purchases of AB Holding Units Purchased (1) 
 Total Cash Paid for Open Market Purchases of AB Holding Units (1) 
 
 (1) Purchased on a trade date basis. The difference between open-market purchases and units retained reflects the retention of AB Holding Units from employees to fulfill statutory tax withholding requirements at the time of delivery of long-term incentive compensation awards. 
 
 Purchases of AB Holding Units reflected on the condensed consolidated statements of cash flows are net of AB Holding Unit purchases by employees as part of a distribution reinvestment election. 
 
 Each quarter, we consider whether to implement a plan to repurchase AB Holding Units pursuant to Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended ("Exchange Act"). A plan of this type allows a company to repurchase its shares at times when it otherwise might be prevented from doing so because of self-imposed trading blackout periods or because it possesses material non-public information. Each broker we select has the authority under the terms and limitations specified in the plan to repurchase AB Holding Units on our behalf. Repurchases are subject to regulations promulgated by the SEC as well as certain price, market volume and timing constraints specified in the plan. The plan adopted during the third quarter of 2024 expired at the close of business on October 23, 2024. We may adopt plans in the future to engage in open-market purchases of AB Holding Units to help fund anticipated obligations under our incentive compensation award program and for other corporate purposes. 
 
 million and million restricted AB Holding Unit awards, respectively. We use AB Holding Units repurchased during the applicable period and newly-issued AB Holding Units to fund these awards. 

5. 
 
 general partnership interest and dividing the remaining by the basic weighted average number of limited partnership units outstanding for each period. Diluted net income per unit is derived by reducing net income for the general partnership interest and dividing the remaining by the total of the diluted weighted average number of limited partnership units outstanding for each period. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except per unit amounts) Net income attributable to AB Unitholders Weighted average limited partnership units outstanding basic Weighted average limited partnership units outstanding diluted Basic net income per AB Unit Diluted net income per AB Unit 
 anti-dilutive options excluded from diluted net income in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 
 12 

Index 

 6. 

per AB Unit, representing a distribution of Available Cash Flow for the three months ended September 30, 2024. The General Partner, as a result of its general partnership interest, is entitled to receive of each distribution. The distribution is payable on November 21, 2024 to holders of record on November 4, 2024. 

7. 
 
 billion and billion of U.S. Treasury Bills were segregated in a special reserve bank custody account for the exclusive benefit of our brokerage customers under Rule 15c3-3 of the Exchange Act. 

8. 
 
 Seed capital Equities Investments in limited partnership hedge funds: Long-term incentive compensation-related Seed capital Investment in joint ventures Time deposits Other Total investments 
 
 Total investments related to long-term incentive compensation obligations of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, consist of company-sponsored mutual funds and hedge funds. For long-term incentive compensation awards granted before 2009, we typically made investments in company-sponsored mutual funds and hedge funds that were notionally elected by plan participants and maintained them (and continue to maintain them) in a consolidated rabbi trust or separate custodial account. The rabbi trust and custodial account enable us to hold such investments separate from our other assets for the purpose of settling our obligations to participants. The investments held in the rabbi trust and custodial account remain available to the general creditors of AB. 
 
 The underlying investments of hedge funds in which we invest include long and short positions in equity securities, fixed income securities (including various agency and non-agency asset-based securities), currencies, commodities and derivatives (including various swaps and forward contracts). These investments are valued at quoted market prices or, where quoted market prices are not available, are fair valued based on the pricing policies and procedures of the underlying funds. 
 13 

Index 

million and million, respectively. Seed capital investments in unconsolidated company-sponsored investment funds are valued using published net asset values or non-published net asset values if they are not listed on an active exchange but have net asset values that are comparable to funds with published net asset values and have no redemption restrictions. 
 
 On April 1, 2024, we deconsolidated our BRS business and contributed the business to the JVs. We record our subsequent investment in the JVs under the equity method of accounting and our investment in joint ventures includes our investments in these JVs (for further discussion, see Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies and Note 17 Divestitures ). 
 
 ) Less: net gains recognized during the period on equity securities sold during the period Unrealized gains (losses) recognized during the period on equity securities held ) ) 

9. 

14 

Index 

 Currency forwards Interest rate swaps Credit default swaps Total return swaps Option swaps Total derivatives December 31, 2023: Exchange-traded futures Currency forwards Interest rate swaps Credit default swaps Total return swaps Option swaps Total derivatives 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the derivative assets and liabilities are included in both receivables and payables to brokers and dealers on our condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. ) Currency forwards ) ) Interest rate swaps ) ) Credit default swaps ) ) ) ) Total return swaps ) ) ) Option swaps ) ) Net (losses) gains on derivative instruments ) ) ) 
 
 We may be exposed to credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties to derivative financial instruments. We minimize our counterparty exposure through a credit review and approval process. In addition, we have executed various collateral arrangements with counterparties to the over-the-counter derivative transactions that require both pledging and accepting collateral in the form of cash. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we held million and million, respectively, of cash collateral payable to trade counterparties. This obligation to return cash is reported in payables to brokers and dealers in our condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 
 Although notional amount typically is utilized as the measure of volume in the derivatives market, it is not used as a measure of credit risk. Generally, the current credit exposure of our derivative contracts is limited to the net positive estimated fair value of derivative contracts at the reporting date after taking into consideration the existence of netting agreements and any collateral received. A derivative with positive value (a derivative asset) indicates existence of credit 
 15 

Index 

 million and million, respectively, of cash collateral into brokerage accounts. We report this cash collateral in cash and cash equivalents in our condensed consolidated statement of financial condition. 
 
 As a result of the deconsolidation of the BRS business on April 1, 2024, we no longer have long and short exchange-traded equity options. As of December 31, 2023, these equity options were classified as held for sale on our condensed consolidated statement of financial condition. For further discussion, see Note 17 Divestiture . 
 million on equity options activity. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized gains of million and losses of million, respectively, on equity options activity. These gains and losses are recognized in investment gains (losses) in the condensed consolidated statement of income. 
 
 10. 
 
 ) Derivatives ) December 31, 2023: Securities borrowed ) Derivatives ) 
 
 16 

Index 

 ) December 31, 2023: Securities loaned ) Derivatives ) 
 
 Cash collateral, whether pledged or received on derivative instruments, is not considered material and, accordingly, is not disclosed by counterparty. 
 
 11. 

17 

Index 

 Securities segregated (U.S. Treasury Bills) Derivatives Equity securities Other investments Total assets measured at fair value Derivatives Contingent payment arrangements Total liabilities measured at fair value December 31, 2023: Money markets Securities segregated (U.S. Treasury Bills) Derivatives Equity securities Other investments Total assets measured at fair value Derivatives Contingent payment arrangements Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 
 (1) Investments measured at fair value using NAV (or its equivalent) as a practical expedient. 
 
 Other investments included in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy include our investment in a mutual fund measured at fair value million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively). 
 
 We provide below a description of the fair value methodologies used for instruments measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy: 
 
 Money markets : We invest excess cash in various money market funds that are valued based on quoted prices in active markets; these are included in Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. 
 
 Treasury Bills : We hold U.S. Treasury Bills, which are primarily segregated in a special reserve bank custody account as required by Rule 15c3-3 of the Exchange Act. These securities are valued based on quoted yields in secondary markets and are included in Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. 
 
 Equity securities : Our equity securities consist principally of company-sponsored mutual funds with NAVs and various separately-managed portfolios consisting primarily of equity and fixed income mutual funds with quoted prices in active markets, which are included in Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. In addition, some securities are valued based on observable inputs from recognized pricing vendors, which are included in Level 2 of the valuation hierarchy. 
 
 18 

Index 

 transfers between Level 2 and Level 3 securities. 
 Unrealized gains (losses), net ) Balance as of end of period 
 
 Realized and unrealized gains and losses on Level 3 financial instruments are recorded in investment gains and losses in the condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 Our acquisitions may include contingent consideration arrangements as part of the purchase price. 
 Accretion Change in estimate (1) 
 ) ) Payments ) ) Held for sale reclassification ) ) Balance as of end of period 
 
 In the third quarter of 2022 we acquired CarVal which included a contingent consideration liability ranging from to million and is based on CarVal achieving certain performance objectives over a period ending December 31, 2027. The fair value of the contingent liability is remeasured each reporting period. As of September 30, 2024, we remeasured the contingent liability and recorded a gain reflected within contingent payment arrangements in the condensed consolidated statements of income of million. The fair value of the contingent consideration is remeasured using forecasted future cash flows using the Real Options valuation methodology. The most significant assumptions used to remeasure the liability were expected revenue growth rates and discount rates. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, including the CarVal contingent remeasurement, the expected revenue growth rates ranged from ) to , with a weighted average of , calculated using cumulative revenues and range of revenue growth rates. The discount rates range from to , with a weighted average of , calculated using total contingent liabilities and range of discount rates. As of September 30, 2023, the expected revenue growth rates ranged from to , with a weighted average of , calculated using cumulative revenues and a range of revenue growth rates. The discount rates ranged from to , with a weighted average of , calculated using total contingent liabilities and range of discount rates. 
 
 19 

Index 

12. 
 
 million of working capital. As a condition of the credit facility and until SocGen s ownership exceeds of NA JV, AB will provide a limited guarantee under which AB will guarantee up to its percentage ownership, currently , of any unpaid obligations of BIS. As of September 30, 2024, there were no unpaid obligations under this facility requiring a guarantee by AB. 
 
 In addition, in connection with the close of the transaction, AB will indemnify SG Canada for certain obligations and liabilities in relation to SCB Canada until such time as SocGen exceeds ownership of NA JV (the Canadian Regulatory Guarantee ). Under the terms of the Canadian Regulatory Guarantee, SG Canada must guarantee the customer liabilities of SCB Canada to the full extent of its regulatory capital which fluctuates based upon business activity. AB has agreed to indemnify SG Canada for of any amounts paid by SG Canada under the Canadian Regulatory Guarantee. As of September 30, 2024, there were no unpaid obligations requiring a guarantee by AB. 

13. 
 
 to years, some of which include options to extend the leases for up to , and some of which include options to terminate the leases within . 
 20 

Index 

 Operating lease liabilities Lease liabilities Finance Leases Property and equipment, gross Right-of-use assets Amortization of right-of-use assets Right-of-use assets ) ) Property and equipment, net Finance lease liabilities Lease liabilities 
 Financing lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets General and administrative Interest on lease liabilities Interest expense Total finance lease cost Variable lease cost (1) 
 General and administrative Sublease income General and administrative ) ) ) ) Net lease cost 
 (1) Variable lease expense includes operating expenses, real estate taxes and employee parking. 
 The sub-lease income represents all revenues received from sub-tenants. It is primarily fixed base rental payments combined with variable reimbursements such as operating expenses, real estate taxes and employee parking. The vast majority of sub-tenant income is derived from our New York metro sub-tenant agreements. Sub-tenant income related to base rent is recorded on a straight-line basis. 
 21 

Index 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less interest ) ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 We have signed a lease that commenced during the first quarter of 2024, relating to approximately square feet of space in New York City. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, due to our early exit from our previous New York office location, we recorded approximately million of expense in general and administrative expense in the condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 Finance leases Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 Supplemental non-cash activity related to leases was as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (in thousands) Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations (1) : 
 Operating leases Finance leases 
 (1) Represents non-cash activity and, accordingly, is not reflected in the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows. 
 
 14. 
 
 22 

Index 

 Investments Other assets Total assets Liabilities Redeemable non-controlling interest Partners' capital attributable to AB Unitholders Total liabilities, redeemable non-controlling interest and partners' capital 
 During the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, we deconsolidated funds in which we had a seed investment of approximately million as of December 31, 2023, due to no longer having a controlling financial interest. 
 
 Deconsolidated funds ) Changes in third-party seed investments in consolidated funds Redeemable non-controlling interest as of September 30, 2024 

Fair Value 
 Cash and cash equivalents include cash on hand, demand deposits, overnight commercial paper and highly liquid investments with original maturities of three months or less. Due to the short-term nature of these instruments, the recorded value has been determined to approximate fair value. 
 23 

Index 

Investments - VOEs Derivatives - VIEs Total assets measured at fair value Derivatives - VIEs Total liabilities measured at fair value December 31, 2023: Investments - VIEs Investments - VOEs Derivatives - VIEs Derivatives - VOEs Total assets measured at fair value Derivatives - VIEs Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 
 See Note 11 for a description of the fair value methodologies used for instruments measured at fair value, as well as the general classification of such instruments pursuant to the valuation hierarchy. 
 
 Transfers in Unrealized gains, net Balance as of end of period 
 The Level 3 securities primarily consist of corporate bonds that are vendor priced with no ratings available, bank loans, non-agency collateralized mortgage obligations and asset-backed securities. 
 
 Transfers into and out of all levels of the fair value hierarchy are reflected at end-of-period fair values. Realized and unrealized gains and losses on Level 3 financial instruments are recorded in investment gains and losses in the condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 
 24 

Index 

 million and million (net), respectively, of futures, forwards and swaps within their portfolios. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we recognized million of gains and million of losses, respectively, on these derivatives. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized million and million of losses, respectively, on these derivatives. These gains and losses are recognized in investment gains (losses) in the condensed consolidated statements of income. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the VIEs held million and million, respectively, of cash collateral payable to trade counterparties. This obligation to return cash is reported in the liabilities of consolidated company-sponsored investment funds in our condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the VIEs delivered million and million, respectively, of cash collateral into brokerage accounts. The VIEs report this cash collateral in the consolidated company-sponsored investment funds cash and cash equivalents in our condensed consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the VOEs held and million futures, forwards, options or swaps within their portfolios. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, we recognized gains or losses on these derivatives. These gains and losses are recognized in investment gains (losses) in the condensed statements of income. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the VOEs held cash collateral payable to trade counterparties. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the VOEs delivered cash collateral in brokerage accounts. 
 Offsetting Assets and Liabilities 
 ) December 31, 2023: Derivatives - VIEs ) 
 
 25 

Index 

 ) December 31, 2023: Derivatives - VIEs ) 
 
 Cash collateral, whether pledged or received on derivative instruments, is not considered material and, accordingly, is not disclosed by counterparty. 
 Non-Consolidated VIEs 
 As of September 30, 2024, the net assets of company-sponsored investment products that are non-consolidated VIEs are approximately billion, and our maximum risk of loss is our investment of million in these VIEs and our advisory fee receivables from these VIEs is million. As of December 31, 2023, the net assets of company-sponsored investment products that were non-consolidated VIEs was approximately billion; our maximum risk of loss was our investment of million in these VIEs and our advisory fees receivable from these VIEs was million. 
 
 15. 
 
 Units issued Units retired (1) 
 ) Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 
 (1) During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we purchased AB Units in private transactions and retired them. 

16. 
 
 million committed, unsecured senior revolving credit facility (the Credit Facility with a group of commercial banks and other lenders, which matures on October 13, 2026. The Credit Facility provides for possible increases in the principal amount by up to an aggregate incremental amount of million; any such increase is subject to the consent of the affected lenders. The Credit Facility is available for AB and Sanford C. Bernstein Co., LLC ("SCB LLC") business purposes, including the support of AB s commercial paper program. Both AB and SCB LLC can draw directly under the Credit Facility and management may draw on the Credit Facility from time to time. AB has agreed to guarantee the obligations of SCB LLC under the Credit Facility. 
 
 The Credit Facility contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants, which are customary for facilities of this type, including restrictions on dispositions of assets, restrictions on liens, a minimum interest coverage ratio and a maximum leverage ratio. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with these covenants. The Credit Facility also includes customary events of default (with customary grace periods, as applicable), including provisions under which, upon the occurrence of an event of default, all outstanding loans may be accelerated and/or lender s commitments may be terminated. Also, under such provisions, upon the occurrence of certain insolvency- or bankruptcy-related events of default, all amounts payable under the Credit Facility would automatically become immediately due and payable, and the lender s commitments automatically would terminate. 
 26 

Index 

amounts outstanding under the Credit Facility. Furthermore, during the first nine months of 2024 and the full year 2023, we did draw upon the Credit Facility. 
 
 EQH Facility 
 AB also has a million committed, unsecured senior credit facility EQH Facility with EQH. The EQH Facility was amended and restated as of August 30, 2024, extending the maturity date to August 31, 2029. There were no other significant changes included in the amendment. The EQH facility is available for AB's general business purposes. Borrowings under the EQH Facility generally bear interest at a rate per annum based on prevailing overnight commercial paper rates. 
 
 The EQH Facility contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants which are substantially similar to those in AB s committed bank facilities. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with these covenants. The EQH Facility also includes customary events of default substantially similar to those in AB s committed bank facilities, including provisions under which, upon the occurrence of an event of default, all outstanding loans may be accelerated and/or the lender s commitment may be terminated. 
 
 Amounts under the EQH Facility may be borrowed, repaid and re-borrowed by us from time to time until the maturity of the facility. AB or EQH may reduce or terminate the commitment at any time without penalty upon proper notice. EQH also may terminate the facility immediately upon a change of control of our general partner. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, AB had million and million outstanding under the EQH Facility, respectively, with interest rates of approximately and , respectively. Average daily borrowings on the EQH Facility for the first nine months of 2024 and the full year 2023 were million and million, respectively, with weighted average interest rates of approximately and , respectively. 
 
 EQH Uncommitted Facility 
 In addition to the EQH Facility, AB has a million uncommitted, unsecured senior credit facility EQH Uncommitted Facility with EQH. The EQH Uncommitted Facility was amended and restated as of August 30, 2024, extending the maturity date to August 31, 2029. There were no other significant changes included in the amendment. The EQH Uncommitted facility is available for AB's general business purposes. Borrowings under the EQH Uncommitted Facility generally bear interest at a rate per annum based on prevailing overnight commercial paper rates. The EQH Uncommitted Facility contains affirmative, negative and financial covenants which are substantially similar to those in the EQH Facility. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with these covenants. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 we had amounts outstanding on the EQH Uncommitted Facility. During the first nine months of 2024, we did draw upon the EQH Uncommitted Facility. Average daily borrowing for the full year 2023 were million with a weighted average interest rate of approximately . 
 
 Commercial Paper 
 As of September 30, 2024 we had commercial paper outstanding. As of December 31, 2023, we had million of commercial paper outstanding with an interest rate of . The commercial paper is short term in nature, and as such, recorded value is estimated to approximate fair value (and considered a Level 2 security in the fair value hierarchy). Average daily borrowings of commercial paper during the first nine months of 2024 and full year 2023 were million and million, respectively, with weighted average interest rates of approximately and , respectively. 
 
 SCB Lines of Credit 
 SCB LLC had uncommitted lines of credit, of which matured during the third quarter of 2024. As of September 30, 2024, SCB LLC has uncommitted lines of credit with financial institutions. of these lines of credit permit us to borrow up to an aggregate of approximately million, with AB named as an additional borrower, while the other line has no stated limit. AB has agreed to guarantee the obligations on SCB LLC under these lines of credit. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, SCB LLC had outstanding balance on these lines of credit. Average daily 
 27 

Index 

 million and million, respectively, with weighted average interest rates of approximately and , respectively. 

17. 
 
 interest in the global joint venture and SocGen would own a interest, with an option to reach ownership after . 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2023, AB and SocGen negotiated a revised plan (the "Revised Plan") to form a global joint venture with joint venture holding companies, one outside of North America and one within North America ("NA JV", and together the "JVs"). Effective April 1, 2024, AB and SocGen completed their previously announced transaction in accordance with the Revised Plan. AB owns a majority interest in the NA JV while SocGen owns a majority interest in the joint venture outside of North America. While AB currently owns a majority of the NA JV, the structure of the Board of Directors of the NA JV, which includes independent directors, in addition to directors from AB and directors from SocGen, precludes AB s control of the Board thereby permitting deconsolidation of the BRS business. Going forward, AB will maintain an equity method investment in each of the JVs and report on the performance of the JV holding companies on a combined basis. 
 
 As a result of the greater value of the business AB contributed to the JVs, SocGen paid AB million in cash to equalize the value of the contributions by AB and SocGen to the JVs. The cash payment of million included million of prepaid consideration for an option, exercisable by AB during the next , that would result in SocGen having a ownership of the NA JV (the "AB option") and bringing the transaction ownership terms back in line with the Initial Plan. AB's option may only be exercised upon receipt of appropriate regulatory approvals. The million cash payment was used to pay down debt under AB s existing credit facilities. 
 
 Under the terms of the transaction and assuming AB exercises its option as noted above, SocGen would increase its ownership to a majority interest of the NA JV, without further consideration payable. AB has an additional option to sell its ownership interests in the JVs to SocGen after five years, at the fair market value of AB s interests in the JVs, subject to regulatory approval. The ultimate objective of SocGen and AB is for SocGen to eventually own of the JVs after . 
 
 AB has deconsolidated the BRS business and retained the Bernstein Private Wealth Management business within its existing U.S. broker dealer, SCB LLC. AB s Private Wealth Management business continues to operate through SCB LLC and SCB LLC continues to serve as custodian for nearly all Private Wealth assets under management. AB continues to serve as investment adviser to these Private Wealth clients. Further , we entered into certain transition services agreements with the JVs in connection with the divestiture of the BRS business. From April 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024 we provided services and recognized revenues of million associated with these transition services agreements. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 we recognized million in revenues associated with these transaction services agreements. 
 
 28 

Index 

 million and consisted of the following: 
 
 April 1, 2024 (in thousands) Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net: Brokers and dealers Brokerage clients Other fees Investments Furniture and equipment, net Other assets Right-of-use assets Intangible assets Goodwill Total assets sold Payables: Brokers and dealers Brokerage clients AP and Accrued Expenses Other liabilities Accrued compensation and benefits Debt Total liabilities sold 
 
 million during the second quarter of 2024, calculated as follows: 
 
 April 1, 2024 (in thousands) Cash proceeds Fair value of equity interest in the JVs Net carrying amount of assets and liabilities divested ) Consideration for future put option to be exercised by AB ) Cumulative translation losses ) Reorganization costs ) Pre-tax gain on divestiture 

We deconsolidated approximately million of net assets and liabilities of the BRS business and contributed those assets and liabilities to the JVs. We recorded an initial investment in the JVs, at fair value of million. The fair value of the equity method investments was determined using a dividend discount model whereby a forecast of net banking income attributable to each of the JVs is discounted using an estimated cost of capital to determine the present value of expected future dividends. 
 
 29 

Index 

 million, based on the negotiated terms of the Revised Plan, related to the AB option. Upon receipt of appropriate regulatory approvals, AB intends to exercise the AB option and will recognize a gain or loss at that time, dependent upon the fair market value of the additional equity interest that would result in SocGen having ownership interest in NA JV. For discussion on our accounting policy related to investments in unconsolidated joint ventures, see Note 2 Significant Accounting Policies. 
 
 The net cash contributed at transaction close from the divestiture of the BRS business as presented under Cash Flows from Investing Activities represents the cash portion of the sale consideration, which was determined as the fair value of the sale consideration, adjusted by the cash transferred to the joint ventures and direct costs to sell. 
 Initial cash contributed to joint ventures from transferring balance sheet ) Direct costs to sell ) Cash outflow from divestiture ) 
 
 Included in the initial cash contribution to the joint ventures is approximately million of prefunded cash received from SocGen in advance of closing due to certain banking holidays in the U.S. and internationally. The million was included in held for sale cash as of March 31, 2024 with an offsetting liability recorded in accounts payable and accrued expenses in held for sale liabilities on the condensed consolidated statement of financial condition. At transaction close, AB contributed this cash to the joint ventures on behalf of SocGen. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 the assets and liabilities of AB's research services business the disposal group were classified as held for sale on the condensed consolidated statement of financial condition and recorded at fair value, less cost to sell. As a result of classifying these assets as held for sale, we recognized a cumulative non-cash valuation adjustment of million as o f December 31, 2023, respectively, to recognize the net carrying value at lower of cost or fair value, less estimated costs to sell. 

30 

Index 

 Receivables, net: Brokers and dealers Brokerage clients Other fees Investments Furniture and equipment, net Other assets Right-of-use assets Intangible assets Goodwill Valuation adjustment (allowance) on disposal group ) Total assets held for sale Payables: Brokers and dealers Brokerage clients Other liabilities Accrued compensation and benefits Total liabilities held for sale 
 As of December 31, 2023, cash and cash equivalents classified as held for sale included in the condensed consolidated statement of cash flows was million. 
 We have determined that the exit from the sell-side research business did not represent a strategic shift that has had, or is likely to have a major effect on our consolidated results of operations. Accordingly, we did not classify the disposal group as discontinued operations. The results of operations of the disposal group up to the respective date of sale were included in our consolidated results of operations for all periods presented. The lower of amortized cost or fair value adjustment upon transferring these assets to held for sale was not material. 
 
 31 

Index 

 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 Executive Overview 
 Our total assets under management AUM as of September 30, 2024 were 805.9 billion, up 36.4 billion, or 4.7 , compared to June 30, 2024, and up 136.9 billion, or 20.5 , compared to September 30, 2023. During the third quarter of 2024, AUM increased due to market appreciation of 35.3 billion and net inflows of 1.1 billion (Retail net inflows of 5.4 billion and Private Wealth net inflows of 0.1 billion, offset by Institutional net outflows of 4.4 billion). 
 
 Institutional AUM increased 12.5 billion, or 3.9 , to 335.2 billion during the third quarter of 2024, primarily due to market appreciation of 16.8 billion, offset by net outflows of 4.4 billion. Gross sales increased sequentially to 4.2 billion from 3.3 billion in the second quarter of 2024. Redemptions and terminations increased sequentially from 3.5 billion to 4.1 billion. 
 
 Retail AUM increased 18.1 billion, or 5.7 , to 334.5 billion during the third quarter of 2024, primarily due to market appreciation of 12.8 billion and net inflows of 5.4 billion. Gross sales increased sequentially from 23.2 billion during the second quarter of 2024 to 26.6 billion during the third quarter of 2024. Redemptions and terminations increased sequentially from 16.7 billion to 17.7 billion. 
 
 Private Wealth AUM increased 5.8 billion, or 4.4 , to 136.2 billion during the third quarter of 2024, due to market appreciation of 5.7 billion and net inflows of 0.1 billion. Gross sales decreased sequentially from 5.4 billion during the second quarter of 2024 to 4.7 billion during the third quarter of 2024. Redemptions and terminations decreased sequentially from 5.5 billion to 4.6 billion. 
 
 Bernstein Research Services revenue for the third quarter of 2024 decreased 93.9 million, or 100.0 , compared to the third quarter of 2023. The decrease was due to the deconsolidation of the Bernstein Research Services ("BRS") business and contribution of the business to the joint ventures, effective April 1, 2024. For further discussion, see Note 17, Divestiture to our condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Item 1. 
 
 Net revenues for the third quarter of 2024 increased 53.4 million, or 5.2 , to 1.1 billion, compared to the third quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher investment advisory base fees of 92.7 million, higher distribution revenues of 40.2 million, higher other revenues of 15.2 million primarily due certain reimbursements for services provided to the joint ventures and lower investment losses of 3.2 million, partially offset by lower Bernstein Research Services revenue of 93.9 million due to the deconsolidation of the BRS business and lower net dividend and interest income of 4.7 million. 
 
 Operating expenses for the third quarter of 2024 decreased 136.6 million, or 15.9 , to 720.2 million from 856.8 million in the third quarter of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a contingent payment arrangement gain of 128.5 million, lower employee compensation and benefits expense of 28.7 million and lower interest on borrowings of 4.8 million, partially offset by higher promotion and servicing expense of 28.1 million and higher general and administrative expense of 10.4 million. The contingent payment arrangement gain was recognized in connection with the fair value remeasurement related to our contingent payment liability associated with our acquisition of AB CarVal in 2022. 
 
 Operating income increased 190.0 million, or 108.4 , to 365.3 million from 175.3 million in the third quarter of 2023 and our operating margin increased to 33.2 in the third quarter of 2024 from 17.2 in the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Market Environment 
 
 U.S. Equities 
 US Equity Markets registered solid gains in the third quarter, after overcoming initial concerns around monetary policy, the labor market and return on investment from increased capital expenditure on artificial intelligence. As the quarter progressed, relative resilience in corporate earnings and increased certainty of monetary easing resulted in improved sentiment, with the S P 500 ending 5.9 higher in the third quarter of 2024. All sectors aside from Energy posted positive returns with Utilities and Real Estate leading the way, while Technology was up only slightly. Sector rotation resulted in broader participation in equity gains, with the equal-weighted S P 500 returning 9.6 . Segments of the market that were previously shunned rebounded in the third quarter, with the S P 500 Value index outperforming the S P 500 Growth index at 9.1 compared to 3.7 . Small Caps (market capitalization ranges between 250 million to 2 billion) also outperformed Large Caps (market capitalization ranges above 10 billion), with the Russell 2000 returning 9.3 compared to the S P 500 at 5.9 . 
 
 32 

Index 

 Global and Non-U.S. Equities 
 Eurozone equities also closed higher in the third quarter with the MSCI Eurozone index returning 3.1 in local currency terms. The European Central Bank kept interest rates on hold in July and delivered a 25 basis point rate cut in September due to a softening of inflation. Similar to U.S. Equities, a rotation into previously out-of-favor sectors such as Real Estate, Utilities and Healthcare sectors led the advance. UK equities also posted moderate gains in the third quarter, following the Bank of England's first rate cut in four years and a newly-elected government boosting confidence in economic growth prospects. Japan Equities experienced high volatility in the third quarter, reaching a new high in July before correcting sharply in early August due to weaker U.S. economic data and the Bank of Japan increasing the interest rate, resulting in a negative 4.4 total return for the Tokyo Price Index. Asia ex-Japan equities posted strong gains, led primarily by China where new stimulus measures boosted sentiment. Emerging markets continued to outperformed their Developed counterparts in the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Global Bonds 
 In the third quarter, major central banks kick-started an interest rate cutting cycle, resulting in lower yields and hence higher prices across most government and corporate bonds. The Fed decision to cut rates by 50 basis points was prompted by a decline in non-farm payrolls, a higher unemployment rate and a drop in inflation. This led to a weaker dollar and a substantial drop in U.S. Treasury yields by 110 basis points, with a steeper yield curve reflecting the outlook for lower interest rate policy. On the corporate bond front, U.S. investment grade performed strongly although global high yield still outperformed global investment grade. The Bloomberg US Aggregate Bond index returned 5.2 in USD terms, reflecting capital appreciation, interest payments and USD weakening. 
 
 Relationship with EQH and its Subsidiaries 
 
 EQH (our parent company) and its subsidiaries are our largest client. EQH is collaborating with AB in order to improve the risk-adjusted yield for the General Accounts of EQH's insurance subsidiaries by investing additional assets at AB, including the utilization of AB's higher-fee, longer-duration alternative offerings. In mid-2021, Equitable Financial Life Insurance Company, a subsidiary of EQH ("Equitable Financial"), agreed to provide an initial 10 billion in permanent capital to build out AB's private illiquid offerings, including private alternatives and private placements. Deployment of the initial 10 billion in permanent capital is now complete. In addition, during the second quarter of 2023, EQH committed to provide an additional 10 billion in permanent capital, deployment of which has begun. We expect this anticipated capital from EQH's insurance subsidiaries will continue to accelerate both organic and inorganic growth in our private alternatives business, allowing us to continue to deliver for our clients, employees, unitholders and other stakeholders. For example, included in the initial 10 billion commitment by EQH is 750 million in capital deployed through AB CarVal. 
 
 Permanent capital means investment capital of indefinite duration, for which commitments may be withdrawn under certain conditions. Such conditions primarily include potential regulatory restrictions, lacking sufficient liquidity to fund the capital commitments to AB and AB's inability to identify attractive investment opportunities which align with the investment strategy. Although EQH s insurance subsidiaries have indicated their intention over time to provide this investment capital to AB, they have no binding commitment to do so. While the withdrawal of their commitment could potentially slow down our introduction of certain products, the impact to our overall operations would not be material. 
 
 Joint Venture with Societe Generale 
 
 Effective April 1, 2024, AB and Societe Generale ("SocGen") completed their previously announced transaction to form a global joint venture with two joint venture holding companies, one outside of North America and one within North America ("NA JV", and together the "JVs"). AB owns a majority interest in the NA JV while SocGen owns a majority interest in the joint venture outside of North America. AB has deconsolidated the BRS business and retained the Bernstein Private Wealth Management business within its existing U.S. broker dealer Sanford C. Bernstein Co., LLC. For further discussion, see Note 17 Divestiture to our condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Item 1. 

33 

Index 

 Assets Under Management 
 
 Assets under management by distribution channel are as follows: 
 As of September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in billions) Institutions 335.2 296.9 38.3 12.9 Retail 334.5 259.2 75.3 29.0 Private Wealth 136.2 112.9 23.3 20.7 Total 805.9 669.0 136.9 20.5 
 
 Assets under management by investment service are as follows: 
 As of September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change (in billions) Equity Actively Managed 271.3 226.8 44.5 19.6 Passively Managed (1) 
 68.9 56.0 12.9 22.9 Total Equity 340.2 282.8 57.4 20.3 Fixed Income Actively Managed Taxable (3) 
 216.2 195.0 21.2 10.8 Tax exempt 71.2 55.6 15.6 28.1 287.4 250.6 36.8 14.7 Passively Managed (1) 
 11.4 9.4 2.0 21.9 Total Fixed Income 298.8 260.0 38.8 14.9 Alternatives/Multi-Asset Solutions (2)(3) 
 Actively Managed 155.9 118.6 37.3 31.4 Passively Managed (1) 
 11.0 7.6 3.4 44.7 Total Alternatives/Multi-Asset Solutions 166.9 126.2 40.7 32.2 Total 805.9 669.0 136.9 20.5 
 
 (1) Includes index and enhanced index services. 
 (2) Includes certain multi-asset solutions and services not included in equity or fixed income services. 
 (3) Approximately 12.1 billion of private placements was transferred from Taxable Fixed Income into Alternatives/Multi-Asset during the three months ended September 30, 2024 to better align with standard industry practice for asset class reporting purposes. 

34 

Index 

Changes in assets under management for the three-month, nine-month and twelve-month periods ended September 30, 2024 are as follows: 
 
 Distribution Channel Institutions Retail Private Wealth Total (in billions) Balance as of June 30, 2024 322.7 316.4 130.4 769.5 Long-term flows: Sales/new accounts 4.2 26.6 4.7 35.5 Redemptions/terminations (4.1) (17.7) (4.6) (26.4) Cash flow/unreinvested dividends (4.5) (3.5) (8.0) Net long-term (outflows) inflows (4.4) 5.4 0.1 1.1 Transfers 0.1 (0.1) Market appreciation 16.8 12.8 5.7 35.3 Net change 12.5 18.1 5.8 36.4 Balance as of September 30, 2024 335.2 334.5 136.2 805.9 Balance as of December 31, 2023 317.1 286.8 121.3 725.2 Long-term flows: Sales/new accounts 10.9 73.5 15.6 100.0 Redemptions/terminations (11.0) (51.2) (15.0) (77.2) Cash flow/unreinvested dividends (10.3) (10.0) (20.3) Net long-term (outflows) inflows (10.4) 12.3 0.6 2.5 Transfers 0.1 (0.1) Market appreciation 28.4 35.5 14.3 78.2 Net change 18.1 47.7 14.9 80.7 Balance as of September 30, 2024 335.2 334.5 136.2 805.9 Balance as of September 30, 2023 296.9 259.2 112.9 669.0 Long-term flows: Sales/new accounts 13.9 94.5 19.9 128.3 Redemptions/terminations (13.6) (67.9) (19.9) (101.4) Cash flow/unreinvested dividends (13.2) (13.0) (26.2) Net long-term (outflows) inflows (12.9) 13.6 0.7 Transfers 0.1 (0.1) Market appreciation 51.1 61.8 23.3 136.2 Net change 38.3 75.3 23.3 136.9 Balance as of September 30, 2024 335.2 334.5 136.2 805.9 

35 

Index 

 Investment Service Equity Actively Managed Equity 
 Passively 
 Managed (1) 
 Fixed Income Actively Managed - Taxable Fixed Income Actively Managed - Tax- Exempt Fixed 
 Income 
 Passively 
 Managed (1) 
 Alternatives/ Multi-Asset Solutions (2) 
 Total (in billions) Balance as of June 30, 2024 264.4 65.8 216.0 66.2 11.0 146.1 769.5 Long-term flows: Sales/new accounts 13.0 0.2 11.6 5.6 5.1 35.5 Redemptions/terminations (12.6) (0.1) (9.2) (2.4) (0.1) (2.0) (26.4) Cash flow/unreinvested dividends (4.9) (1.2) 0.3 0.1 (0.2) (2.1) (8.0) Net long-term (outflows) inflows (4.5) (1.1) 2.7 3.3 (0.3) 1.0 1.1 Transfers (3) 
 (12.1) 12.1 Market appreciation 11.4 4.2 9.6 1.7 0.7 7.7 35.3 Net change 6.9 3.1 0.2 5.0 0.4 20.8 36.4 Balance as of September 30, 2024 271.3 68.9 216.2 71.2 11.4 166.9 805.9 Balance as of December 31, 2023 247.5 62.1 208.6 61.1 11.4 134.5 725.2 Long-term flows: Sales/new accounts 37.2 1.2 34.0 15.7 11.9 100.0 Redemptions/terminations (40.4) (0.3) (23.5) (7.9) (0.2) (4.9) (77.2) Cash flow/unreinvested dividends (13.6) (6.1) 1.2 0.3 (0.2) (1.9) (20.3) Net long-term (outflows) inflows (16.8) (5.2) 11.7 8.1 (0.4) 5.1 2.5 Transfers (3) 
 (12.1) 12.1 Market appreciation 40.6 12.0 8.0 2.0 0.4 15.2 78.2 Net change 23.8 6.8 7.6 10.1 32.4 80.7 Balance as of September 30, 2024 271.3 68.9 216.2 71.2 11.4 166.9 805.9 Balance as of September 30, 2023 226.8 56.0 195.0 55.6 9.4 126.2 669.0 Long-term flows: Sales/new accounts 46.5 1.4 44.3 21.2 1.2 13.7 128.3 Redemptions/terminations (51.4) (0.4) (31.9) (11.6) (0.3) (5.8) (101.4) Cash flow/unreinvested dividends (16.9) (6.7) (0.1) 0.4 (0.1) (2.8) (26.2) Net long-term (outflows) inflows (21.8) (5.7) 12.3 10.0 0.8 5.1 0.7 Transfers (3) 
 (12.1) 12.1 Market appreciation 66.3 18.6 21.0 5.6 1.2 23.5 136.2 Net change 44.5 12.9 21.2 15.6 2.0 40.7 136.9 Balance as of September 30, 2024 271.3 68.9 216.2 71.2 11.4 166.9 805.9 
 (1) Includes index and enhanced index services. 
 (2) Includes certain multi-asset solutions and services not included in equity or fixed income services 
 (3) Approximately 12.1 billion of private placements was transferred from Taxable Fixed Income into Alternatives/Multi-Asset during the three months ended September 30, 2024 to better align with standard industry practice for asset class reporting purposes. 
 36 

Index 

 Net long-term inflows (outflows) for actively managed investment services as compared to passively managed investment services for the three-month, nine-month and twelve-month periods ended September 30, 2024 are as follows: 
 Periods Ended September 30, 2024 Three-months Nine-months Twelve-months (in billions) Actively Managed Equity (4.5) (16.8) (21.8) Fixed Income 6.0 19.8 22.3 Alternatives/Multi-Asset Solutions 0.7 4.2 3.9 2.2 7.2 4.4 Passively Managed Equity (1.1) (5.2) (5.7) Fixed Income 
 (0.3) (0.4) 0.8 Alternatives/Multi-Asset Solutions 0.3 0.9 1.2 (1.1) (4.7) (3.7) Total net long-term inflows 1.1 2.5 0.7 
 
 Average assets under management by distribution channel and investment service are as follows: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (in billions) (in billions) Distribution Channel: Institutions 328.4 307.0 21.4 7.0 321.8 305.1 16.7 5.5 Retail 324.4 266.8 57.6 21.6 309.3 259.2 50.1 19.3 Private Wealth 133.1 115.8 17.3 14.9 128.2 112.9 15.3 13.5 Total 785.9 689.6 96.3 14.0 759.3 677.2 82.1 12.1 Investment Service: Equity Actively Managed 267.2 235.8 31.4 13.3 259.6 230.7 28.9 12.5 Equity Passively Managed (1) 
 67.3 59.3 8.0 13.4 65.0 57.5 7.5 13.2 Fixed Income Actively Managed Taxable (3) 
 212.3 200.3 12.0 6.0 211.0 197.9 13.1 6.6 Fixed Income Actively Managed Tax-exempt 68.6 56.3 12.3 21.8 65.3 55.2 10.1 18.2 Fixed Income Passively Managed (1) 
 11.3 9.4 1.9 19.9 11.2 9.5 1.7 18.0 Alternatives/Multi-Asset Solutions (2)(3) 
 159.2 128.5 30.7 23.9 147.2 126.4 20.8 16.4 Total 785.9 689.6 96.3 14.0 759.3 677.2 82.1 12.1 
 
 (1) Includes index and enhanced index services. 
 (2) Includes certain multi-asset solutions and services not included in equity of fixed income services. 
 (3) Approximately 12.1 billion of private placements was transferred from Taxable Fixed Income into Alternatives/Multi-Asset during the three months ended September 30, 2024 to better align with standard industry practice for asset class reporting purposes. 
 37 

Index 

 Our Institutional channel third quarter average AUM of 328.4 billion increased 21.4 billion, or 7.0 , compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to ending AUM increasing 38.3 billion, or 12.9 , to 335.2 billion from September 30, 2023. The 38.3 billion increase in AUM resulted primarily from market appreciation of 51.1 billion, offset by net outflows of 12.9 billion. 
 Our Retail channel third quarter average AUM of 324.4 billion increased 57.6 billion, or 21.6 , compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to ending AUM increasing 75.3 billion, or 29.0 , to 334.5 billion from September 30, 2023. The 75.3 billion increase resulted primarily from market appreciation of 61.8 billion and net inflows of 13.6 billion. 
 Our Private Wealth channel third quarter average AUM of 133.1 billion increased 17.3 billion, or 14.9 , compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to ending AUM increasing 23.3 billion, or 20.7 , to 136.2 billion from September 30, 2023. The 23.3 billion increase resulted from market appreciation of 23.3 billion. 
 Absolute investment composite returns, gross of fees, and relative performance as of September 30, 2024 compared to benchmarks for certain representative Institutional equity and fixed income services are as follows: 
 1-Year 3-Year (1) 
 5-Year (1) 
 Income (fixed income) Absolute return 14.6 0.9 2.3 Relative return (vs. Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index) 3.1 2.3 2.0 High Income (fixed income) Absolute return 17.0 3.7 4.5 Relative return (vs. Bloomberg Barclays Global High Yield Index - Hedged) (1.1) 0.4 0.2 Global Plus - Hedged (fixed income) Absolute return 11.3 (0.2) 0.9 Relative return (vs. Bloomberg Barclays Global Aggregate Index - Hedged) 0.6 0.3 Intermediate Municipal Bonds (fixed income) Absolute return 8.5 1.3 2.0 Relative return (vs. Lipper Short/Int. Blended Muni Fund Avg) 1.0 0.6 0.7 U.S. Strategic Core Plus (fixed income) Absolute return 13.3 (0.8) 1.0 Relative return (vs. Bloomberg Barclays U.S. Aggregate Index) 1.7 0.6 0.6 Emerging Market Debt (fixed income) Absolute return 22.0 0.1 2.0 Relative return (vs. JPM EMBI Global/JPM EMBI) 4.0 0.2 0.8 Sustainable Global Thematic Absolute return 27.1 2.3 13.4 Relative return (vs. MSCI ACWI Index) (4.6) (5.8) 1.2 International Strategic Core Equity Absolute return 31.7 7.1 8.2 Relative return (vs. MSCI EAFE Index) 6.9 1.7 U.S. Small Mid Cap Value Absolute return 27.7 6.2 11.1 Relative return (vs. Russell 2500 Value Index) 1.1 0.2 1.2 
 38 

Index 

 1-Year 3-Year (1) 
 5-Year (1) 
 U.S. Large Cap Value Absolute return 28.7 12.4 12.9 Relative return (vs. Russell 1000 Value Index) 1.0 3.4 2.2 U.S. Small Cap Growth Absolute return 32.3 (3.6) 11.2 Relative return (vs. Russell 2000 Growth Index) 4.7 (3.3) 2.4 U.S. Large Cap Growth Absolute return 38.2 9.7 17.9 Relative return (vs. Russell 1000 Growth Index) (4.0) (2.3) (1.8) U.S. Small Mid Cap Growth Absolute return 31.6 (2.3) 11.4 Relative return (vs. Russell 2500 Growth Index) 6.4 (1.6) 1.7 Concentrated U.S. Growth Absolute return 28.4 5.5 12.8 Relative return (vs. S P 500 Index) (7.9) (6.4) (3.2) Select U.S. Equity Absolute return 37.8 12.9 16.8 Relative return (vs. S P 500 Index) 1.4 0.9 0.8 Strategic Equities Absolute return 36.8 11.0 15.4 Relative return (vs. Russell 3000 Index) 1.6 0.7 0.1 Global Core Equity Absolute return 30.8 7.5 11.4 Relative return (vs. MSCI ACWI Index) (1.7) (1.6) (1.7) U.S. Strategic Core Equity Absolute return 32.1 13.0 13.6 Relative return (vs. S P 500 Index) (4.2) 1.1 (2.3) Select U.S. Equity Long/Short Absolute return 25.6 9.0 11.3 Relative return (vs. S P 500 Index) (10.7) (2.9) (4.6) Global Strategic Core Equity Absolute return 29.2 10.9 11.6 Relative return (vs. S P 500 Index) (3.2) 1.8 (1.4) 

(1) Reflects annualized returns. 
 39 

Index 

 Consolidated Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands, except per unit amounts) Net revenues 1,085,489 1,032,056 53,433 5.2 3,217,583 3,064,603 152,980 5.0 Expenses 720,208 856,806 (136,598) (15.9) 2,411,016 2,485,432 (74,416) (3.0) Operating income 365,281 175,250 190,031 108.4 806,567 579,171 227,396 39.3 Non-operating income n/m 134,555 134,555 n/m Pre-tax income 365,281 175,250 190,031 108.4 941,122 579,171 361,951 62.5 Income taxes 14,255 10,010 4,245 42.4 50,389 31,253 19,136 61.2 Net income 351,026 165,240 185,786 112.4 890,733 547,918 342,815 62.6 Net income of consolidated entities attributable to non-controlling interests 5,054 (2,164) 7,218 n/m 17,262 10,626 6,636 62.5 Net income attributable to AB Unitholders 345,972 167,404 178,568 106.7 873,471 537,292 336,179 62.6 Diluted net income per AB Unit 1.20 0.58 0.62 106.9 3.02 1.86 1.16 62.4 Distributions per AB Unit 0.85 0.73 0.12 16.4 2.45 2.15 0.30 14.0 Operating margin (1) 
 33.2 17.2 24.5 18.6 
 
 (1) Operating income excluding net income (loss) attributable to non-controlling interests as a percentage of net revenues. 

Net income attributable to AB Unitholders for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 178.6 million, or 106.7 , from the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase primarily is due to (in millions): 
 Higher gain on adjustment of contingent payment arrangement (1) 
 141.3 Higher base advisory fees 92.7 Higher distribution revenues 40.2 Lower employee compensation and benefits expense 28.7 Higher other revenues 15.2 Lower Bernstein Services Research revenues (2) 
 (93.9) Higher promotion and servicing expenses (28.1) Higher general and administrative expenses (10.4) Higher net gain of consolidated entities attributable to non-controlling interest (7.2) Other 0.1 178.6 

40 

Index 

 Net income attributable to AB Unitholders for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 336.2 million, or 62.6 , from the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase primarily is due to (in millions): 
 Higher base advisory fees 225.2 Higher gain on remeasurement of contingent payment arrangement (1) 
 141.1 Higher gain on divestiture 134.6 Higher distribution revenues 92.9 Higher other revenues 28.8 Higher performance-based fees 19.4 Lower employee compensation and benefits expense 14.9 Lower Bernstein Services Research revenues (2) 
 (189.5) Higher promotion and servicing expenses (81.9) Higher income taxes (19.1) Higher investment losses (14.6) Lower net dividend and interest income (9.1) Higher net gain of consolidated entities attributable to non-controlling interest (6.6) Higher general and administrative expenses (4.4) Other 4.5 336.2 
 
 Units Outstanding; Unit Repurchases 
 
 Each quarter, we consider whether to implement a plan to repurchase AB Holding Units pursuant to Rules 10b5-1 and 10b-18 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ). A plan of this type allows a company to repurchase its shares at times when it otherwise might be prevented from doing so because of self-imposed trading blackout periods or because it possesses material non-public information. Each broker we select has the authority to repurchase AB Holding Units on our behalf in accordance with the terms and limitations specified in the plan. Repurchases are subject to regulations promulgated by the SEC, as well as certain price, market volume and timing constraints specified in the plan. The plan adopted during the third quarter of 2024 expired at the close of business on October 23, 2024. We may adopt plans in the future to engage in open-market purchases of AB Holding Units to help fund anticipated obligations under our incentive compensation award program and for other corporate purposes. 
 
 (1) During the three months ended September 30, 2024 we recognized a gain of 128.5 million in contingent payment arrangements in the condensed consolidated statement of income related to a fair value remeasurement of the contingent payment liability associated with our acquisition of AB Carval in 2022. 
 
 (2) On April 1, 2024 AB and SocGen, a leading European bank, completed their transaction to form a jointly owned equity research provider and cash equity trading partner for institutional investors. AB has deconsolidated the BRS business and contributed the business to the JVs. For further discussion, see Note 17 Divestiture to our condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Item 1 and Executive Overview in Item 2. 
 
 Cash Distributions 
 
 We are required to distribute all of our Available Cash Flow, as defined in the AB Partnership Agreement, to our Unitholders and the General Partner. Available Cash Flow typically is the adjusted diluted net income per unit for the quarter multiplied by the number of general and limited partnership interests at the end of the quarter. In future periods, management anticipates that Available Cash Flow will continue to be based on adjusted diluted net income per unit, unless management determines, with concurrence of the Board of Directors, that one or more adjustments that are made for adjusted net income should not be made with respect to the Available Cash Flow calculation. See Note 6 to our condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Item 1 for a description of Available Cash Flow. 
 
 Management Operating Metrics 
 
 We are providing the non-GAAP measures adjusted net revenues, adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin because they are the principal operating metrics management uses in evaluating and comparing period-to-period operating performance. Management principally uses these metrics in evaluating performance because they present a clearer 
 41 

Index 

 picture of our operating performance and allow management to see long-term trends without the distortion primarily caused by long-term incentive compensation-related mark-to-market adjustments, acquisition-related expenses, interest expense and other adjustment items. Similarly, we believe that these management operating metrics help investors better understand the underlying trends in our results and, accordingly, provide a valuable perspective for investors. 
 
 We provide the non-GAAP measures "adjusted net income" and "adjusted diluted net income per unit" because our quarterly distribution per unit is typically our adjusted diluted net income per unit (which is derived from adjusted net income). 
 
 These non-GAAP measures are provided in addition to, and not as substitutes for, net revenues, operating income and operating 
 margin, and they may not be comparable to non-GAAP measures presented by other companies. Management uses both accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America ("US GAAP") and non-GAAP measures in evaluating our financial performance. The non-GAAP measures alone may pose limitations because they do not include all of our revenues and expenses. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands, except per unit amounts) Net revenues, US GAAP basis 1,085,489 1,032,056 3,217,583 3,064,603 Adjustments: Distribution-related adjustments: Distribution revenues (189,216) (149,049) (527,811) (434,925) Investment advisory services fees (18,017) (16,156) (57,457) (45,619) Pass-through adjustments: Investment advisory services fees (12,256) (14,567) (39,256) (35,376) Other revenues (20,987) (8,661) (50,197) (26,098) Impact of consolidated company-sponsored investment funds (5,182) 1,931 (16,848) (11,452) Incentive compensation-related items (2,286) 238 (6,353) (10,111) Equity loss on JVs 7,550 35,443 Adjusted net revenues 845,095 845,792 2,555,104 2,501,022 Operating income, US GAAP basis 365,281 175,250 806,567 579,171 Adjustments: Real estate (206) (206) (618) (618) Incentive compensation-related items 742 1,354 2,590 4,064 EQH award compensation 291 142 797 548 Acquisition-related expenses (112,906) 44,941 (78,890) 83,191 Equity loss on JVs 7,550 35,443 Total of non-GAAP adjustments before interest on borrowings (104,529) 46,231 (40,678) 87,185 Interest on borrowings 8,456 13,209 37,139 41,594 Sub-total of non-GAAP adjustments (96,073) 59,440 (3,539) 128,779 Less: Net income of consolidated entities attributable to non-controlling interests 5,054 (2,164) 17,262 10,626 Adjusted operating income 264,154 236,854 785,766 697,324 Non-Operating income, US GAAP basis 134,555 Less: Interest on borrowings 8,456 13,209 37,139 41,594 Less: Gain on divestiture 134,555 Adjusted non-operating (expense) (8,456) (13,209) (37,139) (41,594) Adjusted pre-tax income 255,698 223,645 748,627 655,730 Less: Adjusted income taxes 9,972 12,770 40,052 35,409 
 42 

Index 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Adjusted net income 245,726 210,875 708,575 620,321 Diluted net income per AB Unit, GAAP basis 1.20 0.58 3.02 1.86 Impact of non-GAAP adjustments (0.35) 0.15 (0.57) 0.29 Adjusted diluted net income per AB Unit 0.85 0.73 2.45 2.15 Operating margin, GAAP basis 33.2 17.2 24.5 18.6 Impact of non-GAAP adjustments (1.9) 10.8 6.3 9.3 Adjusted operating margin 31.3 28.0 30.8 27.9 
 
 Adjusted operating income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 27.3 million, or 11.5 , from the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher investment advisory base fees of 95.0 million, lower promotion and servicing expenses of 14.0 million, lower employee compensation and benefits expense of 13.1 million and higher other revenues of 2.9 million, partially offset by lower Bernstein Research Services revenue of 93.9 million due to the deconsolidation of the BRS 1 business and lower net dividends and interest income of 3.7 million. 
 
 Adjusted operating income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 88.4 million, or 12.7 , from the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to higher investment advisory base fees of 215.8 million, lower promotion and servicing expenses of 22.4 million, higher performance-based fees of 19.4 million, lower general and administrative expenses of 18.3 million, higher investment gains of 7.7 million and higher other revenues of 5.2 million, partially offset by lower Bernstein Research Services revenue of 189.5 million due to the deconsolidation of the BRS 1 business, higher employee compensation and benefits expense of 6.2 million and lower net dividends and interest income of 4.4 million. 
 
 Adjusted Net Revenues 
 
 Net Revenue, as adjusted, is reduced to exclude all of the company's distribution revenues, which are recorded as a separate line item on the consolidated statement of income, as well as a portion of investment advisory services fees received that is used to pay distribution and servicing costs. For certain products, based on the distinct arrangements, certain distribution fees are collected by us and passed through to third-party client intermediaries, while for certain other products, we collect investment advisory services fees and a portion is passed through to third-party client intermediaries. In both arrangements, the third-party client intermediary owns the relationship with the client and is responsible for performing services and distributing the product to the client on our behalf. We believe offsetting distribution revenues and certain investment advisory services fees is useful for our investors and other users of our financial statements because such presentation appropriately reflects the nature of these costs as pass-through payments to third parties that perform functions on behalf of our sponsored mutual funds and/or shareholders of these funds. Distribution-related adjustments fluctuate each period based on the type of investment products sold, as well as the average AUM over the period. Also, we adjust distribution revenues for the amortization of deferred sales commissions as these costs, over time, will offset such revenues. 
 We adjust investment advisory and services fees and other revenues for pass through costs, primarily related to our transfer agent and shareholder servicing fees. Additionally, we adjust for certain investment advisory and services fees passed through to our investment advisors. We also adjust for certain pass through costs associated with the transition of services to the JVs entered into with SocGen. These amounts are expensed by us and passed to the JVs for reimbursement. These fees do not affect operating income, as such, we exclude these fees from adjusted net revenues. 
 We adjust for the revenue impact of consolidating company-sponsored investment funds by eliminating the consolidated company-sponsored investment funds' revenues and including AB's fees from such consolidated company-sponsored investment funds and AB's investment gains and losses on its investments in such consolidated company-sponsored investment funds that were eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 1 On April 1, 2024 AB and SocGen, a leading European bank, completed their transaction to form a jointly owned equity research provider and cash equity trading partner for institutional investors. AB has deconsolidated the BRS business and contributed the business to the joint venture. For further discussion, see Note 17 Divestiture to our condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Item 1 and Executive Overview in Item 2. 
 43 

Index 

 We also adjust net revenues to exclude our portion of the equity income or loss associated with our investment in the JVs. Effective April 1, 2024 following the close of the transaction with SocGen, we record all income or loss associated with the JVs as an equity method investment income (loss). As we no longer consider this activity part of our core business operations and our intent is to fully divest from both joint ventures, we consider these amounts temporary, and as such, we exclude these amounts from our adjusted net revenues. 
 Adjusted net revenues exclude investment gains and losses and dividends and interest on employee long-term incentive compensation-related investments. Also, we adjust for certain acquisition-related pass-through performance-based fees and performance related compensation. 
 Adjusted Operating Income 
 
 Adjusted operating income represents operating income on a US GAAP basis excluding (1) real estate charges (credits), (2) the impact on net revenues and compensation expense of the investment gains and losses (as well as the dividends and interest) associated with employee long-term incentive compensation-related investments, (3) the equity compensation paid by EQH to certain AB executives, (4) acquisition-related expenses, (5) equity income (loss) on JVs (6) interest on borrowings and (7) the impact of consolidated company-sponsored investment funds. 
 Real estate charges (credits) incurred during the fourth quarter of 2019 through the fourth quarter of 2020, while excluded in the period in which the charges (credits) were recorded, are included ratably over the remaining applicable lease term. 
 Prior to 2009, a significant portion of employee compensation was in the form of long-term incentive compensation awards that were notionally invested in AB investment services and generally vested over a period of four years. AB economically hedged the exposure to market movements by purchasing and holding these investments on its balance sheet. All such investments had vested as of year-end 2012 and the investments have been delivered to the participants, except for those investments with respect to which the participant elected a long-term deferral. Fluctuation in the value of these investments, which also impacts compensation expense, is recorded within investment gains and losses on the income statement. Management believes it is useful to reflect the offset achieved from economically hedging the market exposure of these investments in the calculation of adjusted operating income and adjusted operating margin. The non-GAAP measures exclude gains and losses and dividends and interest on employee long-term incentive compensation-related investments included in revenues and compensation expense. 
 The board of directors of EQH granted to Seth Bernstein, our CEO, equity awards in connection with EQH's IPO. Additionally, equity awards have been granted to Mr. Bernstein and other AB executives for their membership on the EQH Management Committee. These individuals may receive additional equity or cash compensation from EQH in the future related to their service on the Management Committee. Any awards granted to these individuals by EQH are recorded as compensation expense in AB s consolidated statement of income. The compensation expense associated with these awards has been excluded from our non-GAAP measures because they are non-cash and are based upon EQH's, and not AB's, financial performance. 
 Acquisition-related expenses have been excluded because they are not considered part of our core operating results when comparing financial results from period to period and to industry peers. Acquisition-related expenses include professional fees, the recording of changes in estimates or fair value remeasurements to, and accretion expense related to, our contingent payment arrangements associated with our acquisitions, certain compensation-related expenses and amortization of intangible assets for contracts acquired. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 we recognized a gain of 128.5 million in contingent payment arrangements in the condensed consolidated statement of income related to a fair value remeasurement of the contingent payment liability associated with our acquisition of AB Carval in 2022. The fair value remeasurement was due to updated assumptions of future performance associated with the liability. During the three months ended September 30, 2023 we recorded an expense of 26.9 million due to a change in estimate related to the contingent consideration associated with the acquisition of Autonomous LLC in 2019. The change in estimate was based upon better than expected revenues during the 2023 performance evaluation period. We recorded 13.1 million as contingent payment arrangement expense and 13.8 million as compensation and benefits expense in the condensed consolidated statement of income. The charges to compensation and benefits expense are due to certain service conditions and special awards included in the acquisition agreement. 
 We also adjust operating income to exclude our portion of the equity income or loss associated with our investment in the JVs. Effective April 1, 2024 following the close of the transaction with SocGen, we record all income or loss associated with the JVs as an equity method investment income (loss). As we no longer consider this activity part of our core business operations and our intent is to fully divest from both joint ventures, we consider these amounts temporary, and as such, we exclude these amounts from our adjusted operating income. 
 We adjust operating income to exclude interest on borrowings in order to align with our industry peer group. 
 44 

Index 

 We adjust for the operating income impact of consolidating certain company-sponsored investment funds by eliminating the consolidated company-sponsored funds' revenues and expenses and including AB's revenues and expenses that were eliminated in consolidation. We also exclude the limited partner interests we do not own. 
 
 Adjusted Net Income and Adjusted Diluted Net Income per AB Unit 
 
 As previously discussed , our quarterly distribution is typically our adjusted diluted net income per unit (which is derived from adjusted net income) for the quarter multiplied by the number of general and limited partnership interests outstanding at the end of the quarter. Adjusted net income is derived from adjusted operating income less interest expense, gain on divestiture and adjusted income taxes. The gain on divestiture is not considered part of our core operating results and, accordingly has been excluded from our adjusted net income. Adjusted income taxes, used in calculating adjusted net income, are calculated using the GAAP effective tax rate adjusted for non-GAAP income tax adjustments. 
 
 Adjusted Operating Margin 
 
 Adjusted operating margin allows us to monitor our financial performance and efficiency from period to period without the volatility noted above in our discussion of adjusted operating income and to compare our performance to industry peers on a basis that better reflects our performance in our core business. Adjusted operating margin is derived by dividing adjusted operating income by adjusted net revenues. 
 
 45 

Index 

 Net Revenues 
 
 The components of net revenues are as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) (in thousands) Investment advisory and services fees: Institutions: Base fees 160,146 154,080 6,066 3.9 464,324 461,129 3,195 0.7 Performance-based fees 7,080 4,447 2,633 59.2 18,830 29,660 (10,830) (36.5) 167,226 158,527 8,699 5.5 483,154 490,789 (7,635) (1.6) Retail: Base fees 388,165 326,391 61,774 18.9 1,102,211 953,347 148,864 15.6 Performance-based fees 345 90 255 n/m 16,668 97 16,571 n/m 388,510 326,481 62,029 19.0 1,118,879 953,444 165,435 17.4 Private Wealth: Base fees 265,312 240,498 24,814 10.3 775,344 702,192 73,152 10.4 Performance-based fees 21,338 23,445 (2,107) (9.0) 66,741 53,111 13,630 25.7 286,650 263,943 22,707 8.6 842,085 755,303 86,782 11.5 Total: Base fees 813,623 720,969 92,654 12.9 2,341,879 2,116,668 225,211 10.6 Performance-based fees 28,763 27,982 781 2.8 102,239 82,868 19,371 23.4 842,386 748,951 93,435 12.5 2,444,118 2,199,536 244,582 11.1 Bernstein Research Services 2 93,875 (93,875) (100.0) 96,222 285,760 (189,538) (66.3) Distribution revenues 189,216 149,049 40,167 26.9 527,811 434,925 92,886 21.4 Dividend and interest income 38,940 49,889 (10,949) (21.9) 127,441 150,761 (23,320) (15.5) Investment (losses) gains (3,512) (6,694) 3,182 (47.5) (15,398) (760) (14,638) n/m Other revenues 39,673 24,484 15,189 62.0 104,133 75,349 28,784 38.2 Total revenues 1,106,703 1,059,554 47,149 4.4 3,284,327 3,145,571 138,756 4.4 Less: broker-dealer related interest expense 21,214 27,498 (6,284) (22.9) 66,744 80,968 (14,224) (17.6) Net revenues 1,085,489 1,032,056 53,433 5.2 3,217,583 3,064,603 152,980 5.0 
 
 Investment Advisory and Services Fees 
 
 Investment advisory and services fees are the largest component of our revenues. These fees generally are calculated as a percentage of the value of AUM as of a specified date, or as a percentage of the value of average AUM for the applicable billing period, and vary with the type of investment service, the size of account and the total amount of assets we manage for a 
 
 2 On April 1, 2024 AB and SocGen, a leading European bank, completed their transaction to form a jointly owned equity research provider and cash equity trading partner for institutional investors. AB has deconsolidated the BRS business and contributed the business to the JVs. For further discussion, see Note 17 Divestiture to our condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Item 1 and Executive Overview in Item 2. 
 46 

Index 

 particular client. Accordingly, fee income generally increases or decreases as AUM increase or decrease and is affected by market appreciation or depreciation, the addition of new client accounts or client contributions of additional assets to existing accounts, withdrawals of assets from and termination of client accounts, purchases and redemptions of mutual fund shares, shifts of assets between accounts or products with different fee structures, and acquisitions. Our average basis points realized (investment advisory and services fees divided by average AUM) generally approximate 30 to 105 basis points for actively managed equity services, 10 to 65 basis points for actively-managed fixed income services and 1 to 65 basis points for passively managed services. Average basis points realized for other services could range from 3 basis points for certain Institutional third party managed services to over 190 basis points for certain Private Wealth Management alternative services. These ranges include all-inclusive fee arrangements (covering investment management, trade execution and other services) for our Private Wealth Management clients. 
 
 We calculate AUM using established market-based valuation methods and fair valuation (non-observable market) methods. Market-based valuation methods include: last sale/settle prices from an exchange for actively-traded listed equities, options and futures; evaluated bid prices from recognized pricing vendors for fixed income, asset-backed or mortgage-backed issues; mid prices from recognized pricing vendors and brokers for credit default swaps; and quoted bids or spreads from pricing vendors and brokers for other derivative products. Fair valuation methods include: discounted cash flow models or any other methodology that is validated and approved by our Valuation Committee and sub-committee (the "Valuation Committee") (see paragraph immediately below for more information regarding our Valuation Committee). Fair valuation methods are used only where AUM cannot be valued using market-based valuation methods, such as in the case of private equity or illiquid securities. 
 
 The Valuation Committee, consists of senior officers and employees, which oversees a consistent framework of pricing and valuation of all investments held in client and AB portfolios. The Valuation Committee has adopted a Statement of Pricing Policies describing principles and policies that apply to pricing and valuing investments held in these portfolios. We also have a Pricing Group, which is overseen by the Valuation Committee and is responsible for managing the pricing process for all investments. 
 
 We sometimes charge our clients performance-based fees. In these situations, we charge a base advisory fee and are eligible to earn an additional performance-based fee or incentive allocation that is calculated as either a percentage of absolute investment results or a percentage of investment results in excess of a stated benchmark over a specified period of time. Some performance-based fees include a high-watermark provision, which generally provides that if a client account underperforms relative to its performance target (whether absolute or relative to a specified benchmark), it must gain back such underperformance before we can collect future performance-based fees. Therefore, if we fail to achieve our performance target for a particular period, we will not earn a performance-based fee for that period and, for accounts with a high-watermark provision, our ability to earn future performance-based fees will be impaired. We are eligible to earn performance-based fees on 7.8 , 7.5 and 0.3 of the assets we manage for institutional clients, private wealth clients and retail clients, respectively (in total, 4.6 of our AUM). 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, our investment advisory and services fees increased by 93.4 million, or 12.5 , from the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to a 92.7 million, or 12.9 , increase in base fees. The increase in base fees is primarily due to a 14.0 increase in average AUM. Performance-based fees increased 2.8 primarily due to higher performance fees earned on our Global Opportunistic Credit and Strategic Equities, partially offset by Private Credit. 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our investment advisory and services fees increased by 244.6 million, or 11.1 , from the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to a 225.2 million, or 10.6 , increase in base fees and a 19.4 million, or 23.4 , increase in performance-based fees. The increase in base fees is primarily due to an 12.1 increase in average AUM. Performance-based fees increased primarily due to higher performance fees earned on our US Select Equity and Private Credit, partially offset by lower performance fees earned on our International Small Cap and Global Opportunistic Credit. 
 
 Institutional base fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 6.1 million, or 3.9 , from the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 7.0 increase in average AUM, partially offset by a lower portfolio fee rate. Institutional base fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 3.2 million, or 0.7 , from the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 5.5 increase in average AUM. 
 
 Retail base fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 61.8 million, or 18.9 , from the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 21.6 increase in average AUM, partially offset by a lower portfolio fee rate. Retail base fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 148.9 million, or 15.6 , from the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 19.3 increase in average AUM, partially offset by a lower portfolio fee rate. 
 
 47 

Index 

 Private Wealth base fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 24.8 million, or 10.3 , from the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 14.9 increase in average AUM, partially offset by a lower portfolio fee rate. Private Wealth base fees for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 73.2 million, or 10.4 , from the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to a 13.5 increase in average AUM, partially offset by a lower portfolio fee rate. 
 
 Bernstein Research Services 
 
 Effective April 1, 2024, AB has deconsolidated the BRS business. For further discussion, see Note 17 Divestiture to our condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Item 1 and Executive Overview in Item 2. 
 Prior to the deconsolidation of the BRS business, we earned revenues for providing investment research to, and executing brokerage transactions for, institutional clients. These clients compensated us principally by directing us to execute brokerage transactions on their behalf, for which we earned commissions, and to a lesser extent, by paying us directly for research through commission sharing agreements or cash payments. 
 Revenues from Bernstein Research Services for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 93.9 million, or 100.0 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, Bernstein Research Services revenue decreased by 189.5 million, or 66.3 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven by the deconsolidation of the BRS business. 
 
 Distribution Revenues 
 
 Two of our subsidiaries act as distributors and/or placement agents of company-sponsored mutual funds and receive distribution services fees from certain of those funds as full or partial reimbursement of the distribution expenses they incur. Period-over-period fluctuations of distribution revenues typically are in line with fluctuations of the corresponding average AUM of these mutual funds. 
 
 Distribution revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 40.2 million, or 26.9 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the corresponding average AUM of these mutual funds increasing 21.6 . Distribution revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 92.9 million, or 21.4 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to the corresponding average AUM of these mutual funds increasing 18.1 . In both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, AUM increased at a greater rate in higher fee base mutual funds, outpacing the overall increase in AUM, causing a higher increase in distribution revenues. 
 
 Dividend and Interest Income and Broker-Dealer Related Interest Expense 
 
 Dividend and interest income consists primarily of investment income and interest earned on customer margin balances and U.S. Treasury Bills as well as dividend and interest income in our consolidated company-sponsored investment funds. Broker-dealer related interest expense principally reflects interest accrued on cash balances primarily related to our private wealth customers brokerage accounts. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, dividend and interest income decreased 10.9 million, or 21.9 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due lower interest earned on U.S. Treasury Bills and lower interest earned on customer margin balances. Broker-dealer related interest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 6.3 million, or 22.9 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to lower interest paid on cash balances in customers' brokerage accounts. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, dividend and interest income decreased 23.3 million, or 15.5 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower interest earned on U.S. Treasury Bills and lower interest earned on customer margin balances. Broker-dealer related interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased 14.2 million, or 17.6 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, due to lower interest paid on cash balances in customers' brokerage accounts. 
 
 Investment Gains (Losses) 
 
 Investment gains (losses) consist primarily of realized and unrealized investment gains or losses on: (i) employee long-term incentive compensation-related investments, (ii) U.S. Treasury Bills, (iii) market-making in exchange-traded options and equities, (iv) seed capital investments, (v) derivatives and (vi) investments in our consolidated company-sponsored investment funds. Investment gains (losses) also include equity in earnings of proprietary investments in limited partnership hedge funds that we sponsor and manage. 
 48 

Index 

Investment gains (losses) are as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 (in thousands) Long-term incentive compensation-related investments: Realized (losses) gains (14) 16 7,110 6,577 Unrealized gains (losses) 1,649 (724) (2,417) (4,095) Investments held by consolidated company-sponsored investment funds: Realized gains (losses) 1,035 (6,375) (641) (24,295) Unrealized gains (losses) 9,373 (4,614) 20,900 22,413 Seed capital investments: Realized gains (losses): Seed capital and other 332 717 19 536 Derivatives (11,003) (452) (25,442) (10,411) Unrealized gains (losses): Seed capital and other 6,355 (4,929) 16,299 974 Derivatives (4,225) 9,475 3,787 8,124 Brokerage-related investments: Realized gains (losses) 25 (279) (466) Unrealized gains (losses) 511 192 709 (117) Equity investment in JVs: Equity (loss) (7,550) (35,443) (3,512) (6,694) (15,398) (760) 
 
 Other Revenues 
 
 Other revenues consist of fees earned for transfer agency services provided to company-sponsored mutual funds, fees earned for administration and recordkeeping services provided to company-sponsored mutual funds and the general accounts of EQH and its subsidiaries, and other miscellaneous revenues. Other revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 15.2 million, or 62.0 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to certain reimbursements for services provided to the JVs. Other revenues for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 28.8 million, or 38.2 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to certain reimbursements for services provided to the JVs. 
 
 49 

Index 

 Expenses 
 
 The components of expenses are as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change Change 2024 2023 Change Change (in thousands) (in thousands) Employee compensation and benefits 424,893 453,619 (28,726) (6.3) 1,300,989 1,315,861 (14,872) (1.1) Promotion and servicing: Distribution-related payments 192,230 155,620 36,610 23.5 545,120 454,039 91,081 20.1 Amortization of deferred sales commissions 15,005 9,585 5,420 56.5 40,152 26,506 13,646 51.5 Trade execution, marketing, T E and other 38,312 52,289 (13,977) (26.7) 134,243 157,057 (22,814) (14.5) 245,547 217,494 28,053 12.9 719,515 637,602 81,913 12.8 General and administrative 155,808 145,388 10,420 7.2 439,450 434,976 4,474 1.0 Contingent payment arrangements (125,947) 15,364 (141,311) n/m (120,831) 20,251 (141,082) n/m Interest on borrowings 8,456 13,209 (4,753) (36.0) 37,139 41,594 (4,455) (10.7) Amortization of intangible assets 11,451 11,732 (281) (2.4) 34,754 35,148 (394) (1.1) Total 720,208 856,806 (136,598) (15.9) 2,411,016 2,485,432 (74,416) (3.0) 
 
 Employee Compensation and Benefits 
 
 Employee compensation and benefits expense consists of base compensation (including salaries and severance), annual short-term incentive compensation awards (cash bonuses), annual long-term incentive compensation awards, commissions, fringe benefits and other employment costs (including recruitment, training, temporary help and meals). 
 
 Compensation expense as a percentage of net revenues was 39.1 and 44.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Compensation expense as a percentage of net revenues was 40.4 and 42.9 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Compensation expense generally is determined on a discretionary basis and is primarily a function of our firm s current-year financial performance. The amounts of incentive compensation we award are designed to motivate, reward and retain top talent while aligning our executives' interests with the interests of our Unitholders. Senior management, with the approval of the Compensation and Workplace Practices Committee of the Board of Directors of AllianceBernstein Corporation Compensation Committee ), periodically confirms that the appropriate metric to consider in determining the amount of incentive compensation is the ratio of adjusted employee compensation and benefits expense to adjusted net revenues. Adjusted net revenues used in the adjusted compensation ratio are the same as the adjusted annual net revenues presented as a non-GAAP measure discussed earlier in this Item 2 ). Adjusted employee compensation and benefits expense is total employee compensation and benefits expense minus other employment costs such as recruitment, training, temporary help and meals (which was 1.0 of adjusted net revenues for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 respectively, and 1.0 of adjusted net revenues for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively), and excludes the impact of mark-to-market vesting expense, as well as dividends and interest expense, associated with employee incentive compensation-related investments and the amortization expense associated with the awards issued by EQH to some of our firm's executive officers relating to their roles as members of the EQH Management Committee. Senior management, with the approval of the Compensation Committee, has established as an objective that adjusted employee compensation and benefits expense, excluding the impact of performance-based fees, generally should not exceed 50.0 of our adjusted net revenues in any year, except in unexpected or unusual circumstances. Our ratio of adjusted compensation expense as a percentage of adjusted net revenues was 48.0 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 48.7 for the nine 
 50 

Index 

 months ended September 30, 2024. Our ratio of adjusted compensation expense as a percentage of adjusted net revenues was 49.5 for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024, employee compensation and benefits expense decreased 28.7 million, or 6.3 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower base compensation of 29.0 million primarily driven by the Bernstein Research Services deconsolidation, lower fringe expense of 3.6 million and lower incentive compensation of 3.3 million, partially offset by higher commissions of 7.4 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, employee compensation and benefits expense decreased 14.9 million, or 1.1 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily due to lower base compensation of 57.8 million primarily driven by the Bernstein Research Services deconsolidation and lower fringe benefits of 3.8 million, partially offset by higher incentive compensation of 32.0 million and higher commissions of 13.2 million. 
 
 Promotion and Servicing 
 
 Promotion and servicing expenses include distribution-related payments to financial intermediaries for distribution of AB mutual funds and amortization of deferred sales commissions paid to financial intermediaries for the sale of back-end load shares of AB mutual funds. Also included in this expense category are costs related to trade execution and clearance, travel and entertainment, advertising and promotional materials. 
 
 Promotion and servicing expenses increased 28.1 million, or 12.9 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher distribution-related payments of 36.6 million and higher amortization of deferred sales commissions of 5.4 million, partially offset by lower trade execution and clearance expenses of 15.8 million primarily driven by the Bernstein Research Services deconsolidation. Promotion and servicing expenses increased 81.9 million, or 12.8 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher distribution-related payments of 91.1 million, higher amortization of deferred sales commissions of 13.6 million and higher transfer fees of 7.4 million, partially offset by lower trade execution and clearance expenses of 31.9 million primarily driven by the Bernstein Research Services deconsolidation. 
 
 General and Administrative 
 
 General and administrative expenses include portfolio services expenses, technology expenses, professional fees and office-related expenses (occupancy, communications and similar expenses). General and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenues were 14.4 and 14.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. General and administrative expenses increased 10.4 million, or 7.2 , during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding period in 2023, primarily due to higher office and related expenses of 12.4 million principally driven by our early exit from our previous New York office location of approximately 9.3 million and the write off of related assets of 3.0 million and higher portfolio services expenses of 1.3 million, partially offset by lower technology expense of 2.7 million. 
 
 General and administrative expenses as a percentage of net revenues were 13.7 and 14.2 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. General and administrative expenses increased 4.5 million, or 1.0 , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding period in 2023, primarily due to higher office and related expenses of 23.0 million principally driven by our early exit from our previous New York office location of approximately 9.3 million, higher other taxes of 6.3 million and higher portfolio services expenses of 4.3 million, partially offset by the recognition of a 20.8 million government incentive grant received in connection with our headquarters relocation to Nashville, TN, prior year valuation adjustments related to the classification of Bernstein Research Services as held for sale of 6.7 million and the write off of related assets of 3.0 million associated with our early exit from our previous New York office location. 
 
 Contingent Payment Arrangements 
 
 Contingent payment arrangements reflect changes in estimates in connection with fair value remeasurements of contingent payment liabilities associated with acquisitions in current and previous periods, as well as accretion expense of these liabilities. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 we recognized a gain of 128.5 million in contingent payment arrangements in the condensed consolidated statement of income related to a fair value remeasurement of the contingent payment liability associated with our acquisition of AB Carval in 2022. The fair value remeasurement was due to updated assumptions of future performance associated with the liability. During the three months ended September 30, 2023 we recorded an expense of 26.9 million due to a change in estimate related to the contingent consideration associated with the 
 51 

Index 

 acquisition of Autonomous LLC in 2019. The change in estimate was based upon better than expected revenues during the 2023 performance evaluation period. We recorded 13.1 million as contingent payment arrangement expense and 13.8 million as compensation and benefits expense in the condensed consolidated statement of income. The charges to compensation and benefits expense are due to certain service conditions and special awards included in the acquisition agreement. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized 2.6 million and 2.2 million in accretion expense related to our contingent considerations payable. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, we recognized 7.7 million and 7.1 million in accretion expense related to our contingent considerations payable. 
 
 Interest on Borrowings 
 
 Interest on borrowings reflects interest expense related to our debt and credit facilities. See Note 16 to AB's condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Item 1 , for disclosures relating to our debt and credit facilities. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 interest on borrowings decreased 4.8 million compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower weighted average borrowings. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 interest on borrowings decreased 4.5 million compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower weighted average borrowings. 
 
 Amortization of Intangible Assets 
 
 Amortization of intangible assets reflects our amortization of costs assigned to acquired investment management contracts with a finite life. These assets are recognized at fair value and generally are amortized on a straight-line basis over their estimated useful life. Amortization of intangible assets decreased 0.3 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Amortization of intangible assets decreased 0.4 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the three month ended September 30, 2024, we wrote off approximately 0.4 million of intangible assets associated with a historical acquisition. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 we wrote off approximately 1.9 million of intangible assets associated with various historical acquisitions. We did not have any adjustments to our intangible assets during the three or nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 AB, a private limited partnership, is not subject to federal or state corporate income taxes. However, AB is subject to a 4.0 New York City unincorporated business tax UBT ). Our domestic corporate subsidiaries are subject to federal, state and local income taxes and generally are included in the filing of a consolidated federal income tax return. Separate state and local income tax returns also are filed. Foreign corporate subsidiaries generally are subject to taxes in the jurisdictions where they are located. 
 
 Income tax expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 4.2 million, or 42.4 , compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Income tax expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 19.1 million, or 61.2 , compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to higher foreign income in jurisdictions that carry a higher tax rate. There were no material changes to uncertain tax positions FIN 48 reserves or valuation allowances against deferred tax assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) of Consolidated Entities Attributable to Non-Controlling Interests 
 
 Net income (loss) of consolidated entities attributable to non-controlling interests primarily consists of limited partner interests owned by other investors in our consolidated company-sponsored investment funds. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, we had 5.1 million of net income of consolidated entities attributable to non-controlling interests compared to net losses of 2.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had 17.3 million of net income of consolidated entities attributable to non-controlling interests compared to net income of 10.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Period-to-period fluctuations result primarily from the number of consolidated company-sponsored investment funds and their respective market performance. 
 
 52 

Index 

 CAPITAL RESOURCES AND LIQUIDITY 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities primarily include the receipt of investment advisory and services fees and other revenues offset by the payment of operating expenses incurred in the normal course of business. Our cash flows from operating activities have historically been positive and sufficient in supporting our operations. We do not anticipate this to change in the foreseeable future. Cash flows from investing activities generally consist of small capital expenditures and, when applicable, business acquisitions. Cash flows from financing activities primarily consist of issuance and repayment of debt and the repurchase of AB Holding Units to fund our long-term deferred compensation plans. We are required to distribute all of our Available Cash Flow to our Unitholders and the General Partner. 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024, net cash provided by operating activities was 1.1 billion compared to 790.3 million during the corresponding 2023 period. The change is primarily due to higher earnings of 121.5 million (after non-cash reconciling items), an increase in broker-dealer payables (net of receivable and segregated U.S. Treasury bills) of 90.1 million, an increase in accounts payable and accrued liabilities of 82.5 million, a decrease in other assets of 80.0 million and a decrease in investments of 43.6 million, partially offset by an increase in deferred sales commissions of 63.2 million and the net activity of our consolidated company-sponsored investment funds of 43.9 million. 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024, net cash used in investing activities was 94.2 million, compared to 23.9 million during the corresponding 2023 period. The change is primarily due to higher purchases of furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements of 78.5 million and cash used related to the divestiture of the BRS business of 40.2 million. The cash used in the divestiture included 304.0 million in cash proceeds received from SocGen offset by 338.2 million in cash contributed from the transferring balance sheet and 6.0 million in direct costs to sell. In addition, there was an increase in debt repayment from equity method investments of 86.2 million offset by capital contributions to equity method investments of 39.4 million. 
 
 During the first nine months of 2024, net cash used in financing activities was 1.5 billion, compared to 1.0 billion during the corresponding 2023 period. The change is primarily due to higher repayments of debt of 564.3 million and higher cash distributions to Unitholders of 78.6 million, partially offset by lower net purchases of non-controlling interests of consolidated company-sponsored investment funds of 96.9 million. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, AB had 671.3 billion of cash and cash equivalents (including cash and cash equivalents of consolidated company-sponsored investment funds), all of which is available for liquidity but consist primarily of cash on deposit for our broker-dealers related to various customer clearing activities, and cash held by foreign subsidiaries of 473.1 million. 
 
 See Note 16 to AB s condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Item 1, for disclosures relating to our debt and credit facilities. We use our debt and credit facilities to seed certain new investment products which may expose us to market risk, credit risk and material gains and losses. To reduce our exposure, we enter into various futures, forwards, options and swaps primarily to economically hedge certain of our seed money investments. While in most cases broad market risks are hedged and are effective in reducing our exposure, our hedges are imperfect and we may remain exposed to some market risk and credit-related losses in the event of non-performance by counterparties on these derivative instruments. 
 
 Our financial condition and access to public and private debt markets should provide adequate liquidity for our general business needs. Management believes that cash flow from operations and the issuance of debt and AB Units or AB Holding Units will provide us with the resources we need to meet our financial obligations. See Cautions Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for a discussion of credit markets and our ability to renew our credit facilities at expiration. 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 
 
 AB s capital commitments, which consist primarily of operating leases for office space, generally are funded from future operating cash flows. See Note 13 to AB's condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Item 1 for discussion of lease commitments. 
 
 See Note 12 to AB's condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Item 1 for discussion of commitments and contingencies . 
 
 53 

Index 

 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 
 The preparation of the condensed consolidated financial statements and notes to condensed consolidated financial statements requires management to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. 
 
 There have been no updates to our critical accounting estimates from those disclosed in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition in our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

ACCOUNTING PRONOUNCEMENTS 
 
 See Note 2 to AB s condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Item 1 . 

CAUTIONS REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 Certain statements provided by management in this report and in the portion of AB s Form 10-Q attached hereto as Exhibit 99.1 are forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such forward-looking statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. The most significant of these factors include, but are not limited to, the following: the performance of financial markets, the investment performance of sponsored investment products and separately managed accounts, general economic conditions, industry trends, future acquisitions, integration of acquired companies, competitive conditions and government regulations, including changes in tax regulations and rates and the manner in which the earnings of publicly-traded partnerships are taxed. We caution readers to carefully consider such factors. Further, these forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which such statements are made; we undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements. For further information regarding these forward-looking statements and the factors that could cause actual results to differ, see Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of our Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and Part II, Item 1A in this Form 10-Q. Any or all of the forward-looking statements that we make in our Form 10-K, this Form 10-Q, other documents we file with or furnish to the SEC, and any other public statements we issue, may turn out to be wrong. It is important to remember that other factors besides those listed in Risk Factors and those listed below could also adversely impact our revenues, financial condition, results of operations and business prospects. 
 
 The forward-looking statements referred to in the preceding paragraph , most of which directly affect AB but also affect AB Holding because AB Holding s principal source of income and cash flow is attributable to its investment in AB, include statements regarding: 
 
 Our belief that the cash flow AB Holding realizes from its investment in AB will provide AB Holding with the resources it needs to meet its financial obligations: AB Holding s cash flow is dependent on the quarterly cash distributions it receives from AB. Accordingly, AB Holding s ability to meet its financial obligations is dependent on AB s cash flow from its operations, which is subject to the performance of the capital markets and other factors beyond our control. 
 
 Our financial condition and ability to access the public and private capital markets providing adequate liquidity for our general business needs: Our financial condition is dependent on our cash flow from operations, which is subject to the performance of the capital markets, our ability to maintain and grow client assets under management and other factors beyond our control. Our ability to access public and private capital markets on reasonable terms may be limited by adverse market conditions, our firm s credit ratings, our profitability and changes in government regulations, including tax rates and interest rates. 
 
 The outcome of litigation: Litigation is inherently unpredictable, and excessive damage awards do occur. Though we have stated that we do not expect any pending legal proceedings to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity, any settlement or judgment with respect to a legal proceeding could be significant and could have such an effect. 
 
 The possibility that we will engage in open market purchases of AB Holding Units to help fund anticipated obligations under our incentive compensation award program: The number of AB Holding Units AB may decide to buy in future periods, if any, to help fund incentive compensation awards depends on various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including the fluctuation in the price of an AB Holding Unit (NYSE: AB) and the availability of cash to make these purchases. 
 
 54 

Index 

 Our determination that adjusted employee compensation expense, excluding the impact of performance-based fees, generally should not exceed 50 of our adjusted net revenues on an annual basis: Aggregate employee compensation reflects employee performance and competitive compensation levels. Fluctuations in our revenues and/or changes in competitive compensation levels could result in adjusted employee compensation expense exceeding 50 of our adjusted net revenues. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 There have been no material changes in AB s market risk from the information provided under Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk in Part II, Item 7A of AB's Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Each of AB Holding and AB maintains a system of disclosure controls and procedures that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported in a timely manner, and (ii) accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer ("CEO") and the Chief Financial Officer ("CFO"), to permit timely decisions regarding our disclosure. 
 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, management carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of the CEO and the CFO, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of the disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, the CEO and the CFO concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 No change in our internal control over financial reporting occurred during the third quarter of 2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Part II 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 See Note 12 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 . 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors from those appearing in our Annual Report on Form 10-K ("AB 10-K") for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 55 

Index 

 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 AB Units bought by us or one of our affiliates during the third quarter of 2024 are as follows: 
 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Period Total Number of AB Units Purchased Average Price 
 Paid Per 
 AB Unit, net of 
 Commissions 
 Total Number of AB Units Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of AB Units that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs 7/1/24 - 7/31/24 8/1/24 - 8/31/24 9/1/24 - 9/30/24 (1) 
 2,950 34.01 Total 2,950 34.01 
 
 (1) During the third quarter of 2024, AB purchased 2,950 AB Units in private transactions and retired them. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 None. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Pursuant to item 408(a) of Regulation S-K there were no directors or officers that had or a 10b5-1 plan or other trading arrangement during the third quarter of 2024. 
 56 

Index 

 Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 31.1 Certification of Mr. Bernstein furnished pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Ms. Marks furnished pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Mr. Bernstein furnished for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Ms. Marks furnished for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema. 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase. 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase. 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase. 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase. 104 The cover page from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL (included in Exhibit 101). 
 
 57 

Index 

 SIGNATURE 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: October 24, 2024 ALLIANCEBERNSTEIN L.P. 
 By: /s/ Jackie Marks Jackie Marks Chief Financial Officer By: /s/ Thomas Simeone Thomas Simeone Controller Chief Accounting Officer 

58 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a093024exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 I, Seth Bernstein, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of AllianceBernstein L.P. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 24, 2024 s Seth Bernstein Seth Bernstein President & Chief Executive Officer AllianceBernstein L.P. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a093024exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 I, Jackie Marks, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of AllianceBernstein L.P. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 24, 2024 s Jackie Marks Jackie Marks Chief Financial Officer AllianceBernstein L.P. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a093024exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1 SECTION 906 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of AllianceBernstein L.P. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about October 24, 2024 (the Report ), I, Seth Bernstein, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date October 24, 2024 s Seth Bernstein Seth Bernstein President & Chief Executive Officer AllianceBernstein L.P. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a093024exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2 SECTION 906 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of AllianceBernstein L.P. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ending September 30, 2024 to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about October 24, 2024 (the Report ), I, Jackie Marks, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, for the purpose of complying with Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act and 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 24, 2024 s Jackie Marks Jackie Marks Chief Financial Officer AllianceBernstein L.P. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ab-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ab-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ab-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ab-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ab-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

