<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241112_10-Q_edgar_data_1641489_0001641489-24-000075.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>6474315</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>101983</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1839124</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1602366</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1559320</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1287606</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001641489-24-000075.hdr.sgml : 20241112
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241112164306
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001641489-24-000075
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		64
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241112
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241112

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			vTv Therapeutics Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001641489
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				473916571
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37524
		FILM NUMBER:		241449220

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3980 PREMIER DR
		STREET 2:		SUITE 310
		CITY:			HIGH POINT
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27265
		BUSINESS PHONE:		336-841-0300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3980 PREMIER DR
		STREET 2:		SUITE 310
		CITY:			HIGH POINT
		STATE:			NC
		ZIP:			27265

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	VTV Therapeutics Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150506

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001641489-24-000075.txt : 20241112

10-Q
 1
 vtvt-20240930.htm
 10-Q

vtvt-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________ 
 FORM 
 _____________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 Or 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number: 
 _____________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 _____________________________ 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , 
 , 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 _____________________________ 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer o Accelerated filer o x Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 Class of Stock Shares Outstanding as of November 12, 2024 
 Class A common stock, par value 0.01 per share Class B common stock, par value 0.01 per share 

Table of Contents 

 vTv THERAPEUTICS INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 INDEX TO FORM 10-Q 
 FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 PAGE NUMBER PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 202 3 
 4 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 202 3 
 5 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 202 3 
 6 
 Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 202 3 
 8 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 33 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 34 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 34 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 34 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 34 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 34 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 34 
 Signatures 
 35 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 The financial statements and other disclosures contained in this report include those of vTv Therapeutics Inc. we , the Company or the Registrant ), which is the registrant, and those of vTv Therapeutics LLC vTv LLC ), which is the principal operating subsidiary of the Registrant. Unless the context suggests otherwise, references in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q to the Company , we , us and our refer to vTv Therapeutics Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 vTv Therapeutics Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except number of shares and per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Current deposits Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Total assets Liabilities, Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Current liabilities: Accounts payable and accrued expenses Current portion of operating lease liabilities Current portion of contract liabilities Current portion of notes payable Total current liabilities Contract liabilities, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Warrant liability, related party Warrant liability Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity (deficit): Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized, and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders equity (deficit) attributable to vTv Therapeutics Inc. ) Noncontrolling interest Total stockholders equity (deficit) ) Total liabilities, redeemable noncontrolling interest and stockholders equity (deficit) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 vTv Therapeutics Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations - Unaudited 
 (in thousands, except number of shares and per share data) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 ) 
 2024 2023 ) 
 Revenue Operating expenses: Research and development General and administrative Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) ) ) Other income (expense), net ) ) Other income (expense) related party ) Interest income Interest expense ) ) Loss before income taxes and noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Income tax provision Net loss before noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to vTv Therapeutics Inc. ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to vTv Therapeutics Inc. common shareholders ) ) ) ) Net loss per share of vTv Therapeutics Inc. Class A common stock, basic and diluted Weighted average number of vTv Therapeutics Inc. Class A common stock, basic and diluted ) Adjusted retroactively for reverse stock split 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 vTv Therapeutics Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) - Unaudited 
 (in thousands, except number of shares) 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total vTv Therapeutics Inc Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Balances at June 30, 2024 ) Net loss attributable to vTv Therapeutics Inc. ) ) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of Class A Common Stock under ATM offering Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 ) 
 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2023 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Shares( Amount( Shares( Amount( Additional Paid-in Capital( Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Deficit Balances at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Share-based compensation Change in redemption value of noncontrolling interest ) Balances at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Adjusted retroactively for reverse stock split 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 vTv Therapeutics Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statement of Changes in Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest and Stockholders Equity (Deficit) - Unaudited 
 (in thousands, except number of shares) 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Shares Amount Shares Amount Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total vTv Therapeutics Inc Stockholders Equity (Deficit) Noncontrolling Interest Total Stockholders' Equity (Deficit) Balances at December 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net loss attributable to vTv Therapeutics Inc. ) ) ) Net loss attributable to redeemable noncontrolling interest ) 
 ) Change in redemption value of redeemable noncontrolling interest ) ) ) Reclassification of redeemable noncontrolling interest to permanent equity (See Note 7) ) Share-based compensation Issuance of Class A common stock and pre-funded warrants, net offering costs Issuance of Class A Common Stock under ATM offering Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 ) ) Allocation of NCI net loss was a result from the reclassification to permanent equity on February 27, 2024 (See Note 7) 
 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Redeemable Noncontrolling Interest Shares( Amount( Shares( Amount( Additional Paid-in Capital( Accumulated Deficit Total Stockholders' Deficit Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Share-based compensation Change in redemption value of noncontrolling interest ) Balances at September 30, 2023 ) ) ) Adjusted retroactively for reverse stock split 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 vTv Therapeutics Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Unaudited 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss before noncontrolling interest ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss before noncontrolling interest to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation expense Loss from G42 promissory note early redemption Non-cash interest income ) Share-based compensation expense Change in fair value of investments ) Impairment of investments in Anteris Bio, Inc Change in fair value of warrants, related party ) Change in fair value of warrants ) Changes in assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Other assets Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Other liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from sale of Class A common stock and pre-funded warrants, net of offering costs Proceeds from issuance of Class A common stock, net of offering costs Proceeds from G42 Promissory Note early redemption related to sale of Class A common stock to collaboration partner Proceeds from debt issuance Repayment of notes payable ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Total cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Total cash and cash equivalents, end of period Non-cash activities: Change in redemption value of noncontrolling interest ) ) Reclassification of noncontrolling interest to additional paid-in capital 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 vTv Therapeutics Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Unaudited 
 (dollar amounts are in thousands, unless otherwise noted) 
 
 Note 1: 
 million of cash and cash equivalents. 
 Various holders own non-voting interests in vTv LLC, representing a economic interest in vTv LLC, effectively restricting vTv Therapeutics Inc. s interest to of vTv LLC s economic results, subject to increase in the future, should vTv Therapeutics Inc. purchase additional non-voting common units vTv Units of vTv LLC, or should the holders of vTv Units decide to exchange such units (together with shares of the Company s Class B common stock, par value Class B common stock )) for shares of Class A common stock (or cash) pursuant to the Exchange Agreement (as defined in Note 8). vTv Therapeutics Inc. has provided financial and other support to vTv LLC in the form of its purchase of vTv Units with the net proceeds of the Company s initial public offering IPO in 2015, its registered direct offering in March 2019, and its agreeing to be a co-borrower under the Venture Loan and Security Agreement (the Loan Agreement with Horizon Technology Finance Corporation and Silicon Valley Bank (together, the Lenders which was entered into in 2016. vTv Therapeutics Inc. entered into the letter agreements with MacAndrews and Forbes Group LLC M F Group ), a related party and an affiliate of MacAndrews Forbes Incorporated (together with its affiliates MacAndrews in December 2017, July 2018, December 2018, March 2019, September 2019, and December 2019 (each a Letter Agreement and collectively, the Letter Agreements ). vTv Therapeutics Inc. entered into a common stock purchase agreement with G42 Investments AI Holding RSC Ltd G42 Investments (the G42 Purchase Agreement ), the common stock and warrant purchase agreement with CinPax, LLC and CinRx, LLC, respectively (the CinRx Purchase Agreement ). In addition vTv Therapeutics Inc. also entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with Private Placement Investors and the sales agreement with Cowen and Company, LLC TD Cowen ( TD Cowen Sales Agreement ). v Tv Therapeutics Inc. will not be required to provide financial or other support for vTv LLC. However, vTv Therapeutics Inc. will control its business and other activities through its managing member interest in vTv LLC, and its management is the management of vTv LLC. Nevertheless, because vTv Therapeutics Inc. will have no material assets other than its interests in vTv LLC, any financial difficulties at vTv LLC could result in vTv Therapeutics Inc. recognizing a loss. 
 Liquidity 
 To date, the Company has not generated any product revenue and has not achieved profitable operations. The continuing development of our drug candidates will require additional financing. From its inception through September 30, 2024, the Company has funded its operations primarily through a combination of private placements of common and preferred equity, research collaboration agreements, upfront and milestone payments for license agreements, debt and equity financings and the completion of its IPO in August 2015. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million and has generated net losses in each year of its existence. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s liquidity sources included cash and cash equivalents of million. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 shares (the Private Placement Shares of our Class A common stock, at a purchase price of per share, and (ii) pre-funded warrants (the Private Placement Pre-Funded Warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of our Class A common stock (the Private Placement Warrant Shares at a purchase price of per Private Placement Pre-Funded Warrant (representing the per Private Placement Share purchase price less the exercise price of per Private Placement Warrant Share). We received aggregate gross proceeds from the Private Placement of approximately million, before deducting offering expenses payable by us. The Private Placement Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable at any time after their original issuance and will not expire. 
 On March 5, 2024, the Company entered into a letter agreement with the Private Placement Investors pursuant to which the Private Placement Investors agreed to exchange an aggregate of Private Placement Shares for an aggregate of Private Placement Pre-Funded Warrants. 
 million (the TD Cowen ATM Offering ). Pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3, in no event will we sell securities registered on the registration statement relating to the TD Cowen ATM Offering with a value exceeding more than one-third of our public float in any 12-month period so long as our public float remains below million. Under the terms of the TD Cowen Sales Agreement, we will pay TD Cowen a commission of of the aggregate proceeds from the sale of shares and reimburse certain legal fees or other disbursements. On September 17, 2024, the Company sold shares of Class A common stock under the TD Cowen ATM Offering for net proceeds of million. 
 
 Note 2: 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 of the revenue earned during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company did not have any revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 or during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Note 3: 
 shares of the Company s Class A common stock at a price per share of approximately , for an aggregate purchase price of million, which was paid (i) million in cash at the closing and (ii) million in the form of a promissory note of G42 Investments to be paid at May 31, 2023 (the G42 Promissory Note ). On February 28, 2023, the Company and G42 Investments amended the G42 Purchase Agreement and modified the G42 Promissory Note to accelerate the payment due under the note. Pursuant to the amendment, on February 28, 2023, the Company received million, which reflected the original amount due under the G42 Promissory Note less a discount, in full satisfaction of 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 million and was recognized as a component of other income, net in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 G42 Investments has agreed to certain transfer restrictions (including restrictions on short sales or similar transactions) and restrictions on further acquisitions of shares, in each case subject to specified exceptions. Following the expiration of a lock up period, from the period May 31, 2022 until December 31, 2024 (or if earlier, the date of receipt of U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA approval in the U.S. for cadisegliatin , the Company has granted to G42 Investments certain shelf and piggyback registration rights with respect to those shares of Class A common stock issued to G42 Investments pursuant to the G42 Purchase Agreement, including the ability to conduct an underwritten offering to resell such shares under certain circumstances. The registration rights include customary cooperation, cut-back, expense reimbursement, and indemnification provisions. 
 Contemporaneously with the G42 Purchase Agreement, effective on May 31, 2022, the Company entered into a collaboration and license agreement (the Cogna Agreement with Cogna Technology Solutions LLC, an affiliate of G42 Investments Cogna ), which requires Cogna to work with the Company in performing clinical trials for cadisegliatin as well as jointly creating a global development plan to develop, market, and commercialize cadisegliatin in certain countries in the Middle East, Africa, and Central Asia (the Partner Territory ). Under the terms of the Cogna Agreement, Cogna will obtain a license under certain intellectual property controlled by the Company to enable it to fulfill its obligations and exercise its rights under the Cogna agreement, including to develop and commercialize cadisegliatin in the Partner Territory, but will not have access to the various intellectual property IP related to the license and cadisegliatin . Specifically, the Company will share various protocols with Cogna related to conducting the clinical trials and will provide the patient dosages and placebo of cadisegliatin needed to conduct the trials. 
 Under the Cogna Agreement, Cogna has the right to develop and commercialize cadisegliatin in the Partner Territory at its own cost once restrictions on the use of the IP have been lifted by the Company. The Cogna Agreement determined which specific countries in the Partner Territory that Cogna may pursue development and commercialization and provides the Company with the ability to determine when Cogna can benefit from this IP through the powers granted to the Company to approve the global development plan. Further, the Company may supply at cost, or Cogna may manufacture, cadisegliatin for commercial sale under terms to be agreed upon by the parties at a later date. 
 Separately, the Company will conduct its clinical trials for cadisegliatin outside of the Partner Territory at its own cost. The Company may combine the results of each party s clinical trials to seek FDA approval in the United States for cadisegliatin . On December 21, 2022, G42 Healthcare Technology Solutions LLC (formerly known as Cogna Technology Solutions LLC) novated its rights and obligation under the Cogna agreement to G42 Healthcare Research Technology Projects LLC G42 Healthcare ), an affiliate of G42 Investments. As a result of the novation, all reference to Cogna herein shall be deemed to refer to G42 Healthcare. 
 The G42 Purchase Agreement also provides for, following the receipt of the cadisegliatin FDA Approval, at the option of G42 Investments, either (a) the issuance of the Company s Class A common stock (the Milestone Shares having an aggregate value equal to million or (b) the payment by the Company of million in cash (the Milestone Cash Payment ). The issuance of the Milestone Shares or the payment of the Milestone Cash Payment, as applicable, is conditioned upon receipt of the cadisegliatin FDA Approval and subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the G42 Purchase Agreement. There can be no assurance that the cadisegliatin FDA Approval will be granted or as to the timing thereof. 
 Once commercialization takes place in the Partner Territory, the Company will receive royalties in the single digits from Cogna on the net sales of cadisegliatin for a period of at least after the first commercial sale of cadisegliatin in the Partner Territory. 
 A premium was paid on the Class A common stock by G42 Investments of million, net of a note receivable discount of million. This premium is determined to be the transaction price for all remaining obligations under the agreements, which will be accounted for under ASC 808 or ASC 606 based on determination of the unit of account. 
 The Company determined that certain commitments under the agreements are in the scope of ASC 808 as both the Company and Cogna are active participants in the clinical trials of cadisegliatin , and both are exposed to significant risks and rewards based on the success of the clinical trials and subsequent FDA approval. Cogna is determined to be a vendor of the Company during the clinical trial phase, working on the Company s behalf to complete research and development activities, and not in a customer capacity. The Company accounted for the commitments related to the clinical trials, which includes transfer of trial protocols, supply of clinical trial dosages, and collaboration on the joint development committee JDC as an ASC 808 unit of account, applying the recognition and measurement principles of ASC 606 by analogy. The Company 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 collaboration revenue was recognized for the ASC 808 unit of account during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The Company identified certain commitments that are in the scope of ASC 606 as Cogna s relationship is that of a customer for these commitments. The significant performance obligations that are in the scope of ASC 606 are (1) the development, commercialization and manufacturing license of the IP once restrictions on the use of the IP have been lifted by the Company and (2) a potential material right to a commercial supply agreement. The Company will recognize revenue from the development, commercial and manufacturing license at a point in time when the Company releases the restrictions on the use of the IP, which is expected to be after cadisegliatin is approved by the FDA. The Company will recognize revenue from the material right related to Cogna s ability to purchase the commercial supply at cost as Cogna purchases the commercial supply from the Company, which will occur after the completion of the initial clinical trials (if Cogna decides to purchase the clinical supply from the Company). As a result, the Company has t recognized any revenue under the ASC 606 unit of account during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company and G42 Investments amended the G42 Purchase Agreement and modified the G42 Promissory Note to accelerate the payment due under the note. Pursuant to the amendment, on February 28, 2023, the Company receive d million, which reflected the original amount due under the G42 Promissory Note less a discount, in full satisfaction of the note, resulting in a loss of million and was recognized as a component of other income, net in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. The G42 Promissory Note receivable was classified and accounted for under ASC 310 Receivables ASC 310 and was initially measured at its fair value of million. The Company also recorded the million as deferred revenue in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, as none of the underlying performance obligations had been satisfied as of and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Newsoara License Agreement 
 The Company is party to a license agreement with Newsoara Biopharma Co., Ltd., Newsoara (the Newsoara License Agreement under which Newsoara obtained an exclusive and sublicensable license to develop and commercialize the Company s phosphodiesterase type 4 inhibitors PDE4 program, including the compound HPP737 , in China, Hong Kong, Macau, Taiwan and other pacific rim countries (collectively, the Newsoara License Territory ). Additionally, under the Newsoara License Agreement, the Company obtained a non-exclusive, sublicensable, royalty-free license to develop and commercialize certain Newsoara patent rights and know-how related to the Company s PDE4 program for therapeutic uses in humans outside of the Newsoara License Territory. 
 The Newsoara License Agreement was amended in 2020 to change certain future milestone payments and patent rights (the First Newsoara Amendment ). On June 26, 2024, the Company entered into the second amendment to the Newsoara License Agreement (the Second Newsoara Amendment which expanded the global license contingent upon Newsoara paying an upfront global rights fee (the Upfront Fees of million. Newsoara has up to from the date of the Second Newsoara Amendment to pay the Upfront Fees; if it fails to do so, then the Second Newsoara Amendment will be null and void. As amended, the Company is eligible to receive additional potential development, regulatory and sales-based milestone payments totaling up to million . In addition, Newsoara is obligated to pay the Company royalty payments at mid to upper single digit rates, based on tiers of annual net sales of licensed products. Such royalties will be payable on a licensed product-by-licensed product and country-by-country basis until the latest of expiration of the licensed patents covering a licensed product in a country, expiration of data exclusivity rights for a licensed product in a country or a specified number of years after the first commercial sale of a licensed product in a country. There are no new performance obligations to be considered within the Second Newsoara Amendment. The Second Amendment has a potential impact to increase the transaction price by million. If the Company receives the Upfront Fees, million of revenue will be recognized at a point in time. 
 The Company has fully allocated the transaction price to the license and the technology transfer services which represents a single performance obligation because they were not capable of being distinct on their own. The Company recognized revenue for this performance obligation using the straight-line method over the transfer service period. The 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 million due to the satisfaction of a development milestone under the Newsoara License Agreement. This amount was fully recognized as revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as the related performance obligation was fully satisfied. revenue related to this performance obligation was recognized and there were no changes to the transaction price during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Note 4: 
 period. In addition, we issued options in connection with the private placement on February 27, 2024, that vest ratably over a period. The option awards expire after a term of from the date of grant. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense for its outstanding stock option awards of approximately million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and per option, respectively. The aggregate intrinsic value of the in-the-money awards outstanding at September 30, 2024 was de minimis. 
 On February 23, 2024, in connection with the Private Placement, several directors resigned as members of the Company s Board of Directors, effective on the closing of the Private Placement . As a result of their resignations, stock options to purchase shares of common stock were modified to increase the time period to exercise the options and stock options to purchase shares of common stock were modified to accelerate vesting at the termination date. All the unvested options were modified to be fully vested as of the posting of the Private Placement which resulted in a reduction in their fair value. The Company incurred million reduction in stock compensation expense for the modifications for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Granted Forfeited ) Awards outstanding at September 30, 2024 Options exercisable at September 30, 2024 Weighted average remaining contractual term Years Options vested and expected to vest at September 30, 2024 Weighted average remaining contractual term Years 
 General and administrative Total share-based compensation expense 
 
 Note 5: 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million for approval of a product for the treatment of type 1 diabetes, million for approval of a product for the treatment of type 2 diabetes, or million for approval of a product in any other indication. The Company may also be obligated to pay an additional million in potential sales-based milestones, as well as royalty payments, at mid-single digit royalty rates, based on tiered sales of commercialized licensed products. 
 
 Note 6: 
 term as well as an option to terminate after , neither of which was recognized as part of its related right of use assets or lease liabilities as their election was not considered reasonably certain. In November 2022, the Company entered into a second amendment to the lease, (i) to reduce the square footage and (ii) to extend the lease term, which constituted a modification event under ASC 842 and, the lease classification for the asset remains as an operating lease. Further, th e second amendment to the lease does not include any material residual value guarantee or restrictive covenants. 
 At each of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the weighted average incremental borrowing rate for the operating lease held by the Company was . At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the weighted average remaining lease terms for the operating lease held by the Company were years and years, respectively. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 Operating lease cost and the related operating cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was million. 
 
 Note 7: 
 noncontrolling interest in vTv LLC outstanding as of September 30, 2024 (see Note 9). The Exchange Agreement requires the surrender of an equal number of vTv Units and Class B common stock for (i) shares of Class A common stock on a -for-one basis or (ii) cash (based on the fair market value of the Class A common stock as determined pursuant to the Exchange Agreement), at the Company s option (as the managing member of vTv LLC), subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications. The exchange value is determined based on a -day volume weighted average price of the Class A common stock as defined in the Exchange Agreement, subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 million representing the fair value of redeemable noncontrolling interest on February 27, 2024, was reclassified from temporary equity in the mezzanine section of the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets to noncontrolling interest as a component of permanent equity. 
 Prior to February 27, 2024, the Company recorded redeemable noncontrolling interest at the higher of (1) its initial fair value plus accumulated earnings/losses associated with the noncontrolling interest or (2) the redemption value as of the balance sheet date. At December 31, 2023, the redeemable noncontrolling interest was recorded based on the redemption value as of the balance sheet date of million. 
 Changes in the Company s ownership interest in vTv LLC while the Company retains its controlling interest in vTv LLC are accounted for as equity transactions, and the Company is required to adjust noncontrolling interest and equity for such changes.) ) ) ) (Decrease)/Increase in vTv Therapeutics Inc. stockholders' equity (deficit) for sale of vTv Units as a result of common stock issuances ) Change from net loss attributable to vTv Therapeutics Inc. common shareholders and transfers to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) 
 
 Note 8: 
 shares of Class A common stock to shares of Class A common stock, representing an increase of shares of authorized Class A common stock, with a corresponding increase in the total authorized common stock, which includes Class A common stock and Class B common stock, from to , and a corresponding increase in the total authorized capital stock, which includes common stock and preferred stock, from shares to shares. 
 On November 20, 2023, the Company filed an amendment to its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation as amended, to effect a reverse stock split at a ratio of 1-for-40 (the "Reverse Stock Split"). Pursuant to the Reverse Stock Split, every 40 shares of the Company s Class A common stock was combined into one issued and outstanding share of Class A Common Stock and every 40 shares of the Company s Class B common stock was combined into one issued and outstanding share of Class B Common Stock. The Reverse Stock Split did not reduce the number of authorized shares of Class A and Class B common stock, which remained at and respectively and did not change the par value of the common stock, which remained at per share. The Reverse Stock Split did not have any effect on the number of authorized shares of the Company s preferred stock, par value of per share, which would remain at shares. Currently no shares of preferred stock are outstanding. 
 Common Stock and Pre-funded Warrants 
 In February 2024, the Company entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with certain Private Placement Investors, pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell to the Private Placement Investors in a private placement (i) an aggregate of shares of our Class A common stock, at a purchase price of per share and (ii) issued pre-funded warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s Class A common stock at a price of per pre-funded warrant. The pre-funded warrants were immediately exercisable, have an exercise price of and may be exercised at any time after the date of issuance. A holder of pre-funded warrants may not exercise the warrant if the holder, together with its affiliates, would beneficially own more than of the number of shares of the Company s common 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 by providing at least 61 days prior notice to the Company. As of September 30, 2024 , there were pre-funded warrants to purchase an aggregate o f shares of the Company s common stock that remained available for exercise. 
 The pre-funded warrants were classified as a component of permanent equity in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as they are freestanding financial instruments that are immediately exercisable, do not embody an obligation for the Company to repurchase its own shares and permit the holders to receive a fixed number of shares of common stock upon exercise. All of the shares underlying the pre-funded warrants have been included in the weighted-average number of shares of common stock used to calculate net loss per share attributable to common stockholders because the shares may be issued for little or no consideration, are fully vested and are exercisable after the original issuance date of the pre-funded warrants. 
 On March 5, 2024, the Company entered into a letter agreement with the Private Placement Investors pursuant to which the Private Placement Investors agreed to exchange an aggregate of Private Placement Shares for an aggregate of Private Placement Pre-Funded Warrants. 
 G42 Investments Transaction 
 On May 31, 2022, the Company and G42 Investments entered in to the G42 Purchase Agreement (see Note 3), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to G42 Investments shares of the Company's Class A common stock at a price per share of approximately , for an aggregate purchase price of million, consisting of (i) million in cash at the closing of the transaction and (ii) million in the form of a promissory note of G42 Investments to be paid at the anniversary of the execution of the G42 Purchase Agreement (the G42 Promissory Note ). On February 28, 2023, the Company and G42 Investments amended the G42 Purchase Agreement and modified the G42 Promissory Note to accelerate the payment due under the note. Pursuant to the amendment, on February 28, 2023, the Company received million, which reflected the original amount due under the G42 Promissory Note less a discount, in full satisfaction of the note, resulting in a loss of million and was recognized as a component of other income, net in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 CinPax and CinRx Transaction 
 On July 22, 2022 (the Transaction Date ), the Company entered into the CinRx Purchase Agreement with CinPax, LLC CinPax and CinRx-Pharma, LLC CinRx ), pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell to CinPax shares of the Company s Class A common stock at a price per share of approximately , for an aggregate purchase price of million, which was paid (i) million in cash at the closing of the transaction and (ii) million in the form of a non-interest-bearing promissory note with CinPax and was paid to the Company on November 22, 2022. 
 The CinRx Purchase Agreement also provides CinRx warrants to purchase up to shares of common stock at an initial exercise of price of approximately per share (the CinRx Warrants ). The CinRx Warrants were initially measured at fair value of million using the Black-Scholes option model at the time of issuance and will be recorded in Warrant liability related party in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets and will be subsequently remeasured at fair value through earnings on a recurring basis. (see Note 12) 
 The CinRx Warrants will become exercisable by CinRx only if (i) the Company receives approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA Approval to market and distribute the pharmaceutical product containing the Company s proprietary candidate, cadisegliatin (the Product ), or (ii) the Company is acquired by a third party, sells all or substantially all of its assets related to the Product to a third party or grants a third party an exclusive license to develop, commercialize and manufacture the Product in the United States. If neither of these events happen within of the date of the issuance of the CinRx Warrants, the CinRx Warrants will expire and not be exercisable by CinRx. The exercise price of the CinRx Warrants and the number of shares issuable upon exercise of the CinRx Warrants are subject to adjustments in accordance with the terms of the CinRx Warrants. 
 Additionally, in conjunction with the CinRx Purchase Agreement the Company and CinRx entered into a Master Service Agreement CinRx MSA whereby CinRx provides the Company with consulting, preclinical and clinical trial services, as enumerated in project proposals negotiated between the Company and CinRx from time to time. (see Note 9) 
 The Company did not identify any other promises in the CinRx Purchase Agreement (aside from the issuance of common shares and the CinRx Warrants) and determined since there is no value ascribed to the CinRx MSA, the right to appoint a member and observer to the board of directors, that the remaining unallocated amount meets the definition of contributed equity and represents the amount in excess of par. The Company, CinPax and CinRx subsequently amended the 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million (the TD Cowen ATM Offering ). Pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3, in no event will we sell securities registered on the registration statement relating to the TD Cowen ATM Offering with a value exceeding more than one-third of our public float in any 12-month period so long as our public float remains below million. Under the terms of the TD Cowen Sales Agreement, we will pay TD Cowen a commission of of the aggregate proceeds from the sale of shares and reimburse certain legal fees or other disbursements. 
 shares of Class A common stock under the TD Cowen ATM Offering for net proceeds of million. 
 
 Note 9: 
 shares of Class B common stock. Further, as of September 30, 2024, MacAndrews directly or indirectly holds shares of the Company s Class A common stock. As a result, MacAndrews holdings represent approximately of the combined voting power of the Company s outstanding common stock. 
 The Company has entered into several agreements with MacAndrews or its affiliates as further detailed below: 
 Letter Agreements 
 The Company had previously entered into the Letter Agreements with MacAndrews. Under the terms of the Letter Agreements, during the one year commitment period beginning on the date of each Letter Agreement, the Company had the right to sell to MacAndrews shares of its Class A common stock at a specified price per share, and MacAndrews had the right (exercisable up to three times) to require the Company to sell to it shares of Class A common stock at the same price. The commitment period of each of the Letter Agreements has now expired. In addition, in connection with and as a commitment fee for the entrance into certain of these Letter Agreements, the Company also issued MacAndrews warrants (the Letter Agreement Warrants to purchase additional shares of the Company s Class A common stock. 
 The Letter Agreement Warrants have been recorded as warrant liability, related party within the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets based on their fair value. The issuance of the Letter Agreement Warrants was considered to be a cost of equity recorded as a reduction to additional paid-in capital. 
 Exchange Agreement 
 Pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, but subject to the Amended and Restated LLC Agreement of vTv Therapeutics LLC, the vTv Units (along with a corresponding number of shares of the Class B common stock) are exchangeable for (i) shares of the Company s Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis or (ii) cash (based on the fair market value of the Company s Class A common stock as determined pursuant to the Exchange Agreement), at the Company s option (as the managing member of vTv Therapeutics LLC), subject to customary conversion rate adjustments for stock splits, stock dividends and reclassifications. Any decision to require an exchange for cash rather than shares of Class A common stock will ultimately be determined by the entire Board of Directors. As of September 30, 2024, MacAndrews had not exchanged any shares under the provisions of the Exchange Agreement. 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 The Company and MacAndrews are party to a tax receivable agreement (the Tax Receivable Agreement ), which provides for the payment by the Company to M F TTP Holdings Two LLC M F ), as successor in interest to vTv Therapeutics Holdings, LLC vTv Therapeutics Holdings ), and M F TTP Holdings LLC (or certain of its transferees or other assignees) of of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax or franchise tax that the Company actually realizes (or, in some circumstances, the Company is deemed to realize) as a result of (a) the exchange 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Note 10: 
 million representing foreign withholding taxes accrued in connection with revenue recorded under license agreements with foreign entities. The Company did record an income tax provision for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The Company did record an income tax provision for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Management has evaluated the positive and negative evidence surrounding the realization of its deferred tax assets, including the Company s history of losses, and under the applicable accounting standards determined that it is more-likely-than-not that the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The difference between the effective tax rate of the Company and the U.S. statutory tax rate of 21 on September 30, 2024, is due to the valuation allowance against the Company s expected net operating losses. 
 As discussed in Note 9, the Company is party to a tax receivable agreement with a related party which provides for the payment by the Company to M F (or certain of its transferees or other assignees) of of the amount of cash savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax or franchise tax that the Company actually realizes (or, in some circumstances, the Company is deemed to realize) as a result of certain transactions. As no transactions have occurred which would trigger a liability under this agreement, the Company has not recognized any liability related to this agreement as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Note 11: 
 20 

Table of Contents ) ) ) Less: Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) ) ) Net loss attributable to common shareholders of vTv Therapeutics Inc., basic and diluted Denominator: Weighted average vTv Therapeutics Inc. Class A common stock, basic and diluted (1) 
 Net loss per share of vTv Therapeutics Inc. Class A common stock, basic and diluted ) Adjusted retroactively for reverse stock split 
 (1) The shares underlying the pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock have been included in the calculation of the weighted-average number of shares outstanding, basic and diluted, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Common stock options granted under the Plan ) 
 Common stock warrants ) 
 Total ) 
 ) Adjusted retroactively for reverse stock split 
 ___________________________ 
 (1) Shares of Class B common stock do not share in the Company s earnings and are not participating securities. Accordingly, separate presentation of loss per share of Class B common stock under the two-class method has not been provided. Each share of Class B common stock (together with a corresponding vTv Unit) is exchangeable for one share of Class A common stock. 
 
 Note 12: 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 Warrant liability Total 
 Balance at December 31, 2023 Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Liabilities: Warrant liability, related party (1) 
 Total 
 _____________________________ 
 (1) Fair value determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock over the most recent period. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of valuation. (2) CinRx is no longer deemed to be a related party. As a result the CinRx Warrants are no longer included. 
 
 Changes in Level 3 instruments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 Balance at January 1, 2024 Net Change in fair value included in earnings Purchases / Issuance Sales / Repurchases Reclass Balance at September 30, 2024 2024 Warrant liability, related party (1) 
 ) Warrant liability ) Total 2023 Warrant liability, related party ) Total ) 
 (1) CinRx is no longer deemed to be a related party. As a result the CinRx Warrants are no longer included. 
 
 There were no transfers into or out of level 3 instruments and/or between level 1 and level 2 instruments during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Gains and losses recognized due to the change in fair value of the warrant liability, related party are recognized as a component of other income (expense), related party in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 The fair value of the Letter Agreement Warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model or option pricing models based on the Company s current capitalization. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock over the most recent period. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in 
 22 

Table of Contents 

- 
 - 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 
 The fair value of the CinRx Warrants was determined using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. Expected volatility is based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock over the most recent period. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of valuation. Significant inputs utilized in the valuation of the CinRx Warrants as of September 30, 2024, were: 
 Expected volatility Expected life of options in years Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield 
 The weighted average expected volatility and risk-free interest rate was based on the relative fair values of the warrants. 

Note 13: 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements 
 In addition to historical financial information, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws regarding, among other things, our intentions, plans, estimates, assumptions, predictions and beliefs. Although we believe that these forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions that we have made in light of our experience in the industry, as well as our perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors that we believe are appropriate under the circumstances, our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this report under Part II, Other Information Item 1A, Risk Factors and under the heading Risk Factors under Item 1A of Part I in our Annual Report on Form 10-K. Forward-looking statements include information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations, business strategies and operations, financing plans, potential growth opportunities, potential market opportunities, potential results of our drug development efforts or trials, and the effects of competition. Forward-looking statements include all statements that are not historical facts and can be identified by terms such as anticipates, believes, could, seeks, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, projects, should, will, would or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. Given the numerous uncertainties and factors to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements and understand that these statements are not guarantees of performance or results. Also, forward-looking statements represent our management s plans, estimates, assumptions and beliefs only as of the date of this report. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 
 Company Overview 
 We are a clinical stage pharmaceutical company focused on treating metabolic and inflammatory diseases to minimize their long-term complications and improve the lives of patients. We have an innovative pipeline of first-in-class small molecule clinical and preclinical drug candidates. Our lead program is cadisegliatin , an orally administered, small molecule, liver-selective glucokinase activator GKA in development as an adjunctive therapy to insulin for the treatment of type 1 diabetes T1D ). 
 
 Recent Developments 
 On October 22, 2024, the Company, received notice from OnKure Therapeutics, formerly Reneo Pharmaceuticals, Inc. ("OnKure"), of its intent to terminate the License Agreement between vTv LLC and Reneo Pharmaceuticals, Inc., dated December 21, 2017, as amended December 20, 2021 (the Agreement ). Under the Agreement, the Company had granted OnKure an exclusive, worldwide license to intellectual property pertaining to the Company's peroxisome proliferator-activated receptor delta (ppar- agonist program. In its notice, OnKure indicated that it had decided to discontinue development of the program. Under the Agreement, the termination will become effective as of January 20, 2025. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 The following table summarizes our drug candidates , their partnership status and their respective stages of development: 
 
 These product candidates are under investigation and their safety and efficacy have not been established. There is no guarantee that these products will receive health authority approval or become commercially available for the uses being investigated. 

Our Type 1 Diabetes Program Cadisegliatin (TTP399) 
 The U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) granted Breakthrough Therapy designation in 2021 for cadisegliatin as an adjunctive therapy to insulin for the treatment of type 1 diabetes. The Breakthrough Therapy designation provides a sponsor with added support and the potential to expedite development and review timelines for a promising new investigational medicine. The Breakthrough Therapy designation for cadisegliatin in T1D was supported by the positive results from the Phase 2 SimpliciT-1 Study, a multi-center, randomized, double-blind, adaptive study assessing the safety and efficacy of cadisegliatin as an adjunct to insulin therapy in adults with T1D. In this trial, treatment with cadisegliatin resulted in a statistically significant improvement in HbA1c relative to placebo and a clinically meaningful decrease (40 in the frequency of severe and symptomatic hypoglycemia. Cadisegliatin demonstrated a favorable safety profile, in which abnormal levels of serum or urine ketones were detected less frequently in patients taking cadisegliatin than those taking placebo. 
 In May of 2023, the FDA issued new draft guidance on "Diabetes Mellitus: Efficacy Endpoints for Clinical Trials Investigating Antidiabetic Drugs and Biological Products" which, for the first time, permitted the use of hypoglycemia as an endpoint to support a label claim. Consistent with this guidance and with input from the FDA, we initiated our CATT1 trial to assess the effect of cadisegliatin on reducing the frequency of Level 2 hypoglycemia (blood glucose levels are less than 54 mg/dL or 3 mmol/L, regardless of symptoms) and Level 3 hypoglycemia ("severe" hypoglycemia e.g., requiring assistance of another person) in 150 patients with type 1 diabetes. On July 26, 2024, the FDA issued a clinical hold for the cadisegliatin program, including the CATT1 trial, based on the discovery of a chromatographic signal in a recent human absorption, distribution, metabolism, and excretion (ADME) study of cadisegliatin that could not be resolved by standard mass spectroscopy. The FDA will require a single in vitro study to characterize this signal before the cadisegliatin program, including the CATT1 trial, can resume. At the time of the clinical hold, no patient had been dosed in the CATT1 trial and past clinical studies did not reveal any clinically concerning safety issues. The Company has conducted activities to address the issue identified by FDA and restart clinical trial activities. 
 The Company continues to work on the design for two international registrational studies for cadisegliatin in type 1 diabetes, which we expect to start in 2026. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, we continue to work with our partner, G42 Investments AI Holding RSC Ltd. G42 ), to initiate a double-blind, randomized, controlled Phase 2 trial in the Middle East region in 450 insulin-using patients with type 2 diabetes. We expect that trial to begin in 2025. 
 
 Holding Company Structure 
 vTv Therapeutics Inc. is a holding company and its principal asset is a controlling equity interest in vTv Therapeutics LLC vTv LLC ), the principal operating subsidiary. We have determined that vTv LLC is a variable-interest entity VIE for accounting purposes and that vTv Therapeutics Inc. is the primary beneficiary of vTv LLC because (through its managing member interest in vTv LLC and the fact that the senior management of vTv Therapeutics Inc. is also the senior management of vTv LLC) it has the power to direct all of the activities of vTv LLC, which include those that most significantly impact vTv LLC s economic performance. vTv Therapeutics Inc. has therefore consolidated vTv LLC s results under the VIE accounting model in its consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Financial Overview 
 Revenue 
 To date, we have not generated any revenue from drug sales. Our revenue has been primarily derived from milestone payments, up-front proceeds and research fees under collaboration and license agreements. 
 In the future, we may generate revenue from a combination of product sales, license fees, milestone payments and royalties from the sales of products developed under licenses of our intellectual property. We expect that any revenue we generate will fluctuate from quarter to quarter as a result of the timing and amount of license fees, milestone and other payments, and the amount and timing of payments that we receive upon the sale of our products, to the extent any are successfully commercialized. If we fail to complete the development of our drug candidates in a timely manner or obtain regulatory approval for them, our ability to generate future revenue and our results of operations and financial position will be materially adversely affected. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Since our inception, we have focused our resources on our research and development activities, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, manufacturing development efforts and activities related to regulatory filings for our drug candidates. We recognize research and development expenses as they are incurred. Our direct research and development expenses consist primarily of external costs such as fees paid to investigators, consultants, central laboratories and clinical research organizations in connection with our clinical trials, and costs related to acquiring and manufacturing clinical trial materials. Our indirect research and development costs consist primarily of cash and share-based compensation costs, the cost of employee benefits and related overhead expenses for personnel in research and development functions. Since we typically use our employee and infrastructure resources across multiple research and development programs such costs are not allocated to the individual projects. 
 Our research and development expenses by project for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Direct research and development expense: Cadisegliatin 1,524 1,854 5,121 8,943 Other projects 110 163 515 475 Indirect research and development expense 1,590 807 3,676 2,039 Total research and development expense 3,224 2,824 9,312 11,457 
 Includes HPP737 and azeliragon 
 We plan to continue to incur significant research and development expenses for the foreseeable future as we continue the development of cadisegliatin and further advance the development of our other drug candidates, subject to the availability of additional funding. 
 The successful development of our clinical and preclinical drug candidates is highly uncertain. At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate the nature, timing or costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the remainder of the 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 development of any of our clinical or preclinical drug candidates or the period, if any, in which material net cash inflows from these drug candidates may commence. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development of our drug candidates, including: 
 the uncertainty of the duration of the clinical hold placed on the cadisegliatin program and the scope, rate of progress and expense of our clinical trials once resumed as well as any additional, clinical trials and other research and development activities; 
 the potential benefits of our candidates over other therapies; 
 our ability to market, commercialize and achieve market acceptance for any of our drug candidates that we are developing or may develop in the future; 
 future clinical trial results; 
 our ability to enroll patients in our clinical trials; 
 the timing and receipt of any regulatory approvals; 
 our ability to secure sufficient capital and cash resources, including access to available debt and equity financing and revenues from operations, to satisfy all of our short-term and longer-term cash requirements and other cash needs, at the times and in the amounts needed; 
 legislation and regulatory actions and changes in laws or regulations; and 
 the filing, prosecuting, defending and enforcing of patent claims and other intellectual property rights, and the expense of doing so. 
 A change in the outcome of any of these variables with respect to the development of a drug candidate could mean a significant change in the costs and timing associated with the development of that drug candidate. For example, if the FDA or another regulatory authority were to require us to conduct clinical trials beyond those that we currently anticipate will be required for the completion of clinical development of a drug candidate, or if we experience significant delays in enrollment in any of our clinical trials, we could be required to expend significant additional financial resources and time with respect to the development of that drug candidate. 
 General and Administrative Expenses 
 General and administrative expenses consist primarily of salaries, benefits and related costs for employees in executive, finance, corporate development, human resources and administrative support functions. Other significant general and administrative expenses include accounting and legal services, expenses associated with obtaining and maintaining patents, cost of various consultants, occupancy costs and information systems. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income represents noncash interest income related to the imputed interest from the G42 Promissory Note receivable using the effective interest method, which ended in 2023, and cash interest income from dividends and interest from our money market account, all of which are recognized in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. 
 Other Income (Expense), net 
 Other income (expense) primarily consists of unrealized gains or losses attributable to the changes in fair value of the equity investments in OnKure, the recognition of changes in fair value of the warrants to purchase shares of our Class A common stock, the loss from the G42 promissory note early redemption on February 28, 2023 and the impairment charge from Anteris Bio, Inc. Anteris liquidation and dissolution.. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning our results of operations for the periods shown: 
 (dollars in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Statement of operations data: 2024 2023 Change Revenue Operating expenses: Research and development 3,224 2,824 400 General and administrative 3,282 2,544 738 Total operating expenses 6,506 5,368 1,138 Operating loss (6,506) (5,368) (1,138) Interest income 504 131 373 Interest expense (4) 4 Other income (expense), net 162 (3,299) 3,461 Loss before income taxes and noncontrolling interest (5,840) (8,540) 2,700 Income tax provision Net loss before noncontrolling interest (5,840) (8,540) 2,700 Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest (1,057) (1,886) 829 Net loss attributable to vTv Therapeutics Inc. (4,783) (6,654) 1,871 
 Revenue 
 There was no revenue for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses were 3.2 million and 2.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in research and development expenses during this period of 0.4 million or 14.2 , was primarily driven by i) an increase in indirect costs and other projects of 0.7 million and offset by ii) lower spending on cadisegliatin of 0.3 million, due to decreases in toxicity study costs and drug manufacturing related costs partially offset by increases in clinical trial start-up costs. 
 General and Administrative Expense s 
 General and administrative expenses were 3.3 million and 2.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase in general and administrative expenses during this period of 0.7 million, or 29.0 , was primarily driven by i) increases of 0.3 million in share-based expense, ii) increases of 0.2 million in legal expenses and iii) increases of 0.2 million in payroll related costs. 
 Interest Income 
 Interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024, of 0.5 million, is related to dividend income from our money market accounts . Interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2023, of 0.1 million, is related to dividend income from our money market account. 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Other income was 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, and was driven by gains rel ated to the change in the fair value of the warrants to purchase shares of our own stock. Other expense was 3.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and was driven by an impairment charge on a cost-method investment of 4.2 million. This was partially offset by an unrealized gain from the Company s investment in OnKure and gains from changes in the fair value of warrants to purchase shares of our own stock issued to related parties. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table sets forth certain information concerning our results of operations for the periods shown: 
 (dollars in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, Statement of operations data: 2024 2023 Change Revenue 1,000 1,000 Operating expenses: Research and development 9,312 11,457 (2,145) General and administrative 10,976 9,338 1,638 Total operating expenses 20,288 20,795 (507) Operating loss (19,288) (20,795) 1,507 Interest income 1,136 384 752 Interest expense (6) 6 Other expense, net (16) (1,108) 1,092 Loss before income taxes and noncontrolling interest (18,168) (21,525) 3,357 Income tax provision 100 100 Net loss before noncontrolling interest (18,268) (21,525) 3,257 Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interest (3,440) (4,753) 1,313 Net loss attributable to vTv Therapeutics Inc. (14,828) (16,772) 1,944 
 Revenue 
 Revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes a 1.0 million increase to the transaction price for the license performance obligation under the Newsoara License Agreement due to the satisfaction of a development milestone. There was no revenue for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Research and Development Expenses 
 Research and development expenses were 9.3 million and 11.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The decrease in research and development expenses during the period of 2.1 million, or 18.7 , was primarily driven by i) lower spending on cadisegliatin of 3.8 million due to decreases in toxicity study costs and drug manufacturing related costs, partially offset by increases in clinical trial start-up costs, and ii) increases in indirect costs and other projects of 1.7 million. 
 General and Administrative Expense s 
 General and administrative expenses were 11.0 million and 9.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The increase of 1.6 million or 17.5 , was primarily driven by i) increases of 1.0 million in payroll costs, ii) increases of 0.7 million in legal expense, iii) increases of 0.5 million in share-based expense, partially offset by iv) decreases of 0.6 million in other general and administrative costs. 
 Interest income 
 Interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, of 1.1 million, is related to dividend income from our money market accounts . Interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 of 0.4 million is related to imputed interest on the G42 Promissory Note and dividend income from our money market account. 
 Other Expense Net 
 Other expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was immaterial. Other expense was 1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, and was driven by an impairment charge on a cost-method investment of 4.2 million. This was partially offset by an unrealized gain from the Company s investment in OnKure and gains from changes in the fair value of warrants to purchase shares of our own stock issued to related parties. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had an accumulated deficit of 296.1 million. Since our inception, we have experienced a history of negative cash flows from operating activities. We anticipate that we will continue to incur losses and negative cash flow from operations for the foreseeable future as we continue our clinical trials. Further, we expect that we will need additional capital to continue to fund our operations. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 41.6 million. 
 On February 27, 2024, the Company closed a private placement financing of up to 51.0 million and additionally granting investors the right to purchase up to an additional 30.0 million of common stock 18 months following the closing of the private placement financing. The financing raised will allow the Company to further advance its lead program for cadisegliatin . 
 In addition to available cash and cash equivalents and available funds discussed above, we are seeking possible additional partnering opportunities for our GKA, GLP-1r and other drug candidates which we believe may provide additional cash for use in our operations and the continuation of the clinical trials for our drug candidates. We are evaluating several financing strategies to fund our planned and ongoing clinical trials, including direct equity investments and future public offerings of our common stock. The timing and availability of such additional financing are not yet known. 
 ATM Offering 
 TD Cowen Sales Agreement 
 On February 28, 2024, we entered into a sales agreement (the "TD Cowen Sales Agreement") with Cowen and Company, LLC TD Cowen pursuant to which we may offer and sell, from time to time, through or to TD Cowen, as sales agent or principal, shares of our Class A common stock having an aggregate offering price of up to 50.0 million, although we may only offer and sell under the TD Cowen ATM Offering up to one-third of the aggregate market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates during any 12 calendar month period pursuant to General Instruction I.B.6 of Form S-3 . We are not obligated to sell any shares under the TD Cowen Sales Agreement. Under the terms of the TD Cowen Sales Agreement, we will pay TD Cowen a commission of 3 of the aggregate proceeds from the sale of shares and reimburse certain legal fees or other disbursements. As of September 30, 2024, we have sold 179,400 shares of Class A common stock under the TD Cowen ATM Offering for net proceeds of 2.5 million, leaving 47.5 million available to be sold. The shares are offered and sold pursuant to the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3. In no event will we sell Class A common stock under this registration statement with a value exceeding more than one-third of the public float (the market value of our Class A common stock and any other equity securities that we may issue in the future that are held by non-affiliates) in any 12-calendar month period so long as our public float remains below 75 million. 
 Cash Flows 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 (dollars in thousands) Net cash used in operating activities (20,482) (16,167) Net cash provided by financing activities 52,607 12,279 Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 32,125 (3,888) 
 Operating Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our net cash used in operating activities increased by 4.3 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 . The significant contributor to the change in cash used during the year was working capital changes. 
 Investing Activities 
 There were no cash flows from investing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 Financing Activities 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net cash provided by financing activities was driven by sales of our Class A common stock and proceeds from pre-funded warrants of 51.0 million from the Private Placement financing and 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 proceeds from the TD Cowen ATM Offering of 2.5 million. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023, net cash provided by financing activities was driven by the receipt of proceeds of 12.0 million from the G42 promissory note early redemption. 
 Future Funding Requirements 
 To date, we have not generated any revenue from drug product sales. We do not know when, or if, we will generate any revenue from drug product sales. We do not expect to generate revenue from drug sales unless and until we obtain regulatory approval of and commercialize any of our drug candidates. At the same time, we expect our expenses to continue or to increase in connection with our ongoing development activities, particularly as we continue the research, development and clinical trials of, and seek regulatory approval for, our drug candidates. In addition, subject to obtaining regulatory approval of any of our drug candidates, we expect to incur significant commercialization expenses for product sales, marketing, manufacturing and distribution. We anticipate that we will need substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing operations. 
 Based on our current operating plan, we believe that our current cash and cash equivalents will allow us to meet our liquidity requirements for at least the next twelve months. We plan to finance our operations through the use of our cash and cash equivalents, including funding activities needed to lift the clinical hold and resume the CATT1 trial. We continue to evaluate financing strategies to fund future clinical trials of cadisegliatin , including direct equity investments and the potential licensing and monetization of other Company programs. The timing of any such transactions is not certain, and we may not be able to complete such transactions on acceptable terms, or at all. Even if we are able to complete such transactions, they may contain restrictions on our operations or cause substantial dilution to our stockholders. We have based our estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we may use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of our drug candidates, we are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenditures necessary to complete the development of our drug candidates. Additionally, we may rely on our ability to sell shares of our Class A common stock pursuant to the ATM Offering. However, the ability to use this source of capital is dependent on a number of factors, including the prevailing market price of and the volume of trading in the Company s Class A common stock. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 the costs, results and timing needed to lift the clinical hold on the cadisegliatin program; 
 the progress, costs, results and timing of restarting our trials to evaluate cadisegliatin as a potential adjunctive therapy for the treatment of type 1 diabetes; 
 the willingness of the FDA to lift the clinical hold and to rely upon our completed and planned clinical and preclinical studies and other work, as the basis for review and approval of our drug candidates; 
 our ability to maintain control over our costs in line with our budget for our lead product candidate, cadisegliatin ; 
 the outcome, costs and timing of seeking and obtaining FDA and any other regulatory approvals; 
 the number and characteristics of drug candidates that we pursue, including our drug candidates in preclinical development; 
 the ability of our drug candidates to progress through clinical development successfully; 
 our need to expand our research and development activities; 
 the costs associated with securing, establishing and maintaining commercialization capabilities; 
 the costs of acquiring, licensing or investing in businesses, products, drug candidates and technologies; 
 our ability to maintain, expand and defend the scope of our intellectual property portfolio, including the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make, or that we may receive, in connection with the licensing, filing, prosecution, defense and enforcement of any patents or other intellectual property rights; 
 our need and ability to hire additional management, scientific, and medical personnel; 
 the effect of competing technological and market developments; 
 our need to implement additional internal systems and infrastructure, including financial and reporting systems; 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 the economic and other terms, timing and success of our existing licensing arrangements and any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter in the future; and 
 the amount of any payments we are required to make to M F TTP Holdings Two LLC in the future under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial revenue from drug sales, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of equity offerings, debt financings, marketing and distribution arrangements and other collaborations, strategic alliances and licensing arrangement s. 
 To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interests of our common stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing and preferred equity financing, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants that will further limit or restrict our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through collaborations, strategic alliances or marketing, distribution or licensing arrangements with third parties, we may be required to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams or drug candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of September 30, 2024, we did not have outstanding any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined under SEC rules. 
 
 Discussion of Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 For a discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates, please refer to Part II, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates in 2024. 
 
 Forward-Looking Statements 
 This quarterly report includes certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws regarding, among other things, our management s intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations, or predictions of future events, which are considered forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on those statements because they are subject to numerous uncertainties and factors relating to our operations and business environment, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Forward-looking statements include information concerning our possible or assumed future results of operations, including descriptions of our business strategy. These statements often include words such as anticipates, believes, could, seeks, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, potential, predicts, projects, should, will, would or similar expressions and the negatives of those terms. These statements are based upon assumptions that we have made in light of our experience in the industry, as well as our perceptions of historical trends, current conditions, expected future developments and other factors that we believe are appropriate under the circumstances. As you read this quarterly report, you should understand that these statements are not guarantees of performance or results. They involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and assumptions, including those described under the heading Risk Factors under Item 1A of Part I in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and under Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Although we believe that these forward-looking statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, you should be aware that many factors, including those described under the heading Risk Factors under Item 1A of Part I in our Annual Report on Form 10-K and under Item 1A of Part II of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, could affect our actual financial results or results of operations and could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. 
 Our forward-looking statements made herein are made only as of the date of this quarterly report. We expressly disclaim any intent, obligation or undertaking to update or revise any forward-looking statements made herein to reflect any change in our expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions, or circumstances on which any such statements are based. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in this quarterly report. 
 
 Effect of Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See discussion of recent accounting pronouncements in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-Q. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We do not currently have any material interest rate exposure. 
 Market Risk 
 Our exposure to market risk is limited to our cash and cash equivalents, all of which have maturities of one year or less. The goals of our investment strategy are preservation of capital, fulfillment of liquidity needs and fiduciary control of cash and investments. We also seek to maximize income from our investments without assuming significant risk. To achieve our goals, we maintain cash and cash equivalents with multiple financial institutions that management believes to be of high credit quality. 
 Foreign Currency Risk 
 We do not have any material foreign currency exposure. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer (our Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (our Principal Financial Officer), management has evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934) as of September 30, 2024. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective in causing material information relating to us (including our consolidated subsidiaries) to be recorded, processed, summarized, and reported by management on a timely basis and to ensure the quality and timeliness of our public disclosures pursuant to SEC disclosure obligations. 
 Our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, does not expect that our disclosure controls and procedures will prevent all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, with the Company have been detected. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error and mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of controls. 
 The design of any system of controls also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Over time, a control may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or because the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected. 
 Changes to Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during our most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Website Availability of Reports and other Corporate Governance Information 
 The Company maintains a comprehensive corporate governance program, including Corporate Governance Guidelines for its Board of Directors, Board Guidelines for Assessing Director Independence, and charters for its Audit Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee and Compensation Committee. The Company maintains a corporate investor relations website, www.vtvtherapeutics.com, where stockholders and other interested persons may review, without charge, among other things, corporate governance materials and certain SEC filings, which are generally available on the same business day as the filing date with the SEC on the SEC s website http://www.sec.gov. The contents of our website are not made a part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are not currently a party to any material legal proceedings. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our risk factors are set forth under the heading Risk Factors under Item 1A of Part I in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. There have been no material changes to our risk factors from those previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 None. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the third fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or executive officers or any contract, instruction or written plan for the purchase or sale of our securities to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule 10b5-1(c) or any non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement. 
 
 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Description 31.1 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) ___________________________ 
 Filed herewith 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 Date: November 12, 2024 
 VTV THERAPEUTICS INC. (Registrant) By: /s/ Paul J. Sekhri Paul J. Sekhri President, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairperson 
 By: /s/ Steven Tuch Steven Tuch Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 
 
 35 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 vtvt-20240930xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Paul J. Sekhri, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of vTv Therapeutics Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Paul J. Sekhri Paul J. Sekhri President, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairperson 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 vtvt-20240930xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 SECTION 302 CERTIFICATION 
 I, Steven Tuch, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of vTv Therapeutics Inc. (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Steven Tuch Steven Tuch Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 vtvt-20240930xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of vTv Therapeutics Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Paul J. Sekhri, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in my capacity as an officer of the Company that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Paul J. Sekhri Paul J. Sekhri President, Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairperson 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 vtvt-20240930xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of vTv Therapeutics Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Steven Tuch, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, in my capacity as an officer of the Company that, to my knowledge 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 12, 2024 
 By s Steven Tuch Steven Tuch Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 vtvt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 vtvt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 vtvt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 vtvt-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 vtvt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

