<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_59255_0001558370-24-014868.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12182690</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>164637</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1607243</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4427957</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2123703</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3521248</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-24-014868.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107161551
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-24-014868
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			VALHI INC /DE/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000059255
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL INORGANIC CHEMICALS [2810]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				870110150
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-05467
		FILM NUMBER:		241435982

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5430 LBJ FRWY
		STREET 2:		STE 1700
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		9722331700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		THREE LINCOLN CENTER
		STREET 2:		5430 LBJ FREEWAY SUITE 1700
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240-2620

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LLC CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19870329

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	LIBERTY LOAN CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19800414

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-24-014868.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 vhl-20240930x10q.htm
 10-Q

Table of Contents 
 as UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number 

 (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive office) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No . Number of shares of the registrant s common stock, .01 par value per share, outstanding on November 1, 2024: 

Table of Contents 
 VALHI, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES INDEX 

Page number Part I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 3 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) Three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 5 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited) Three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 6 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (unaudited) Three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 7 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) Nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 8 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 10 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 30 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 50 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 50 Part II. OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 51 Item 1A. Risk Factors 51 Item 6. Exhibits 52 Items 2, 3, 4 and 5 of Part II are omitted because there is no information to report. 

Table of Contents 
 VALHI, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (In millions) 

ASSETS December 31, September 30, 2023 2024 (unaudited) Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash equivalents Marketable securities Accounts and other receivables, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other Total current assets Other assets: Marketable securities Investment in TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture Goodwill Deferred income taxes Other assets Total other assets Property and equipment: Land Buildings Equipment Mining properties Construction in progress Less accumulated depreciation and amortization Net property and equipment Total assets 

 3 

Table of Contents 
 VALHI, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED) (In millions) 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY December 31, September 30, 2023 2024 (unaudited) Current liabilities: Current maturities of long-term debt Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Income taxes Total current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities: Long-term debt Accrued pension costs Accrued environmental remediation and related costs Deferred income taxes Payable to affiliate - income taxes Other liabilities Total noncurrent liabilities Equity: Preferred stock Common stock Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Treasury stock, at cost ) ) Total Valhi stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries Total equity Total liabilities and equity Commitments and contingencies (Notes 13, 16 and 19) See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 VALHI, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (In millions, except per share data) 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 (unaudited) Revenues and other income: Net sales Other income, net Total revenues and other income Cost and other expense (income): Cost of sales Selling, general and administrative Gain on remeasurement of investment in TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture ) ) Other components of net periodic pension and OPEB expense Interest Other ) ) Total costs and other expense (income) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Noncontrolling interest in net income of subsidiaries Net income (loss) attributable to Valhi stockholders ) ) Amounts attributable to Valhi stockholders: Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 5 

Table of Contents 
 VALHI, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (In millions) 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 (unaudited) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Currency translation ) ) ) Defined benefit pension plans Other ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net ) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interest Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Valhi stockholders ) ) See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 6 

Table of Contents 
 VALHI, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (In millions) 

Three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 (unaudited) Accumulated Additional other Non- Common paid-in Retained comprehensive Treasury controlling stock capital earnings loss stock interest Total Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) ) Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest ) ) Cash dividends - per share ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest ) ) Cash dividends - per share ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 (unaudited) Accumulated Additional other Non- Common paid-in Retained comprehensive Treasury controlling stock capital earnings loss stock interest Total Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) ) Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest ) ) Cash dividends - per share ) ) Equity transactions with noncontrolling interest, net and other ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net ) ) ) Dividends paid to noncontrolling interest ) ) Cash dividends - per share ) ) Equity transactions with noncontrolling interest, net and other Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 7 

Table of Contents 
 VALHI, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (In millions) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 2024 (unaudited) Cash flows from operating activities: Net income (loss) ) Depreciation and amortization Gain on remeasurement of investment in TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture ) Premium on issuance of senior secured notes Loss on pension plan termination Benefit plan expense less than cash funding ) ) Deferred income taxes ) Contributions to TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture, net ) ) Gain from sale of land ) Other, net ) Change in assets and liabilities: Accounts and other receivables, net ) ) Inventories, net Land held for development, net Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Income taxes Accounts with affiliates ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Capital expenditures ) ) Acquisition of remaining TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture interest, net of cash acquired ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Proceeds from disposal of marketable securities Proceeds from land sales Other, net Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Kronos revolving credit facility: Borrowings Payments ) Payments on long-term debt ) ) Kronos term loan from Contran Proceeds from issuance of senior secured notes Deferred financing fees ) Valhi cash dividends paid ) ) Distributions to noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries ) ) Subsidiary treasury stock acquired ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) 

 8 

Table of Contents 
 VALHI, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (CONTINUED) (In millions) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 2024 (unaudited) Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash and cash equivalents - net change from: Operating, investing and financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rates on cash ) Balance at beginning of period Balance at end of period Supplemental disclosures: Cash paid for: Interest, net of amounts capitalized Income taxes, net Noncash investing activities: Change in accruals for capital expenditures See accompanying Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements . 

 9 

Table of Contents 
 VALHI, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES NOTES TO CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS September 30, 2024 (unaudited) of our outstanding common stock at September 30, 2024. A majority of Contran s outstanding voting stock is held directly by Lisa K. Simmons and by family stockholders (Thomas C. Connelly (the husband of Ms. Simmons late sister), a family-owned entity and various family trusts established for the benefit of Ms. Simmons, Mr. Connelly and their children) who are required to vote their shares of Contran voting stock in the same manner as Ms. Simmons. Such voting rights are personal to Ms. Simmons and last through April 22, 2030. The remainder of Contran s outstanding voting stock is held by another trust (the Family Trust ), which was established for the benefit of Ms. Simmons and her late sister and their children and for which a third-party financial institution serves as trustee. Consequently, at September 30, 2024, Ms. Simmons and the Family Trust may be deemed to control Contran and us . joint venture interest in Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. LPC previously held by Venator Investments, Ltd. Venator ). Prior to the acquisition, Kronos held a joint venture interest in LPC and LPC was operated as a manufacturing joint venture between Kronos and Venator. Following the acquisition, LPC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kronos. For financial reporting purposes, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of LPC have been included in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024, and the results of operations and cash flows of LPC have been included in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Cash Flows beginning as of the Acquisition Date. See Note 19 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Unless otherwise indicated, references in this report to we, us or our refer to Valhi, Inc. and its subsidiaries (NYSE: VHI), taken as a whole. 

 10 

Table of Contents 
 million with a corresponding increase in retained earnings as of December 31, 2023. Additionally, retained earnings increased by million, million, million, and million, as of December 31, 2022, March 31, 2023, June 30, 2023 and September 30, 2023, respectively. In addition, our income tax benefit increased by million and million for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Net loss and comprehensive loss decreased correspondingly in the same periods. Basic and diluted net loss per share were decreased by for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. There was change to basic and diluted net loss per share for the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. There was also change to cash flows used in operating , investing , or financing activities for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. Component products CompX Real estate management and development BMI and LandWell - Our control of Kronos includes approximately we hold directly and approximately held directly by NL. We own approximately of NL. Our control of CompX is through NL. We own approximately of BMI. Our control of LandWell includes the approximately we hold directly and held by BMI. 

 11 

Table of Contents 
 Component products Real estate management and development Total net sales Cost of sales: Chemicals Component products Real estate management and development Total cost of sales Gross margin: Chemicals Component products Real estate management and development Total gross margin Operating income (loss): Chemicals ) ) Component products Real estate management and development Total operating income General corporate items: Interest income and other Gain on remeasurement of investment in TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture Insurance recoveries Gain on land sales Other components of net periodic pension and OPEB expense ) ) ) ) Changes in market value of Valhi common stock held by subsidiaries ) General expenses, net ) ) ) ) Interest expense ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes ) ) Segment results we report may differ from amounts separately reported by our various subsidiaries due to purchase accounting adjustments and related amortization or differences in the way we define operating income. Intersegment sales are not material. Included in the determination of Chemicals operating loss is a business interruption insurance settlement gain of million and million recognized in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively. See Note 12. Infrastructure reimbursements and land related income is included in the determination of Real Estate Management and Development operating income. See Note 12. 

 12 

Table of Contents 
 CompX BMI/LandWell VAT and other receivables Refundable income taxes Receivables from affiliates: LPC Contran - trade items Other Allowance for doubtful accounts ) ) Total Component products Total raw materials Work in process: Chemicals Component products Total in-process products Finished products: Chemicals Component products Total finished products Supplies (chemicals) Total 

 13 

Table of Contents 
 Noncurrent assets ) September 30, 2024: Current assets Noncurrent assets Our marketable securities consist of investments in marketable equity and debt securities. We classify all of our marketable securities as available-for-sale. Our marketable equity securities are carried at fair value using quoted market prices, primarily Level 1 inputs as defined by ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and Disclosures , with any unrealized gains or losses on the securities recognized in other income, net on our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. At December 31, 2023 our current marketable securities were primarily debt securities invested in U.S. government treasuries. The fair value of our marketable debt securities is generally determined using Level 2 inputs because although these securities are traded in many cases, the market is not active and the quarter-end valuation is generally based on the last trade of the quarter, which may be several days prior to quarter end. We accumulate unrealized gains and losses on marketable debt securities as part of accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), net of related deferred income taxes. Operating lease right-of-use assets Pension asset Land held for development IBNR receivables Restricted cash and cash equivalents Other Total 

 14 

Table of Contents 
 Subsidiary debt: Kronos: Kronos International, Inc. Senior Secured Notes due 2029 Kronos International, Inc. Senior Secured Notes due 2025 Subordinated, Unsecured Term Loan from Contran Revolving credit facility LandWell: Note payable to Western Alliance Business Trust Total subsidiary debt Total debt Less current maturities Total long-term debt Valhi Contran credit facility During the first nine months of 2024, we had borrowings and repaid million under this facility. The average interest rate on the credit facility for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was . At September 30, 2024, the interest rate was and million was available for borrowing under this facility. Kronos Senior Secured Notes due 2029 On February 12, 2024, for certain eligible holders of existing Senior Secured Notes due 2025 (the Old Notes of Kronos wholly-owned subsidiary Kronos International, Inc. (KII), KII executed an exchange of million principal amount of the outstanding Old Notes for newly issued million aggregate outstanding Senior Secured Notes due March 2029 (the New Notes and together with the Old Notes and the Additional New Notes (as defined below), the Senior Secured Notes plus additional cash consideration of million million). Holders of the Old Notes received for each principal amount of Old Notes exchanged, in principal amount of New Notes, plus a cash payment in an amount equal to . Following the exchange, Old Notes totaling million principal amount that were not exchanged continue to remain outstanding. In connection with the exchange, the indenture governing the Old Notes was amended to conform to the restrictive covenants in the indenture governing the New Notes and to make other conforming changes. KII did not receive any cash proceeds from the issuance and delivery of the New Notes in connection with the exchange. Kronos also entered into a million unsecured term loan from Contran Corporation (described below) in connection with the exchange. On July 30, 2024, KII issued an additional million principal amount of Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the Additional New Notes and together with the New Notes the Senior Secured Notes due 2029 ). The Additional New Notes are additional notes to the existing million aggregate principal amount of New Notes issued on February 12, 2024. The Additional New Notes were issued at a premium of of their principal amount, plus accrued interest from February 12, 2024, resulting in net proceeds of approximately million after fees and estimated expenses. The Additional New Notes are fungible with the New Notes, are treated as a single series with the New Notes and have the same terms as the New Notes, other than their date of issuance and issue price. The proceeds from the Additional New Notes were used to pay down borrowings under the million global revolving credit facility (the Global Revolver ). The Senior Secured Notes due 2029: per annum, payable on March 15 and September 15 of each year, payments began on ; have a maturity date of March 15, 2029. Prior to March 15, 2026, Kronos may redeem some or all of the Senior Secured Notes due 2029 at a price equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus an applicable premium as of the date of the redemption as described in the indenture governing its Senior Secured Notes due 2029 plus accrued and unpaid interest. On or after March 15, 2026, Kronos may redeem the Senior Secured Notes due 2029 at redemption prices ranging from of the principal amount, declining to on or after March 15, 2028, plus accrued and unpaid interest. In addition, on or before March 15, 2026, Kronos may redeem up to of the Senior Secured Notes due 2029 with the net proceeds of certain public or private equity offerings at of the principal amount, plus accrued and unpaid interest, provided that following the redemption at least of the Senior Secured Notes due 

 15 

Table of Contents 
 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 , Kronos would be required to make an offer to purchase the Senior Secured Notes due 2029 at of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest. Kronos would also be required to make an offer to purchase a specified portion of the Senior Secured Notes due 2029 a t par value, plus accrued and unpaid interest, in the event that Kronos and its subsidiaries generate a certain amount of net proceeds from the sale of assets outside the ordinary course of business, and such net proceeds are not otherwise used for specified purposes within a specified time period as described in the indenture governing Kronos Senior Secured Notes due 2029; are fully and unconditionally guaranteed, jointly and severally, on a senior secured basis by Kronos Worldwide, Inc. and each of its direct and indirect domestic, wholly-owned subsidiaries; are collateralized by a first priority lien on (i) of the common stock or other ownership interests of each existing and future direct domestic subsidiary of KII and the guarantors, and (ii) of the voting common stock or other ownership interests and of the non-voting common stock or other ownership interests of each non-U.S. subsidiary that is directly owned by KII or any guarantor; contain a number of covenants and restrictions which, among other things, restrict Kronos ability to incur or guarantee additional debt, incur liens, pay dividends or make other restricted payments, or merge or consolidate with, or sell or transfer substantially all of its assets to, another entity, and contain other provisions and restrictive covenants customary in lending transactions of this type (however, there are no ongoing financial maintenance covenants); and contain customary default provisions, including a default under any of Kronos other indebtedness in excess of million. 
 At September 30, 2024, the carrying value of the Senior Secured Notes due 2029 million aggregate principal amount outstanding plus million of unamortized premium) is stated net of unamortized debt issuance costs of million. As a result of the note exchange, in the first quarter of 2024 Kronos recognized a non-cash pre-tax interest charge of million included in interest expense related to the write-off of the deferred financing costs associated with the Old Notes. As of September 30, 2024, Kronos has capitalized million in debt issuance costs associated with the Senior Secured Notes due 2029. Senior Secured Notes due 2025 At September 30, 2024, the carrying value of Kronos remaining Old Notes million aggregate principal amount outstanding) is million. In connection with the issuance of the New Notes in February 2024, the indenture governing the Old Notes was amended to conform to the restrictive covenants in the indenture governing the New Notes and to make other conforming changes. Subordinated, Unsecured Term Loan from Contran As part of the refinancing of a majority of Kronos Old Notes discussed above, Kronos borrowed million million) from Contran through the issuance of an unsecured, subordinated term promissory note dated February 12, 2024 (the Contran Term Loan ). The Contran Term Loan is guaranteed by Kronos domestic wholly-owned subsidiaries. Kronos obligations under the Contran Term Loan, and the obligations of the guarantors under the related guaranties, are unsecured and subordinated in right of payment to Kronos Senior Secured Notes and its Global Revolver. Interest on the Contran Term Loan is payable in cash. Subsequent to the issuance of the Additional New Notes, in August 2024, the Contran Term Loan was amended to change the interest rate from to . The amended rate reflects the effective interest rate of the Additional New Notes plus an additional interest rate spread of which is based upon comparable debt transactions at the time of the issuance of the Additional New Notes. The Contran Term Loan matures on demand (but no earlier than September 2029), is not subject to any amortization payments and is prepayable at par beginning in March 2026. The restrictive covenants in the Contran Term Loan are substantially similar to those contained in the indenture governing Kronos Senior Secured Notes. In accordance with Kronos related party transaction policy, the audit committee of its board of directors, comprised of the independent directors, approved the terms and conditions of the original and amended Contran Term Loan. Revolving credit facility Effective July 17, 2024, Kronos completed an amendment to its Global Revolver (the Second Amendment ). Among other things, the Second Amendment increased the maximum borrowing amount from million to million, extended the maturity date to July 2029 and expanded the agreement to include LPC and LPC s receivables and certain of its inventories in the borrowing base. See Note 19 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Available borrowings are based on formula-determined amounts of eligible trade receivables and inventories, as defined in the agreement, less any outstanding letters of credit issued under the Global Revolver. Borrowings by Kronos Canadian, Belgian and German subsidiaries are limited to U.S. million, million and million, respectively. Any amounts outstanding under the Global Revolver bear interest, at Kronos option, at the applicable non-base rate (SOFR, adjusted CORRA or EURIBOR, depending on the currency of the borrowing) plus a margin ranging from to , or at the applicable base rate, as defined in the agreement, plus a margin ranging from to . U.S. Dollar or Canadian Dollar non-base rate loans, as well as Euro non-base rate and Euro base rate loans are subject to a floor, 

 16 

Table of Contents 
 to 1.0. During the first nine months of 2024, Kronos borrowed million and repaid million under its Global Revolver. The average interest rate on outstanding borrowings for the year-to-date period ended September 30, 2024 was , and at September 30, 2024, the interest rate on the outstanding borrowings was . At September 30, 2024, approximately million was available for borrowing. Other We are in compliance with all of our debt covenants at September 30, 2024. CompX BMI/LandWell Total Payables to affiliates: LPC Contran - income taxes Deferred income Employee benefits Accrued sales discounts and rebates Accrued development costs Accrued litigation settlement Environmental remediation and related costs Operating lease liabilities Interest Other Total The accrued litigation settlement is discussed in Note 16. Operating lease liabilities Insurance claims and expenses Asset retirement obligations Deferred income Other postretirement benefits Employee benefits Earn-out liability Accrued litigation settlement Other Total The accrued litigation settlement is discussed in Note 16. See Notes 17 and 19 for additional details related to the acquisition earn-out liability. 

 17 

Table of Contents 
 Germany Canada Norway Belgium Eliminations ) ) ) ) Total Net sales - point of destination: Europe North America Other Total The following table disaggregates the net sales of our Component Products Segment by major product line. 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 (In millions) Net sales: Security products Marine components Total Substantially all of the Real Estate Management and Development Segment s sales are related to land sales in the third quarter and the first nine months of 2023 and 2024. Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Recognized net actuarial losses Settlements Total In the second quarter of 2023, we completed a termination and buy-out of our United Kingdom pension plan resulting in a million settlement loss. We expect to contribute the equivalent of approximately million to all of our defined benefit pension plans 

 18 

Table of Contents 
 Securities transactions, net Total Infrastructure reimbursement Currency transactions, net Insurance recoveries Gain on land sales Other, net Total Infrastructure reimbursement As disclosed in Note 7 to our 2023 Annual Report, under an Owner Participation Agreement OPA entered into by LandWell with the Redevelopment Agency of the City of Henderson, Nevada, as LandWell develops certain real property for commercial and residential purposes in its master planned community in Henderson, Nevada, the cost of certain public infrastructure may be reimbursed to LandWell through tax increment. LandWell received million and million during the third quarters of 2023 and 2024; respectively, which was recognized as other income and is evidenced by a promissory note issued to LandWell by the City of Henderson. LandWell has agreements with certain utility providers servicing the Cadence master planned community under which certain costs incurred for the development of power infrastructure may be reimbursed to LandWell. LandWell received million and million in reimbursement during the first nine months of 2023 and 2024, respectively, for past costs incurred. Insurance recoveries Kronos recognized an aggregate gain of million related to its Hurricane Laura business interruption claim in the first nine months of 2023. NL received million and million in insurance recoveries during the first nine months of 2023 and 2024, respectively. Land sales In the second quarter of 2023, we sold excess property not used in our operations for net proceeds of approximately million and recognized a pre-tax gain of million. 

 19 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Non-U.S. tax rates ) ) Incremental net tax benefit on earnings and losses of U.S. and non-U.S. tax group companies ) ) Global intangible low-tax income, net Valuation allowance, net Adjustment to the reserve for uncertain tax positions, net ) Adjustment of prior year taxes, net ) ) Nondeductible expenses U.S. state income taxes and other, net ) Income tax expense (benefit) ) ) Comprehensive provision (benefit) for income taxes allocable to: Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss): Currency translation ) ) ) Pension plans Other ) ) Total ) ) The amount shown in the preceding table of our income tax rate reconciliation for non-U.S. tax rates represents the result determined by multiplying the pre-tax earnings or losses of each of our non-U.S. subsidiaries by the difference between the applicable statutory income tax rate for each non-U.S. jurisdiction and the U.S. federal statutory tax rate. The amount shown on such table for incremental net tax benefit on earnings and losses on non-U.S. and non-tax group companies includes, as applicable, (i) deferred income taxes (or deferred income tax benefits) associated with the current year earnings (losses) of all our Chemicals Segment s non-U.S. subsidiaries, (ii) current U.S. income taxes (or current income tax benefit) including U.S. personal holding company tax, as applicable, attributable to current-year income (losses) of one of our Chemicals Segment s non-U.S. subsidiaries, which subsidiary is treated as a dual resident for U.S. income tax purposes, to the extent the current year income (losses) of such subsidiary is subject to U.S. income tax under the U.S. dual-resident provisions of the Internal Revenue Code, (iii) deferred income taxes associated with our direct investment in Kronos and (iv) current and deferred income taxes associated with distributions and earnings from our investments in LandWell and BMI. See Note 1 for additional information related to the revision impacting income taxes. Tax authorities are examining certain of our U.S. and non-U.S. income tax returns and may propose tax deficiencies, including penalties and interest. We believe we have adequate accruals for additional taxes and related interest expense which could ultimately result from tax examinations. We believe the ultimate disposition of tax examinations should not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity. We currently estimate that our unrecognized tax benefits will not change materially during the next twelve months. 

 20 

Table of Contents 
 NL Industries CompX International BMI LandWell Total NL Industries ) CompX International BMI LandWell Total 

 21 

Table of Contents 
 Other comprehensive income: Unrealized gain arising during the period Balance at end of period Currency translation: Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) arising during the period ) ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) Defined benefit pension plans: Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income: Amortization of prior service cost and net losses included in net periodic pension cost Plan settlement Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) OPEB plans: Balance at beginning of period Other comprehensive income: Amortization of prior service credit and net losses included in net periodic OPEB cost ) ) ) ) Balance at end of period Total accumulated other comprehensive loss: Balance at beginning of period ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) Balance at end of period ) ) ) ) Other During the first nine months of 2023, Kronos acquired shares of its common stock in market transactions for an aggregate purchase price of million. At September 30, 2024, approximately million shares were available for repurchase under Kronos stock repurchase program. 

 22 

Table of Contents 
 cases over a period for which NL was previously a party and for which NL has been dismissed without any finding of liability . 
 Accordingly, we have not accrued any amounts for any of the pending lead pigment and lead-based paint litigation cases filed by or on behalf of states, counties, cities or their public housing authorities and school districts, or those asserted as class actions. In addition, we have determined that liability to NL which may result, if any, cannot be reasonably estimated at this time because there is no prior history of a loss of this nature on which an estimate could be made and there is no substantive information available upon which an estimate could be based. In the terms of the County of Santa Clara v. Atlantic Richfield Company, et al. (Superior Court of the State of California, County of Santa Clara, Case No. 1-00-CV-788657) global settlement agreement, NL has one installment payment of million remaining which is due in September 2025. NL s remaining installment will be made with funds already on deposit at the court, which are included in current restricted cash on our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets, that are committed to the settlement, including all accrued interest at the date of payment, with amounts on deposit in excess of the final payment returned to NL. See Note 18 to our 2023 Annual Report. New cases may continue to be filed against NL. We do not know if we will incur liability in the future in respect to any of the pending or possible litigation in view of the inherent uncertainties involved in court and jury rulings. In the future, if new information regarding such matters becomes available to us (such as a final, non-appealable adverse verdict against NL or otherwise ultimately being found liable with respect to such matters), at that time we would consider such information in evaluating any remaining cases then-pending against NL as to whether it might then have become probable we have incurred liability with respect to these matters, and whether such liability, if any, could have become reasonably estimable. The resolution of any of these cases could result in the recognition of a loss contingency accrual that could have a material adverse impact on our net income for the interim or annual period during which such liability is recognized and a material adverse impact on our consolidated financial condition and liquidity. Environmental matters and litigation Our operations are governed by various environmental laws and regulations. Certain of our businesses are and have been engaged in the handling, manufacture or use of substances or compounds that may be considered toxic or hazardous within the meaning of applicable environmental laws and regulations. As with other companies engaged in similar businesses, certain of our past and current operations and products have the potential to cause environmental or other damage. Our businesses have implemented and continue to implement various policies and programs in an effort to minimize these risks. Our policy is to maintain compliance with applicable environmental laws and regulations at all of our plants and to strive to improve environmental performance. From time to time, our businesses may be subject to environmental regulatory enforcement under U.S. and non-U.S. statutes, the resolution of which typically 

 23 

Table of Contents 

24 

Table of Contents 
 Additions charged to expense, net Payments, net ) Balance at the end of the period Amounts recognized in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at the end of the period: Current liabilities Noncurrent liabilities Total NL On a quarterly basis, NL evaluates the potential range of its liability for environmental remediation and related costs at sites where it has been named as a PRP or defendant. At September 30, 2024, NL had accrued approximately million related to approximately sites associated with remediation and related matters it believes are at the present time and/or in their current phase reasonably estimable. The upper end of the range of reasonably possible costs to NL for remediation and related matters for which NL believes it is possible to estimate costs is approximately million, including the amount currently accrued. NL believes that it is not reasonably possible to estimate the range of costs for certain sites. At September 30, 2024, there were approximately sites for which NL is not currently able to reasonably estimate a range of costs. For these sites, generally the investigation is in the early stages, and NL is unable to determine whether or not NL actually had any association with the site, the nature of its responsibility, if any, for the contamination at the site, if any, and the extent of contamination at and cost to remediate the site. The timing and availability of information on these sites is dependent on events outside of NL s control, such as when the party alleging liability provides information to NL. At certain of these previously inactive sites, NL has received general and special notices of liability from the EPA and/or state agencies alleging that NL, sometimes with other PRPs, is liable for past and future costs of remediating environmental contamination allegedly caused by former operations. These notifications may assert that NL, along with any other alleged PRPs, is liable for past and/or future clean-up costs. As further information becomes available to us for any of these sites which would allow us to estimate a range of costs, we would at that time adjust our accruals. Any such adjustment could result in the recognition of an accrual that would have a material effect on our consolidated financial statements, results of operations and liquidity. Other We have also accrued approximately million at September 30, 2024 for other environmental cleanup matters which represents our best estimate of the liability. Insurance coverage claims NL NL is involved in certain legal proceedings with a number of its former insurance carriers regarding the nature and extent of the carriers obligations to NL under insurance policies with respect to certain lead pigment and asbestos lawsuits. The issue of whether insurance coverage for defense costs or indemnity or both will be found to exist for NL s lead pigment and asbestos litigation depends upon a variety of factors, and we cannot assure you that such insurance coverage will be available. NL has agreements with certain of its former insurance carriers pursuant to which the carriers reimburse it for a portion of its future lead pigment litigation defense costs and one such carrier reimburses us for a portion of NL s future asbestos litigation defense costs. We are not able to determine how much NL will ultimately recover from these carriers for defense costs incurred by NL because of certain issues that arise regarding which defense costs qualify for reimbursement. While NL continues to seek additional insurance recoveries, we do not know if we will be successful in obtaining reimbursement for either defense costs or indemnity. Accordingly, we recognize insurance recoveries in income only when receipt of the recovery is probable and we are able to reasonably estimate the amount of the recovery. For a complete discussion of certain litigation involving NL and certain of its former insurance carriers, refer to our 2023 Annual Report. 

 25 

Table of Contents 
 Long-term debt: Kronos fixed rate Senior Secured Notes due 2029 Kronos fixed rate Senior Secured Notes due 2025 Kronos revolving credit facility LandWell bank note payable At September 30, 2024, the estimated market price of Kronos Senior Secured Notes due 2029 was per principal amount, and the estimated market price of Kronos Senior Secured Notes due 2025 was per principal amount. The fair values of Kronos Senior Secured Notes were based on quoted market prices; however, these quoted market prices represented Level 2 inputs because the markets in which the Senior Secured Notes trade were not active. Due to the variable interest rate, the carrying amount of Kronos revolving credit facility is deemed to approximate fair value. The fair value of other fixed-rate debt, which represents Level 2 inputs, is deemed to approximate carrying value. See Note 7. Due to their near-term maturities, the carrying amounts of accounts receivable and accounts payable are considered equivalent to fair value. See Notes 3 and 8. employees. Kronos recognized a total of approximately million in charges primarily in the fourth quarter of 2023 related to workforce reductions it implement e d during the sec ond h a l f o f t h e y e a r. In the third quarter of 2024, Kronos closed its sulfate process line at its plant in Varennes, Canada. As a result of the sulfate process line closure, Kronos recognized charges to cost of sales in the first nine months of 2024 of approximately million related to workforce reductions for employees impacted and approximately million in non-cash charges primarily related to accelerated depreciation. 

 26 

Table of Contents 
 Workforce reduction costs accrued Workforce reduction costs paid ) Currency translation adjustments, net ) Accrued workforce reduction costs at September 30, 2024 Amounts recognized in the balance sheet: Current liability Noncurrent liability Total joint venture interest in LPC for consideration of million less a working capital adjustment of million. An additional earn-out payment of up to million may be required if Kronos aggregate consolidated net income before interest expense, income taxes and depreciation and amortization expense, or EBITDA, during a period comprising calendar years 2025 and 2026 exceed certain thresholds as described below. Prior to the acquisition, Kronos held a joint venture interest in LPC and LPC was operated as a joint venture between Kronos and Venator. Kronos accounted for the acquisition of LPC s interest as a business combination and, as a result of obtaining full control, LPC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kronos. Obtaining control of LPC and its estimated additional metric tons annually of TiO 2 production volume allows Kronos to better serve the North American TiO 2 marketplace. The acquisition was financed through a borrowing of million under Kronos Global Revolver and the remainder paid with cash on hand. For financial reporting purposes, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of LPC have been included in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024, and the results of operations and cash flows of LPC have been included in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Cash flows beginning as of the Acquisition Date. Kronos incurred million of transaction costs in connection with the acquisition. These costs were primarily associated with legal and professional services and were expensed in accordance with ASC 805 and are included in Selling, general and administrative expense in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. The potential earn-out payment of up to million is based on aggregate Kronos consolidated EBITDA tiers for 2025 and 2026 of million and million, with million of the earn-out payable if Kronos achieves million in aggregate consolidated EBITDA, and a maximum of million payable if aggregate EBITDA is million or greater for the period. If Kronos achieves aggregated consolidated EBITDA between million and million, the payment of the additional million is prorated between the two targets. The earn-out is payable at the earliest in April 2027. The estimated fair value of the earn-out at the Acquisition Date is million and was determined using a weighted probability of potential outcomes based on estimated future EBITDA and volatility factors, among other variables and estimates. The earn-out liability is included in Other noncurrent liabilities on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet and is part of the line item captioned Earn-out liability in Note 9. The fair value measurement is based on significant inputs not observable in the market and therefore represents a Level 3 measurement as defined in ASC 820. The earn-out liability will be re-measured at fair value on a recurring basis and the change to the liability, if any, would be recorded in Cost and other expense (income) in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. See Note 17 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Kronos remeasured its existing ownership interest in LPC to its estimated fair value at the Acquisition Date in accordance with ASC 805-10-25, for a business combination achieved in stages (because Kronos previously had an ownership interest in LPC). As a result of such remeasurement, we recognized a pre-tax gain of approximately million in the third quarter of 2024, representing the difference between the million estimated fair value of the existing ownership interest in LPC at the Acquisition Date and its aggregate million carrying value at the Acquisition Date. Such pre-tax gain is disclosed as Gain on remeasurement of investment in TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture and is included in Cost and other expense (income) in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations. The following table summarizes the aggregate fair value of the consideration transferred to gain control of LPC, the current estimate for the fair value of Kronos existing ownership interest in LPC and the amounts assigned to the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the Acquisition Date. The estimated purchase price allocation is based upon management s estimate of the fair 

 27 

Table of Contents 
 Working capital adjustment ) Earn-out liability Total fair value of consideration Fair value of investment in TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture Total Allocation of purchase price to identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts and other receivables, net Inventories, net Prepaid expenses and other Other assets Property and equipment Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) Other noncurrent liabilities ) Deferred tax liability ) Total net identifiable assets acquired Goodwill Total Property and equipment will be depreciated over useful lives of to . Goodwill is related to the benefits expected as a result of the acquisition, and of the million recorded as goodwill, million is expected to be deductible for tax purposes. As noted above, prior to the Acquisition Date Kronos and Venator operated LPC as a manufacturing joint venture on a break-even basis. Under the terms of the operating agreement, Kronos purchase price of TiO 2 produced by LPC equaled LPC s production costs. Therefore, the pro forma impact of combining LPC s results of operations assuming the LPC transaction had occurred as of January 1, 2023 would result in net increase to earnings. The additional interest expense and depreciation expense that would have occurred during the comparable period is not material. The pro forma impact is not necessarily indicative of either future results of operations or results of operations that might have been achieved had the acquisition occurred as of January 1, 2023. The incremental finished goods offtake produced resulting from Kronos additional interest acquired in LPC has not materially impacted revenue and earnings from Acquisition Date through the end of the third quarter. 

 28 

Table of Contents 

29 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Business Overview We are primarily a holding company. We operate through our wholly-owned and majority-owned subsidiaries, including NL Industries, Inc., Kronos Worldwide, Inc., CompX International Inc., Tremont LLC, Basic Management, Inc. BMI and the LandWell Company LandWell ). Kronos (NYSE: KRO), NL (NYSE: NL) and CompX (NYSE American: CIX) each file periodic reports with the SEC. We have three consolidated reportable operating segments: Chemicals Our Chemicals Segment is operated through our majority control of Kronos. Kronos is a leading global producer and marketer of value-added titanium dioxide pigments (TiO 2 ). TiO 2 is used to impart whiteness, brightness, opacity and durability to a wide variety of products, including paints, plastics, paper, fibers and ceramics. Additionally, TiO 2 is a critical component of everyday applications, such as coatings, plastics and paper, as well as many specialty products such as inks, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals. Component Products We operate in the component products industry through our majority control of CompX. CompX is a leading manufacturer of security products used in the postal, recreational transportation, office and institutional furniture, cabinetry, tool storage and healthcare and a variety of other industries. CompX is also a leading manufacturer of wake enhancement systems, stainless steel exhaust systems, gauges, throttle controls, trim tabs and related hardware and accessories for the recreational marine industry. 
 Real Estate Management and Development We operate in real estate management and development through our majority control of BMI and LandWell. BMI and LandWell own real property in Henderson, Nevada. LandWell is engaged in efforts to develop certain land holdings for commercial, industrial and residential purposes in Henderson, Nevada. BMI previously, through a wholly-owned subsidiary, also provided utility services to certain industrial customers prior to December 2023. 
 General This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, as amended. Statements in this Quarterly Report that are not historical facts are forward-looking in nature and represent management s beliefs and assumptions based on currently available information. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as believes, intends, may, should, could, anticipates, expects or comparable terminology, or by discussions of strategies or trends. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in such forward-looking statements are reasonable, we do not know if these expectations will be correct. Such statements by their nature involve substantial risks and uncertainties that could significantly impact expected results. Actual future results could differ materially from those predicted. The factors that could cause actual future results to differ materially from those described herein are the risks and uncertainties discussed in this Quarterly Report and those described from time to time in our other filings with the SEC and include, but are not limited to, the following: Future supply and demand for our products; 
 Our ability to realize expected cost savings from strategic and operational initiatives; Our ability to integrate acquisitions, including Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. (LPC) into Kronos operations and realize expected synergies and innovations; The extent of the dependence of certain of our businesses on certain market sectors; 
 The cyclicality of certain of our businesses (such as Kronos TiO 2 operations); Customer and producer inventory levels; Unexpected or earlier-than-expected industry capacity expansion (such as the TiO 2 industry); Changes in raw material and other operating costs (such as ore, zinc, brass, aluminum, steel and energy costs); 

 30 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in the availability of raw materials (such as ore); General global economic and political conditions that harm the worldwide economy, disrupt our supply chain, increase material and energy costs, reduce demand or perceived demand for TiO 2 , component products and land held for development or impair our ability to operate our facilities (including changes in the level of gross domestic product in various regions of the world, natural disasters, terrorist acts, global conflicts and public health crises); Operating interruptions (including, but not limited to, labor disputes, leaks, natural disasters, fires, explosions, unscheduled or unplanned downtime, transportation interruptions, certain regional and world events or economic conditions and public health crises); 
 Technology related disruptions (including, but not limited to, cyber-attacks; software implementation, upgrades or improvements; technology processing failures; or other events) related to our technology infrastructure that could impact our ability to continue operations, or at key vendors which could impact our supply chain, or at key customers which could impact their operations and cause them to curtail or pause orders; 
 Competitive products and substitute products; Customer and competitor strategies; Potential difficulties in upgrading or implementing accounting and manufacturing software systems; Potential consolidation of our competitors; Potential consolidation of our customers; The impact of pricing and production decisions; Competitive technology positions; Our ability to protect or defend intellectual property rights; The introduction of trade barriers or trade disputes; The ability of our subsidiaries to pay us dividends; Uncertainties associated with new product development and the development of new product features; Fluctuations in currency exchange rates (such as changes in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and each of the euro, the Norwegian krone and the Canadian dollar and between the euro and the Norwegian krone) or possible disruptions to our business resulting from uncertainties associated with the euro or other currencies; Decisions to sell operating assets other than in the ordinary course of business; The timing and amounts of insurance recoveries; Our ability to renew or refinance credit facilities or other debt instruments in the future; Changes in interest rates; Our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity; The ultimate outcome of income tax audits, tax settlement initiatives or other tax matters, including future tax reform; Our ability to utilize income tax attributes, the benefits of which may or may not have been recognized under the more-likely-than-not recognition criteria; Environmental matters (such as those requiring compliance with emission and discharge standards for existing and new facilities, or new developments regarding environmental remediation or decommissioning obligations at sites related to our former operations); Government laws and regulations and possible changes therein (such as changes in government regulations which might impose various obligations on former manufacturers of lead pigment and lead-based paint, including NL, with respect to asserted health concerns associated with the use of such products) including new environmental, health and safety, sustainability or other regulations (such as those seeking to limit or classify TiO 2 or its use); The ultimate resolution of pending litigation (such as NL s lead pigment and environmental matters); Our ability to comply with covenants contained in our revolving bank credit facilities; 

 31 

Table of Contents 
 Our ability to complete and comply with the conditions of our licenses and permits; Changes in real estate values and construction costs in Henderson, Nevada; and Pending or possible future litigation or other actions. 
 Should one or more of these risks materialize (or the consequences of such development worsen), or should the underlying assumptions prove incorrect, actual results could differ materially from those currently forecasted or expected. We disclaim any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statement whether as a result of changes in information, future events or otherwise. Operations Overview As a result of the revision to previously reported income tax benefit, our income tax benefit increased by .2 million and 1.2 million for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2023, respectively. See Note 1 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Quarter Ended September 30, 2023 We reported net income attributable to Valhi stockholders of 57.5 million or 2.01 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2024 compared to a net loss attributable to Valhi stockholders of 5.8 million or .21 per diluted share in the third quarter of 2023. As discussed more fully below, our net income attributable to Valhi stockholders increased from 2023 to 2024 primarily due to the net effects of: 
 higher operating income from our Chemicals Segment of 42.6 million in 2024 compared to an operating loss of 21.8 million in 2023; 
 a non-cash gain of 64.5 million resulting from the remeasurement of the Chemicals Segment s investment in the TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture; 
 income from tax increment infrastructure reimbursement of 14.2 million in 2024 compared to 4.8 million in 2023; and higher interest expense in 2024 as a result of refinancing of the Chemicals Segment s Senior Secured Notes in the first quarter and debt incurred to finance the LPC acquisition in the third quarter. 
 Our diluted net income per share in the third quarter of 2024 includes: 
 income of 1.18 per share due to the recognition of a non-cash gain resulting from the remeasurement of the Chemicals Segment s investment in the TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture; 
 income of .26 per share related to tax increment infrastructure reimbursement; and income of .03 per share related to insurance recoveries. Our diluted net loss per share in the third quarter of 2023 includes income of .09 per share related to tax increment infrastructure reimbursement. Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 We reported net income attributable to Valhi stockholders of 85.2 million or 2.99 per diluted share in the first nine months of 2024 compared to a net loss attributable to Valhi stockholders of 14.8 million or .52 per diluted share in the first nine months of 2023. As discussed more fully below, our net income attributable to Valhi stockholders increased from 2023 to 2024 primarily due to the net effects of: 
 higher operating income from our Chemicals Segments of 105.9 million in 2024 compared to an operating loss of 39.5 million in 2023; 
 a non-cash gain of 64.5 million resulting from the remeasurement of the Chemicals Segment s investment in the TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture; 
 income from tax increment infrastructure reimbursement of 14.2 million in 2024 compared to 4.8 million in 2023; 
 a non-cash loss on the termination of our U.K. pension plan of 6.2 million in 2023; and 

 32 

Table of Contents 
 higher interest expense in 2024 as a result of refinancing of the Chemicals Segment s Senior Secured Notes in the first quarter and debt incurred to finance the LPC acquisition in the third quarter. 
 Our diluted net income per share in the first nine months of 2024 includes: 
 income of 1.18 per share due to the recognition of a non-cash gain resulting from the remeasurement of the Chemicals Segment s investment in the TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture; 
 
 income of .26 per share related to tax increment infrastructure reimbursement; an aggregate charge of .03 per share related to a write-off of deferred financing costs at our Chemicals Segment; and income of .03 per share related to insurance recoveries. Our diluted net loss per share in 2023 includes: a loss of .13 per share due to the termination of our U.K. pension plan; 
 income of .09 per share related to tax increment infrastructure reimbursement; 
 
 a gain of .05 per share related to a business interruption insurance claim arising from Hurricane Laura in 2020 at our Chemicals Segment; and a gain of .04 per share related to the sale of land not used in our operations. 
 Current Forecast for 2024 We currently expect consolidated operating income for 2024 to be higher as compared to 2023 primarily due to the net effects of: higher operating income from our Chemicals Segment in 2024 primarily due to the positive impacts of improved demand and lower manufacturing costs; higher operating income from our Real Estate Management and Development Segment in 2024 due to higher expected infrastructure reimbursements; higher interest expense from refinancing of our Chemicals Segment s Senior Secured Notes in the first quarter and debt incurred to finance the LPC acquisition in the third quarter; and lower operating income from our Component Products Segment in 2024 as security products and marine components sales are expected to be lower in 2024. 
 Segment Operating Results 2024 Compared to 2023 Chemicals We consider TiO 2 to be a quality of life product, with demand affected by gross domestic product, or GDP, and overall economic conditions in our markets located in various regions of the world. Over the long-term, we expect demand for TiO 2 will grow by 2 to 3 per year, consistent with our expectations for the long-term growth in GDP. However, even if our Chemicals Segment and its competitors maintain consistent shares of the worldwide market, demand for TiO 2 in any interim or annual period may not change in the same proportion as the change in GDP, in part due to relative changes in the TiO 2 inventory levels of our Chemicals Segment s customers. We believe our Chemicals Segment s customers inventory levels are influenced in part by their expectations for future changes in TiO 2 selling prices as well as their expectations for future availability of product. Although certain of our Chemicals Segment s TiO 2 grades are considered specialty pigments, the majority of its grades and substantially all of its production are considered commodity pigment products with price and availability being the most significant competitive factors along with product quality and customer and technical support services. The factors having the most impact on our Chemicals Segment s reported operating results are: TiO 2 selling prices, our Chemicals Segment s TiO 2 sales and production volumes, 

 33 

Table of Contents 
 manufacturing costs, particularly raw materials such as third-party feedstock, maintenance and energy-related expenses, and currency exchange rates (particularly the exchange rates for the U.S. dollar relative to the euro, the Norwegian krone and the Canadian dollar and the euro relative to the Norwegian krone). 
 Key performance indicators are our Chemicals Segment s TiO 2 average selling prices, the level of TiO 2 sales and production volumes, and the cost of our Chemicals Segment s titanium-containing feedstock purchased from third parties. TiO 2 selling prices generally follow industry trends and selling prices will increase or decrease generally as a result of competitive market pressures. As previously reported, effective July 16, 2024 Acquisition Date ), Kronos acquired the 50 joint venture interest in Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. LPC previously held by Venator Investments, Ltd. Venator ). Prior to the acquisition, LPC was operated as a manufacturing joint venture between Kronos and Venator, and through a wholly-owned subsidiary, Kronos held a 50 joint venture interest in LPC. Following the acquisition, LPC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Kronos. Kronos acquired the 50 joint venture interest that it did not already own for consideration of 185 million less a working capital adjustment of 11.0 million. An additional earn-out payment of up to 15 million based on Kronos aggregate consolidated net income before interest expense, income taxes and depreciation and amortization expense, or EBITDA, during a two-year period comprising calendar years 2025 and 2026 may be required. The acquisition was financed through borrowings of 132.1 million under Kronos global revolving credit facility (the Global Revolver and the remainder paid with cash on hand. Kronos accounted for the acquisition of LPC s interest as a business combination. For financial reporting purposes, the assets acquired and liabilities assumed of LPC are included in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet as of September 30, 2024, and the results of operations and cash flows of LPC are included in our Condensed Consolidated Statement of Operations and Cash Flows beginning as of the Acquisition Date. See Note 19 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2023 2024 Change 2023 2024 Change (Dollars in millions) (Dollars in millions) Net sales 396.9 484.7 22 1,266.4 1,464.0 16 Cost of sales 362.8 384.4 6 1,158.0 1,193.0 3 Gross margin 34.1 100.3 194 108.4 271.0 150 Operating income (loss) (21.8) 42.6 295 (39.5) 105.9 368 Percent of net sales: Cost of sales 91 79 91 81 Gross margin 9 21 9 19 Operating income (loss) (5) 9 (3) 7 TiO 2 operating statistics: Sales volumes 107 130 21 313 394 26 Production volumes 102 141 37 296 399 35 Percent change in TiO 2 net sales: TiO 2 sales volumes 21 26 TiO 2 product pricing (1) (7) TiO 2 product mix/other 2 (3) Changes in currency exchange rates Total 22 16 

 Thousands of metric tons Current Industry Conditions Our Chemicals Segment and the TiO 2 industry experienced an extended period of significantly reduced demand across all major markets which was reflected in its sales volumes throughout 2023. While demand has improved in 2024 resulting in increased sales volumes across all major markets compared to the prior year, overall demand remains below average historical levels and during the third quarter of 2024, demand moderated as compared to the first half of the year. Our Chemicals Segment started 2024 with average TiO 2 selling prices 13 lower than at the beginning of 2023 and its average TiO 2 selling prices increased 4 during the first nine months of 2024. Our Chemicals Segment s average TiO 2 selling prices in the first nine months of 2024 were 7 lower than average prices during the first nine months of 2023. 

 34 

Table of Contents 
 Our Chemicals Segment operated its production facilities at 71 of practical capacity utilization in the first nine months of 2023 in response to decreased demand and higher production costs. As a result of increased demand experienced in the fourth quarter of 2023 and first nine months of 2024, along with more favorable production costs, our Chemicals Segment began increasing its production rates during the first quarter of 2024 and it operated at near practical capacity in the second and third quarters of 2024 resulting in 93 of practical capacity utilization in the first nine months of 2024. The following table shows our Chemicals Segment s capacity utilization rates during 2023 and 2024. 1 

Production Capacity Utilization Rates 2023 2024 First quarter 76 87 Second quarter 64 99 Third quarter 73 92 Excluding the effect of changes in currency exchange rates, our Chemicals Segment s cost of sales per metric ton of TiO 2 sold in the first nine months of 2024 was significantly lower as compared to the comparable period in 2023 primarily due to significant decreases in per metric ton production costs (primarily feedstock and energy). In response to the extended period of reduced demand in 2023, discussed above, our Chemicals Segment took measures to reduce its operating costs and improve its long-term cost structure such as the implementation of certain voluntary and involuntary workforce reductions during the third quarter of 2023 that primarily impacted its European operations. A substantial portion of our Chemicals Segment s workforce reductions were accomplished through voluntary programs, for which eligible workforce reduction costs are recognized at the time bo t h t h e e m p lo y e e a n d e m p lo y e r a r e i rr e vo ca b l y c o m mitte d t o t h e te r ms o f the sep a rati o n. Thes e wor k forc e re d uctio n s impacted approximately 100 employees. O ur Chemicals Segment recognized a total of approximately 6 m illi on i n c h ar g es pr im a r il y i n t h e f o ur t h qu a rter o f 2023 r elated to work f orc e re d uctio n s it implement e d during the sec ond h a l f o f t h e y e a r. Our Chemicals Segment has paid approximately 4 million through the end of the third quarter. The majority of the remaining related cash payments will be paid by the end of 2024. In the third quarter of 2024, our Chemicals Segment closed its sulfate process line at its plant in Varennes, Canada. As a result of the sulfate process line closure, our Chemicals Segment recognized charges to cost of sales in the first nine months of 2024 of approximately 2 million related to workforce reductions for employees impacted of which approximately .6 million was paid through the end of the third quarter. O ur Chemicals Segment also recognized a total of approximately 14 million in non-cash charges primarily related to accelerated depreciation in the second and third quarters of 2024. Net Sales Our Chemicals Segment s net sales in the third quarter of 2024 increased 22 , or 87.8 million, compared to the third quarter of 2023 primarily due to the effects of a 21 increase in sales volumes (which increased net sales by approximately 83 million) partially offset by a 1 decrease in average TiO 2 selling prices (which decreased net sales by approximately 4 million). The effects of changes in currency exchange rates in the third quarter of 2024 were comparable to the third quarter of 2023. TiO 2 selling prices will increase or decrease generally as a result of competitive market pressures, changes in the relative level of supply and demand as well as changes in raw material and other manufacturing costs. Our Chemicals Segment s sales volumes increased 21 in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the third quarter of 2023 due to higher overall demand across all major markets. Incremental sales volumes generated from the LPC acquisition did not materially impact quarter to quarter comparisons. Our Chemicals Segment s net sales in the first nine months of 2024 increased 16 , or 197.6 million, compared to the first nine months of 2023 primarily due to the effects of a 26 increase in sales volumes due to improved overall demand across all major markets (which increased net sales by approximately 329 million) partially offset by a 7 decrease in average TiO 2 selling prices (which decreased net sales by approximately 89 million). Changes in product mix negatively contributed to net sales, primarily due to changes in product sales mix in export markets in the first nine months of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023. Additionally, we estimate that changes in currency exchange rates (primarily the euro) increased our Chemicals Segment s net sales by approximately 5 million in the first nine months of 2024 as compared to the first nine months of 2023. Incremental sales volumes resulting from the LPC acquisition did not significantly impact period to period comparisons in the respective nine-month periods. Cost of Sales and Gross Margin Our Chemicals Segment s c ost of sales increased by 21.6 million, or 6 , in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023 due to the net effects of a 21 increase in sales volumes, higher production rates and lower production costs of approximately 24 million (primarily energy and raw materials). Cost of sales in the third quarter of 2024 also 

 35 

Table of Contents 
 includes approximately 4 million in non-cash charges related to accelerated depreciation in connection with the closure of our Chemicals Segment s sulfate process line in Canada. Our Chemicals Segment s cost of sales in the third quarter of 2023 includes 20 million of unabsorbed fixed production and other manufacturing costs associated with production curtailments at its facilities during the third quarter of 2023 as o ur Chemicals Segment adjusted its TiO 2 production volumes to align inventory levels with lower demand. Our Chemicals Segment s third quarter production volumes include approximately 13,000 metric tons of incremental production resulting from the LPC acquisition. Our Chemicals Segment s cost of sales as a percentage of net sales improved to 79 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 91 in the same period of 2023 primarily due to the favorable effects of lower production costs and higher production volumes resulting in increased coverage of fixed production costs. Our Chemicals Segment s gross margin as a percentage of net sales increased to 21 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 9 in the third quarter of 2023. As discussed and quantified above, our Chemicals Segment s gross margin as a percentage of net sales increased primarily due to higher sales and production volumes and lower production costs, which were partially offset by lower average TiO 2 selling prices. Our Chemicals Segment s c ost of sales increased 35.0 million, or 3 , in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the first nine months of 2023 due to the net effects of a 26 increase in sales volumes, higher production rates resulting in reduced unabsorbed fixed production costs, and lower production costs of approximately 108 million (primarily raw materials and energy). Our Chemicals Segment s unabsorbed fixed production costs in the first nine months of 2024 were 12 million (incurred in the first quarter) compared to 74 million in the first nine months of 2023 related to curtailments in 2023 and continuing into the first quarter of 2024, as discussed above. Our Chemicals Segment s cost of sales in the first nine months of 2024 includes a charge of approximately 2 million related to workforce reductions and approximately 14 million in non-cash charges primarily related to accelerated depreciation in connection with the closure of its sulfate process line in Canada. Sales and production volumes resulting from the LPC acquisition did not materially impact comparisons to the prior year. Our Chemicals Segment s cost of sales as a percentage of net sales decreased to 81 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 91 in the same period of 2023 primarily due to the favorable effects of lower production costs and higher production volumes resulting in increased coverage of fixed production costs. Our Chemicals Segment s gross margin as a percentage of net sales increased to 19 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 9 in the first nine months of 2023. As discussed and quantified above, our Chemicals Segment s gross margin as a percentage of net sales increased primarily due to higher sales and production volumes as well as lower production costs, partially offset by lower average TiO 2 selling prices. Operating Income (Loss) Our Chemicals Segment had operating income of 42.6 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to an operating loss of 21.8 million in the third quarter of 2023 as a result of the factors impacting gross margin discussed above. We estimate changes in currency exchange rates increased our Chemicals Segment s operating income by approximately 13 million in the third quarter of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, as discussed in the effects of currency exchange rates section below. Our Chemicals Segment had operating income of 105.9 in the first nine months of 2024 compared to an operating loss of 39.5 million in the first nine months of 2023 as a result of the factors impacting gross margin discussed above. Our Chemicals Segment recognized a gain of 2.5 million in the first nine months of 2023 related to cash received from the settlement of a business interruption insurance claim. See Note 12 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. We estimate that changes in currency exchange rates increased our Chemicals Segment s operating income by approximately 10 million in the first nine months of 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023, as further discussed below. Our Chemicals Segment s operating income (loss) is net of amortization of purchase accounting adjustments made in conjunction with our acquisitions of interests in NL and Kronos. As a result, we recognize additional depreciation expense above the amounts Kronos reports separately, substantially all of which is included within cost of sales. We recognized additional depreciation expense of 2.0 million and 1.0 million in the first nine months of 2024 and 2023, respectively, which reduced our reported Chemicals Segment s operating income as compared to amounts reported by Kronos. Currency Exchange Rates Our Chemicals Segment has substantial operations and assets located outside the United States (primarily in Germany, Belgium, Norway and Canada). The majority of our Chemicals Segment s sales from non-U.S. operations are denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar, principally the euro, other major European currencies and the Canadian dollar. A portion of our Chemicals Segment s sales generated from its non-U.S. operations is denominated in the U.S. dollar (and consequently 

 36 

Table of Contents 
 our Chemicals Segment s non-U.S. operations will generally hold U.S. dollars from time to time). Certain raw materials used in all our Chemicals Segment s production facilities, primarily titanium-containing feedstocks, are purchased primarily in U.S. dollars, while labor and other production and administrative costs are incurred primarily in local currencies. Consequently, the translated U.S. dollar value of our Chemicals Segment s non-U.S. sales and operating results are subject to currency exchange rate fluctuations which may favorably or unfavorably impact reported earnings and may affect the comparability of period-to-period operating results. In addition to the impact of the translation of sales and expenses over time, our Chemicals Segment s non-U.S. operations also generate currency transaction gains and losses which primarily relate to (i) the difference between the currency exchange rates in effect when non-local currency sales or operating costs (primarily U.S. dollar denominated) are initially accrued and when such amounts are settled with the non-local currency, and (ii) changes in currency exchange rates during time periods when our Chemicals Segment s non-U.S. operations are holding non-local currency (primarily U.S. dollars). Overall, we estimate that fluctuations in currency exchange rates had the following effects on the reported amounts of our Chemicals Segment s sales and operating income (loss) for the periods indicated. 

Impact of changes in currency exchange rates Three months ended September 30, 2024 vs September 30, 2023 Translation gains/(losses) - Total currency Transaction gains (losses) recognized impact of impact 2023 2024 Change rate changes 2024 vs 2023 (In millions) Impact on: Net sales (1) (1) Operating income (loss) (4) 3 7 6 13 The 1 million decrease in our Chemicals Segment s net sales (translation losses) was caused primarily by a strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro, as its euro-denominated sales were translated into fewer U.S. dollars in 2024 as compared to 2023. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar and the Norwegian krone in 2024 did not have a significant effect on the reported amount of our Chemicals Segment s net sales, as a substantial portion of the sales generated by our Chemicals Segment s Canadian and Norwegian operations is denominated in the U.S. dollar. The 13 million increase in our Chemicals Segment s operating income was comprised of the following: Lower net currency transaction losses of approximately 7 million primarily caused by relative changes in currency exchange rates at each applicable balance sheet date between the U.S. dollar and the euro, Canadian dollar and the Norwegian krone, and between the euro and the Norwegian krone, which causes increases or decreases, as applicable, in U.S. dollar-denominated receivables and payables and U.S. dollar currency held by our Chemicals Segment s non-U.S. operations, and in Norwegian krone denominated receivables and payables held by our Chemicals Segment s non-U.S. operations, and 
 Approximately 6 million from net currency translation gains primarily caused by a strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar and the Norwegian krone, as our Chemicals Segment s local currency-denominated operating costs were translated into fewer U.S. dollars in 2024 as compared to 2023. The effect of the weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro was nominal in 2024 as compared to 2023. 

Impact of changes in currency exchange rates Nine months ended September 30, 2024 vs September 30, 2023 Translation gains - Total currency Transaction gains recognized impact of impact 2023 2024 Change rate changes 2024 vs 2023 (In millions) Impact on: Net sales 5 5 Operating income (loss) 4 5 1 9 10 

 37 

Table of Contents 
 The 5 million increase in our Chemicals Segment s net sales (translation gains) was caused primarily by a weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro, as its euro-denominated sales were translated into more U.S. dollars in 2024 as compared to 2023. The strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar and the Norwegian krone in 2024 did not have a significant effect on the reported amount of our Chemicals Segment s net sales, as a substantial portion of the sales generated by our Chemicals Segment s Canadian and Norwegian operations is denominated in the U.S. dollar. The 10 million increase in our Chemicals Segment s operating income was comprised of the following: Higher net currency transaction gains of approximately 1 million primarily caused by relative changes in currency exchange rates at each applicable balance sheet date between the U.S. dollar and the euro, Canadian dollar and the Norwegian krone, and between the euro and the Norwegian krone, which causes increases or decreases, as applicable, in U.S. dollar-denominated receivables and payables and U.S. dollar currency held by our Chemicals Segment s non-U.S. operations, and in Norwegian krone denominated receivables and payables held by our Chemicals Segment s non-U.S. operations, and 
 Approximately 9 million from net currency translation gains primarily caused by a strengthening of the U.S. dollar relative to the Canadian dollar and the Norwegian krone, as our Chemicals Segment s local currency-denominated operating costs were translated into fewer U.S. dollars in 2024 as compared to 2023. The effect of the weakening of the U.S. dollar relative to the euro was nominal in 2024 as compared to 2023. 
 Outlook Overall our Chemicals Segment s customer demand has improved in 2024 compared to the historical low demand it experienced during 2023, although overall demand levels remain below historical averages and, during the third quarter of 2024, customer demand moderated as compared to the first half of the year across all major markets. Our Chemicals Segment expects demand to further soften in the fourth quarter; however, based on the improved demand experienced through the first nine months, along with the severe demand contraction it experienced during most of 2023, our Chemicals Segment continues to expect sales volumes in 2024 will exceed 2023 sales volumes. Our Chemicals Segment is operating its facilities at production rates in line with the current and expected near-term demand and believes its production rates for the remainder of 2024 will continue to be higher than comparable periods in 2023. Our Chemicals Segment has had limited success implementing TiO 2 selling price increases, which need to continue to be realized to achieve margins more in-line with historical levels. Throughout 2023, our Chemicals Segment implemented cost reduction initiatives designed to improve its long-term cost structure, including targeted workforce reductions. In the third quarter of 2024, to further improve gross margin through the optimization of production of its purified grades, our Chemicals Segment closed its sulfate process line at its facility in Canada. Raw material, energy and other input costs have generally improved compared to 2023. While the full positive impact of input cost improvements and cost reduction efforts are not yet fully reflected in our Chemicals Segment s gross margin, during the second quarter gross margin began to improve and has continued to improve as our Chemicals Segment replaces higher cost inventory with lower cost inventory produced in 2024. Overall, due to improved demand, modest increases in selling prices and lower production costs, including lower unabsorbed fixed costs, our Chemicals Segment expects to report higher operating results for the full year of 2024 as compared to 2023. As noted above, our Chemicals Segment acquired full control of LPC in July 2024. Our Chemicals Segment believes this acquisition is a unique opportunity to immediately add value to its customers and better serve the North American marketplace by allowing our Chemicals Segment to expand its product offerings and increase sales to new and existing customers while recognizing significant synergies, including commercial, overhead and supply chain optimization. Our Chemicals Segment is in the process of fully integrating the additional LPC production capacity and it expects the acquisition will have a positive impact on its earnings, although the potential positive impact in 2024 will be limited by competitive pressures, demand moderation in North America and by the additional debt service costs associated with the increase in borrowings to complete the transaction. With the increased borrowing availability under our Chemicals Segment s revolving credit facility, as well as cash on hand, it is well positioned to finance the required working capital build needed to fully integrate the acquired LPC production capacity, which it expects to be complete by the end of the year. Beginning in the third quarter, our Chemicals Segment reduced its quarterly dividend rate from .19 per share to .05 per share to provide the flexibility to absorb increased debt service costs, working capital needs and capital improvements from the LPC acquisition. Our expectations for the TiO 2 industry and our Chemicals Segment s operations are based on a number of factors outside our control. Our Chemicals Segment has experienced global market disruptions, including high energy costs, and future impacts on its operations will depend on, among other things, future energy costs and the impact economic conditions and geopolitical events have on our Chemicals Segment s operations or its customers and suppliers operations, all of which remain uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

 38 

Table of Contents 
 Component Products Our Component Products Segment s product offerings consist of a significantly large number of products that have a wide variation in selling price and manufacturing cost, which results in certain practical limitations on its ability to quantify the impact of changes in individual product sales quantities and selling prices on the segment s net sales, cost of sales and gross margin. In addition, small variations in period-to-period net sales, cost of sales and gross margin can result from changes in the relative mix of our Component Products Segment s products sold. The key performance indicator for our Component Products Segment is operating income . Our Component Products Segment s operating income in the third quarter of 2024 was 3.3 million compared to 6.6 million in the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in operating income in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 2023 is due to lower sales and gross margin at both security products and marine components reporting units. Operating income for the first nine months of 2024 was 12.1 million compared to 18.0 million in the first nine months of 2023. The decrease in operating income in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 2023 is primarily due to lower marine components sales and gross margin. 

Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2023 2024 Change 2023 2024 Change (Dollars in millions) (Dollars in millions) Net sales: Security products 31.4 26.6 (15) 84.4 84.7 Marine components 8.9 7.0 (21) 33.7 22.8 (32) Total net sales 40.3 33.6 (17) 118.1 107.5 (9) Cost of sales 27.7 24.1 (13) 82.5 77.2 (6) Gross margin 12.6 9.5 (25) 35.6 30.3 (15) Operating income 6.6 3.3 (49) 18.0 12.1 (32) Percent of net sales: Cost of sales 69 72 70 72 Gross margin 31 28 30 28 Operating income 16 10 15 11 Net Sales Our Component Products Segment s net sales decreased 6.7 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to lower security products sales to a government security customer related to a pilot project that began shipping in the third quarter of 2023 for which there were no related sales in the third quarter of 2024; and to a lesser extent lower marine components sales primarily to the towboat market. Net sales decreased 10.6 million for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to lower marine components sales to the towboat market. Relative to prior year, third quarter security products sales were 5.0 million lower to the government security market and 1.4 million lower to the transportation market, partially offset by 1.2 million higher sales to the healthcare market. Security products net sales in the first nine months of 2024 were comparable to the same period in 2023, as 1.5 million higher sales to the healthcare market and .6 million higher sales to the tool storage market were offset by 1.1 million lower sales to the transportation market, .7 million lower sales to distributors and .4 million lower sales to the government security market. Relative to prior year, the decrease in third quarter marine components sales was primarily due to 1.3 million lower sales to the towboat market and .5 million lower sales to the industrial market. Relative to 2023, the decrease in marine components sales for the first nine months of 2024 was primarily due to 8.7 million lower sales to the towboat market, 1.1 million lower sales to the industrial market and .6 million lower sales to each the engine builder market and distributors. Cost of Sales and Gross Margin Our Component Products Segment s cost of sales as a percentage of net sales increased 3 in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. As a result, gross margin as a percentage of sales decreased over the same period. Gross margin percentage decreased in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to lower gross margin percentages at both security products and marine components reporting units. Security products gross margin as a percentage of net sales decreased for the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to lower sales, higher materials costs (primarily brass and electronics), higher labor costs and decreased coverage of fixed costs as a result of lower sales. Marine components gross margin as a percentage of net sales decreased in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to lower sales and decreased coverage of fixed costs as a result of lower sales, partially offset by a more favorable customer and product mix as well as lower employee salaries and benefits of approximately .5 million related to headcount reductions. Our Component Products Segment s cost of sales as a percentage of sales increased 2 for the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same period in 2023. As a result, gross margin as a percentage of sales declined over the same period. The decline in gross margin percentage for the nine-month comparative period is primarily due to lower gross margin percentage at the marine components reporting unit. For the first nine months of 2024, marine components gross margin as a percentage of net sales declined 

 39 

Table of Contents 
 compared to the same period in 2023 primarily due to higher cost inventory produced during the fourth quarter of 2023 and sold in the first quarter of 2024 and decreased coverage of fixed costs as a result of lower sales, partially offset by a more favorable customer and product mix as well as lower employee salaries and benefits of approximately 1.7 million related to headcount reductions. Security products gross margin as a percentage of net sales for the first nine months of 2024 is comparable to the same period in 2023. Operating Income As a percentage of net sales, our Component Products Segment s operating income for the third quarter and the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023 was primarily impacted by the factors affecting sales, cost of sales and gross margin discussed above. Outlook As previously noted, beginning in the third quarter of 2023 our Component Products Segment s security products reporting unit had significant sales from a pilot project to a government security customer. Excluding these sales in 2023, our Component Products Segment s sales would have increased in the first nine months of 2024 as compared to the first nine months of 2023 due to increased sales across a variety of markets, particularly increased sales of mechanical locks to the government security market. At our Component Products Segment s marine components reporting unit, the decline in sales to the towboat market as a result of the contraction in the recreational marine industry that began late in the first quarter of 2023 has continued. Our Component Products Segment is focused on aligning its resources with current demand levels, and particularly at marine components, our Component Products Segment is adjusting inventory levels, operating expenses and labor resources to align with current orders while also preserving its ability to respond quickly when demand increases. Raw material prices have been relatively stable during the first nine months of 2024; however, our Component Products Segment is beginning to experience price increases in certain raw materials. Our Component Products Segment s supply chains are stable and transportation and logistical delays are minimal. Our Component Products Segment has adjusted its order patterns in response to its customer demand levels and the stability of its raw materials supplies. Our Component Products Segment expects security products sales comparisons for the remainder of the year will be challenged by lower government security sales as the 2023 pilot project to a government security customer will not repeat. Our Component Products Segment expects its recurring security products sales for the remainder of the year to continue to be strong relative to the prior year. Overall, our Component Products Segment expects its security products reporting unit s gross margin and operating income margin for 2024 will be lower than 2023 primarily due to reduced coverage of fixed, selling, general and administrative costs as a result of lower expected sales as well as a less favorable product mix and higher materials and labor costs in the current economic environment. Our Component Products Segment expects marine components net sales for the full year of 2024 will be lower as compared to 2023 due to decreased demand in the towboat market. The recreational marine industry faces strong headwinds due to higher interest rates and broader market weakness. Overall, our Component Products Segment expects its marine components reporting unit s gross margin as a percentage of net sales for 2024 to be lower than 2023 due to lower coverage of fixed overhead as a result of lower expected sales, and operating income as a percentage of net sales to be similarly lower as a result of reduced coverage of selling, general and administrative expenses due to lower expected sales. Our Component Products Segment ended 2023 with elevated inventory balances at its marine components reporting unit as a result of increased orders of certain raw materials due to previously long lead times coupled with the rapidly changing towboat demand which created a misalignment of its raw materials with near term demand. Our Component Products Segment made significant progress in aligning its marine components inventory balances with current demand in the first nine months of 2024; however, it expects further reduction of inventory quantities will be offset by higher raw materials costs for certain projects in the industrial and other marine components markets, outside of the towboat market, which in many instances are more expensive than the stainless steel inventory used in towboat products. Our Component Products Segment s expectations for its operations and the markets it serves are based on a number of factors outside its control. Our Component Products Segment has experienced global and domestic supply chain challenges, and any future impacts on its operations will depend on, among other things, any future disruption in its operations or its suppliers operations, the impact of economic conditions and geopolitical events on demand for its products or our Component Products Segment s customers and suppliers operations, all of which remain uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

 40 

Table of Contents 
 Real Estate Management and Development 

Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 (In millions) Net sales: Land sales 31.3 15.3 83.2 52.2 Utility and other .4 1.0 .2 Total net sales 31.7 15.3 84.2 52.4 Cost of sales 17.8 8.8 48.0 29.8 Gross margin 13.9 6.5 36.2 22.6 Operating income 17.7 21.8 38.5 36.0 General Our Real Estate Management and Development Segment consists of BMI and LandWell. BMI and LandWell own real property in Henderson, Nevada. LandWell is actively engaged in developing certain real estate in Henderson, Nevada including approximately 2,100 acres zoned for residential/planned community purposes. Additionally, BMI provided certain utility services to an industrial park located in Henderson, Nevada prior to the sale of Basic Power Company BPC ), a wholly-owned subsidiary of BMI, on December 1, 2023. Following the sale of BPC, BMI no longer provides services to the industrial park which allows us to focus on land sales and development activity for the residential/planned community. LandWell began marketing land for sale in the residential/planned community in December 2013 and at September 30, 2024 approximately 20 saleable acres remain. In addition, outside of the community LandWell has been actively marketing and selling land zoned for commercial and light industrial use and at September 30, 2024 approximately 15 saleable acres remain. Contracts for land sales are negotiated on an individual basis, and sales terms and prices will vary based on such factors as location (including location within a planned community), expected development work and individual buyer needs. Although land may be under contract or land sales may be completed, we do not recognize revenue until we have satisfied the criteria for revenue recognition. In most instances buyers can cancel an escrow agreement with no financial penalties until shortly before the closing date. In some instances, LandWell will receive cash proceeds at the time the contract closes and record deferred revenue for some or all of the cash amount received, with such deferred revenue being recognized in subsequent periods. Substantially all of the land in the residential/planned community has been sold; however, we expect the development work to take three to four years to complete. Net Sales and Operating Income Substantially all of the net sales from our Real Estate Management and Development Segment in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 and 2023 were from land sales. We recognized 15.3 million in revenues on land sales during the third quarter of 2024 compared to 31.3 million in the third quarter of 2023 and 52.2 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 83.2 million in the same prior year period. Substantially all of the land sales revenues recognized in 2024 are related to land sold in prior years. As noted above, we recognize revenue in our residential/planned community over time using cost-based input methods, and substantially all of the land sales revenue we recognized in 2024 and 2023 was under this method of revenue recognition. Land sales revenue in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 decreased compared to the same prior year periods due to the decreased pace of development activity for previously sold parcels within the residential/planned community, primarily due to delays in receiving city permits and delays in environmental related approvals. The pace of development activities is dictated by a number of factors such as city permit and design approval, approval from the Nevada Department of Environmental Protection, and labor and materials availability. Cost of sales related to land sales revenues was 8.8 million and 29.6 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024, respectively, compared to 17.7 million and 47.4 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2023, respectively. In addition we recognized income of 4.8 million and 14.2 million in the third quarters of 2023 and 2024, respectively, for infrastructure reimbursement. Outlook LandWell is focused on developing the land it manages, primarily to residential builders, for the residential/planned community in Henderson. At September 30, 2024, substantially all of the land in the residential/planned community had been sold with approximately 20 saleable acres (currently zoned as retail or commercial) remaining. The Las Vegas area continues to benefit from a strong new home market, and all land currently zoned as residential has been sold. Due to the high demand for residential land, we are currently working to rezone some of the remaining acreage as residential but we do not know if we will be successful. There are also 15 saleable acres zoned for light industrial and commercial use outside of the 2,100 acre residential/planned community available for sale. Demand for retail and commercial use is more modest, and we expect it will take more time to sell these remaining acres. At September 30, 2024 we have deferred revenue of 45.8 million related to post-closing obligations on land sales closed prior to 2024. Because we recognize revenue over time using cost-based inputs, we will continue to recognize revenue on land previously sold over the development period, although we have already received substantially all the cash proceeds related to these sales. We currently expect to 

 41 

Table of Contents 
 take three to four years to complete our post-closing obligations. Any delays or curtailments in infrastructure development related to post-closing obligation activities will delay the amount of revenue we recognize on previously closed land sales. Under LandWell s development agreement with the City of Henderson, the issuance of a specified number of housing permits requires LandWell to complete certain large infrastructure projects. LandWell began construction on several of these community-wide large projects in late 2021 with the construction expected to continue for the next three to four years. We expect these land development costs in 2024 to be comparable to 2023 due to the timing of certain infrastructure projects. Because these large projects relate to the entirety of the residential/planned community, the costs associated with these large projects are not part of the cost-based inputs used to recognize revenue, and therefore, this spending will not correlate to revenue recognition. However, this spending is expected to be eligible for tax increment reimbursement under our Owner Participation Agreement OPA with the City of Henderson, and delays or curtailments in eligible infrastructure development activities will also delay LandWell s ability to submit completed costs to the City for approval of additional OPA note receivables. We expect to collect the maximum reimbursement amount of 209 million under the OPA over the next 7 to 10 years, including 32.7 million collected to date. General Corporate and Other Items 2024 Compared to 2023 Changes in the Market Value of Valhi Common Stock held by Subsidiaries Our subsidiaries, Kronos and NL, hold shares of our common stock. As discussed in the 2023 Annual Report, we account for our proportional interest in these shares of our common stock as treasury stock at Kronos and NL s historical cost basis. The remaining portion of these shares of our common stock, which are attributable to the noncontrolling interest of Kronos and NL, are reflected in our Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet at fair value. Kronos and NL recognize unrealized gains or losses on these shares of our common stock in the determination of each of their respective net income or losses. Under the principles of consolidation we eliminate any gains or losses associated with our common stock to the extent of our proportional ownership interest in each subsidiary. We recognized a gain of 3.7 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to a gain of .1 million in the third quarter of 2023 and a gain of 4.3 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to a loss of 2.1 million in the first nine months of 2023 in our Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations, which represents the unrealized gain (loss) in respect of these shares during such periods attributable to the noncontrolling interest of Kronos and NL. Gain on Remeasurement of Investment in TiO 2 Manufacturing Joint Venture We recognized a gain on the remeasurement of Kronos investment in LPC of 64.5 million in the third quarter of 2024 as a result of the acquisition. See Note 19 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Gain on Land Sale In the second quarter of 2023 we sold excess property not used in our operations for net proceeds of approximately 1.8 million and recognized a pre-tax gain of 1.5 million. Interest Income and Other Interest income and other increased .5 million in the third quarter and 2.1 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to the same periods of 2023 primarily due to higher average interest rates. See Note 12 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Other General Corporate Items Corporate expenses in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 are comparable to the same periods in 2023. Included in corporate expense are: 
 litigation fees and related costs at NL of .6 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to 1.2 million in the third quarter of 2023 and 2.6 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 3.7 million in the first nine months of 2023; and 
 environmental remediation and related costs of .5 million in each of the third quarters of 2024 and 2023 and 2.2 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to 1.0 million in the first nine months of 2023. 
 Overall, we currently expect that our general corporate expenses in 2024 will be higher than in 2023 primarily due to higher expected environmental remediation and related costs. The level of our litigation fees and related expenses varies from period to period depending upon, among other things, the number of cases in which we are currently involved, the nature of such cases and the current stage of such cases (e.g. discovery, pre-trial motions, trial or appeal, if applicable). See Note 16 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. If our current expectations regarding the number of cases in which we expect to be involved during 2024, or the nature of such cases were to change, our corporate expenses could be higher than we currently estimate. Obligations for environmental remediation and related costs are difficult to assess and estimate and it is possible that actual costs for environmental remediation and related costs will exceed accrued amounts or that costs will be incurred in the future for sites 

 42 

Table of Contents 
 in which we cannot currently estimate the liability. If these events occur in 2024, our corporate expense could be higher than we currently estimate. In addition, we adjust our accruals for environmental remediation and related costs as further information becomes available to us or as circumstances change. Such further information or changed circumstances could result in an increase or reduction in our accrued environmental remediation and related costs. See Note 16 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Interest Expense Interest expense increased 6.2 million and 15.2 million in the third quarter and first nine months of 2024 compared to the respective periods in 2023 as a result of the Kronos February 2024 exchange of 325 million of its 3.75 Senior Secured Notes due 2025 for newly issued 276.174 million of 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due March 2029 plus additional cash consideration, the July 30, 2024 issuance of an additional 75 million of 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2029, and as a result of the 53.7 million subordinated, unsecured term loan from Contran due September 2029 at an interest rate of 11.5 which Kronos entered into in February 2024 in connection with the exchange and which interest rate was amended to 9.54 in August 2024 in conjunction with the issuance of the additional 75 million of 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2029. As a result of the exchange, interest expense for the first nine months of 2024 includes a charge of 1.5 million for the write-off of deferred financing costs. See Note 7 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. We expect interest expense will be higher in 2024 as compared to 2023 primarily due to the higher debt balances as a result of the third quarter acquisition of LPC and higher interest rates on Kronos new debt issued in February and July of 2024. Income Tax Expense (Benefit) We recognized income tax expense of 34.3 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to an income tax benefit of 7.8 million in the third quarter of 2023 and income tax expense of 46.6 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to an income tax benefit of 19.8 million in the first nine months of 2023. The increase in the third quarter and the first nine months of 2024 is primarily due to higher earnings in 2024 and the jurisdictional mix of such earnings. During interim periods, our effective tax rate may not necessarily correspond to the current period income (loss) before taxes due to the application of accounting for income taxes in interim periods which requires us to base our effective rate on full year projections of pre-tax income (loss). We recognize deferred income taxes with respect to the excess of the financial reporting carrying amount over the income tax basis of our direct investment in Kronos common stock because the exemption under GAAP to avoid such recognition of deferred income taxes is not available to us. At December 31, 2023, we recognized a deferred income tax liability with respect to our direct investment in Kronos of 47.4 million. There is a maximum amount (or cap) of such deferred income taxes we are required to recognize with respect to our direct investment in Kronos. The maximum amount of the cap is 153.6 million. During the first nine months of 2024, we recognized a non-cash deferred income tax expense with respect to our direct investment in Kronos of 5.4 million for the increase in the deferred income taxes required to be recognized with respect to the excess of the financial reporting carrying amount over the income tax basis of our direct investment in Kronos common stock, this increase related to our equity in Kronos net income during the period. We recognized a similar deferred income tax benefit of 5.9 million in the first nine months of 2023. A portion of the net change with respect to the excess of the financial reporting carrying amount over the income tax basis of our direct investment in Kronos common stock during such periods related to our equity in Kronos other comprehensive income (loss) items, and the amounts allocated to other comprehensive income (loss) items includes amounts related to our equity in Kronos other comprehensive income (loss) items. See Note 13 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for a tabular reconciliation of our statutory income tax provision to our actual tax provision. The Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), the European Union and other countries have committed to enacting the OECD s Pillar Two initiative that would provide a global minimum level of taxation for multinational companies to be applied on a country-by-country basis. Currently, many countries are drafting or have enacted legislation to implement the Pillar Two rules effective for years beginning on or after December 31, 2023. Based on legislation currently enacted, we do not anticipate any material impact to our Consolidated Financial Statements; however, until all the jurisdictions we operate in enact legislation, the full impact of Pillar Two to us is unknown. Noncontrolling Interest in Net Income of Subsidiaries Noncontrolling interest in operations of subsidiaries increased in 2024 compared to 2023 primarily due to increased operating income at Kronos. See Note 14 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

 43 

Table of Contents 
 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES Consolidated Cash Flows Operating Activities Trends in cash flows from operating activities (excluding the impact of significant asset dispositions and relative changes in assets and liabilities) are generally similar to trends in our operating income. In addition to the impact of the operating, investing and financing cash flows discussed below, changes in the amount of cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash we report from period to period can be impacted by changes in currency exchange rates, since a portion of our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash is held by our non-U.S. subsidiaries. Cash used in operating activities was 1.8 million in the first nine months of 2024 compared to cash used in operating activities of 61.2 million in the first nine months of 2023. This 59.4 million decrease in cash used in operating activities in the first nine months of 2024 includes: consolidated operating income of 154.0 million in the first nine months of 2024, an increase of 137.0 million compared to operating income of 17.0 million in the first nine months of 2023; cash premium of 6.0 million on the issuance of Kronos senior notes; higher amount of net cash used of 55.7 million associated with relative changes in our receivables, inventories, land held for investment, payables and accrued liabilities in 2024; higher net cash paid for income taxes in 2024 of 16.6 million primarily due to higher earnings and the relative timing of payments; and higher cash paid for interest in 2024 of 13.2 million. 
 As noted in our discussion of our Real Estate Management and Development segment above, we have sold the majority of the land in our residential/planned community, and in accordance with our development agreement with the City of Henderson and our contractual obligations with builders, we expect to complete our land development obligations over the next three to four years. Because we have largely received cash proceeds from land sales, we expect LandWell to generate negative operating cash flows as it completes its required land development work. Changes in working capital were affected by accounts receivable and inventory changes as shown below: Kronos average days sales outstanding DSO increased from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 primarily due to relative changes in the timing of collections. 
 Kronos average days sales in inventory DSI decreased from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 primarily due to lower relative cost of sales (as a result of lower production costs, as discussed above) compared to the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 CompX s average DSO increased from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 primarily as a result of relative changes in the timing of sales and collections relative to the end of the quarter. CompX s average DSI increased from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024 due to the fulfillment and shipping of a significant order during the fourth quarter of 2023. Total average number of days in inventory decreased from September 30, 2023 to September 30, 2024 due to planned inventory reductions. 
 For comparative purposes, we have also provided comparable prior period numbers below. 

December 31, September 30, December 31, September 30, 2022 2023 2023 2024 Kronos: Days sales outstanding 64 days 68 days 66 days 68 days Days sales in inventory 103 days 61 days 65 days 60 days CompX: Days sales outstanding 41 days 45 days 36 days 39 days Days sales in inventory 99 days 112 days 95 days 105 days 

 44 

Table of Contents 
 We do not have complete access to the cash flows of our majority-owned subsidiaries, due in part to limitations contained in certain credit agreements of our subsidiaries and because we do not own 100 of these subsidiaries. A detail of our consolidated cash flows from operating activities is presented in the table below. Intercompany dividends have been eliminated. 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 2024 (In millions) Cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Kronos (58.9) 23.2 Valhi exclusive of subsidiaries 30.7 58.1 CompX 11.8 15.6 NL exclusive of subsidiaries 11.5 31.9 Tremont exclusive of subsidiaries (.6) .9 BMI (.7) 3.9 LandWell 24.7 (11.8) Eliminations and other (79.7) (123.6) Total (61.2) (1.8) Investing Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024: Kronos paid 156.8 million, net of cash acquired, for the remaining TiO 2 manufacturing joint venture interest in LPC; see Note 19 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements; we spent 18.4 million in capital expenditures including 17.2 million in our Chemicals Segment and 1.2 million in our Component Products Segment; and we had net proceeds of 54.8 million related to marketable securities. 
 Financing Activities During the nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 we repaid 48.3 million under the Contran credit facility; during the first three months of 2024, Kronos exchanged 325 million of its Kronos International, Inc. (KII) 3.75 Senior Secured Notes due September 2025 (the Old Notes for its newly issued 276.174 million 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due March 2029 (the New Notes plus additional cash consideration of 52.6 million to certain eligible holders of the Old Notes and borrowed 53.7 million from Contran. In the third quarter Kronos issued an additional 75 million principal amount of 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the Additional New Notes (as defined below) together with the Old Notes and the New Notes, the Senior Secured Notes and we paid aggregate quarterly dividends to Valhi stockholders of .24 per share 6.8 million). 
 The declaration and payment of future dividends, and the amount thereof, is discretionary and is dependent upon a number of factors including our current and future expected results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements for our businesses, contractual and other requirements and restrictions and other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. The amount and timing of past dividends is not necessarily indicative of the amount or timing of any future dividends which might be paid. There are currently no contractual restrictions on the amount of dividends which we may pay. Distributions to noncontrolling interest in subsidiaries in the first nine months of 2024 are comprised of CompX dividends paid to shareholders other than NL, Kronos dividends paid to shareholders other than us and NL, and LandWell dividends paid to partners other than us and BMI. Outstanding Debt Obligations At September 30, 2024, our consolidated indebtedness was comprised of: Valhi s 45.1 million outstanding on its 150 million credit facility with Contran which is due no earlier than December 31, 2025; 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 351.174 million aggregate outstanding on Kronos 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due March 2029 plus 5.4 million of unamortized premium 391.7 million carrying amount, net of unamortized debt issuance costs); 75 million aggregate outstanding on Kronos 3.75 Senior Secured Notes due September 2025 83.9 million carrying amount); 53.7 million outstanding on Kronos subordinated, unsecured term loan from Contran due September 2029 (the Contran Term Loan 25.0 million outstanding on Kronos Global Revolver; and 11.9 million on LandWell s bank loan due in April 2036. 
 Availability under the Global Revolver is subject to a borrowing base calculation, as defined in the agreement, and at September 30, 2024, approximately 268 million was available for borrowings. Effective July 17, 2024, Kronos completed an amendment to its Global Revolver (the Second Amendment ). Among other things, the Second Amendment increased the maximum borrowing amount from 225 million to 300 million, extended the maturity date to July 2029 and expanded the facility to include LPC and LPC s receivables and certain of its inventories in the borrowing base. The LPC acquisition was financed through borrowings of 132.1 million under Kronos Global Revolver with the remainder paid with cash on hand. On July 30, 2024, Kronos wholly-owned subsidiary, KII, issued an additional 75 million principal amount of 9.50 Senior Secured Notes due 2029 (the Additional New Notes ). The Additional New Notes were issued at a premium of 107.50 of their principal amount, plus accrued interest from February 12, 2024, resulting in net proceeds of approximately 90 million, after fees and estimated expenses. The Additional New Notes are fungible with the New Notes, are treated as a single series with the New Notes, and have the same terms as the New Notes, other than their date of issuance and issue price. The proceeds from the Additional New Notes were used to pay down borrowings under the Global Revolver. Subsequent to the issuance of the Additional New Notes, in August 2024, the Contran Term Loan was amended to change the interest rate from 11.5 to 9.54 . The amended rate reflects the effective interest rate of the Additional New Notes plus an additional interest rate spread of 2 which is based upon comparable debt transactions at the time of issuance of the Additional New Notes. See Note 7 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The Contran Term loan is subordinated in right of payment to Kronos Senior Secured Notes and its Global Revolver. Kronos Senior Secured Notes, the Contran Term Loan and its Global Revolver contain a number of covenants and restrictions which, among other things, restrict its ability to incur or guarantee additional debt, incur liens, pay dividends or make other restricted payments, or merge or consolidate with, or sell or transfer substantially all of its assets to, another entity, and contain other provisions and restrictive covenants customary in lending transactions of these types. Kronos credit agreements contain provisions which could result in the acceleration of indebtedness prior to their stated maturity for reasons other than defaults for failure to comply with typical financial or payment covenants. For example, the credit agreements allow the lender to accelerate the maturity of the indebtedness upon a change of control (as defined in the agreement) of the borrower. In addition, the credit agreements could result in the acceleration of all or a portion of the indebtedness following a sale of assets outside the ordinary course of business. The terms of all of our debt instruments are discussed in Note 9 in our 2023 Annual Report. We are in compliance with all of our debt covenants at September 30, 2024. We believe we will be able to continue to comply with the financial covenants contained in our debt obligations through their maturity. Future Cash Requirements Liquidity Our primary source of liquidity on an ongoing basis is our cash flows from operating activities and borrowings under various lines of credit and notes. We generally use these amounts to (i) fund capital expenditures, (ii) repay short-term indebtedness incurred primarily for working capital purposes and (iii) provide for the payment of dividends (including dividends paid to us by our subsidiaries) or treasury stock purchases. From time-to-time we will incur indebtedness, generally to (i) fund short-term working capital needs, (ii) refinance existing indebtedness, (iii) make investments in marketable and other securities (including the acquisition of securities issued by our subsidiaries and affiliates) or (iv) fund major capital expenditures or the acquisition of other assets outside the ordinary course of business. Occasionally we sell assets outside the ordinary course of business, and we generally use the proceeds to (i) repay existing indebtedness (including indebtedness which may have been collateralized by the assets sold), (ii) make investments in marketable and other securities, (iii) fund major capital expenditures or the acquisition of other assets outside the ordinary course of business or (iv) pay dividends. We routinely compare our liquidity requirements and alternative uses of capital against the estimated future cash flows we expect to receive from our subsidiaries, and the estimated sales value of those units. As a result of this process, we have in the past sought, and may in the future seek, to raise additional capital, refinance or restructure indebtedness, repurchase indebtedness in the market or otherwise, modify our dividend policies, consider the sale of our interests in our subsidiaries, affiliates, business units, 

 46 

Table of Contents 
 marketable securities or other assets, or take a combination of these and other steps, to increase liquidity, reduce indebtedness and fund future activities. Such activities have in the past and may in the future involve related companies. We may also from time to time engage in preliminary discussions with existing or potential investors regarding the timing or terms of any such refinancing or other potential transaction. From time to time, we and our subsidiaries may enter into intercompany loans as a cash management tool. Such notes are structured as revolving demand notes and pay and receive interest on terms we believe are generally more favorable than current debt and investment market rates. The companies that borrow under these notes have sufficient liquidity to repay the notes. All of these notes and related interest expense and income are eliminated in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. We periodically evaluate acquisitions of interests in or combinations with companies (including our affiliates) that may or may not be engaged in businesses related to our current businesses. We intend to consider such acquisition activities in the future and, in connection with this activity, may consider issuing additional equity securities and increasing indebtedness. From time to time, we also evaluate the restructuring of ownership interests among our respective subsidiaries and related companies. Based upon our expectations of our operating performance, and the anticipated demands on our cash resources, we expect to have sufficient liquidity to meet our short-term (defined as the twelve-month period ending September 30, 2025) and long-term obligations (defined as the five-year period ending September 30, 2029). If actual developments differ from our expectations, our liquidity could be adversely affected. At September 30, 2024, we had 104.9 million available for borrowing under our credit facility with Contran. Amounts available under this facility are at Contran s discretion. Additionally, at September 30, 2024 approximately 268 million is available for borrowing under Kronos Global Revolver. The borrowing base is calculated quarterly and the amount available for borrowing may change based on applicable quarter end balances. See Note 7 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. At September 30, 2024, we had an aggregate of 372.5 million of restricted and unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities, including 65.3 million held by our non-U.S. subsidiaries. A detail by entity is presented in the table below. 

Total Held outside amount U.S. (In millions) Kronos 102.9 65.3 CompX 58.8 NL exclusive of its subsidiaries 117.4 BMI 16.0 Tremont exclusive of its subsidiaries 11.9 LandWell 65.4 Valhi exclusive of its subsidiaries .1 Total cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and marketable securities 372.5 65.3 Capital Expenditures and Other We currently expect our aggregate capital expenditures for 2024 will be approximately 44 million as follows: 42 million by our Chemicals Segment; and 2 million by our Component Products Segment. 
 In addition, LandWell expects to spend approximately 45 million on land development costs during 2024. Capital spending for 2024 is expected to be funded through cash generated from operations or borrowing under our existing credit facilities. Planned capital expenditures for the remainder of 2024 at Kronos and CompX will primarily be to maintain and improve our existing facilities. It is possible we will delay planned capital projects based on market conditions including but not limited to expected demand, the general availability of materials, equipment and supplies necessary to complete such projects. Repurchases of Common Stock We, Kronos and CompX have programs to repurchase common stock from time to time as market conditions permit. These stock repurchase programs do not include specific price targets or timetables and may be suspended at any time. Depending on market 

 47 

Table of Contents 
 conditions, these programs may be terminated prior to completion. Cash on hand will be used to acquire the shares, and repurchased shares will be added to treasury shares and cancelled. At September 30, 2024, Valhi had approximately .3 million shares available to repurchase under authorizations made by our board of directors. Kronos board of directors previously authorized the repurchase of up to 2.0 million shares of its common stock in open market transactions, including block purchases, or in privately-negotiated transactions at unspecified prices and over an unspecified period of time. Kronos may repurchase its common stock from time to time as market conditions permit. During the first nine months of 2023, Kronos acquired 313,814 shares of its common stock in market transactions for an aggregate purchase price of 2.8 million. At September 30, 2024, approximately 1.0 million shares were available for repurchase under these authorizations. CompX s board of directors previously authorized the repurchase of its Class A common stock in open market transactions, including block purchases, or in privately-negotiated transactions at unspecified prices and over an unspecified period of time. At September 30, 2024, approximately .5 million shares were available for repurchase under these authorizations. Dividends Because our operations are conducted primarily through subsidiaries and affiliates, our long-term ability to meet parent company level corporate obligations is largely dependent on the receipt of dividends or other distributions from our subsidiaries and affiliates. Kronos paid a regular dividend of .19 per share in each quarter of 2023 for which we received 44.1 million. In February and May 2024 the Kronos board of directors approved a regular quarterly dividend of .19 per share for the first and second quarters for which we received an aggregate of 22.0 million. In July 2024, Kronos announced a decrease in its regular quarterly dividend from .19 per share to .05 per share beginning in the third quarter of 2024. Kronos did pay its third quarter dividend and if Kronos pays its .05 per share dividend in the fourth quarter of 2024 based on the 58.0 million shares we held of Kronos common stock at September 30, 2024, we would receive aggregate dividends from Kronos of 5.8 million in the second half of 2024. NL paid a quarterly dividend of .07 per share in 2023 for which we received 11.3 million. In February 2024 the NL board of directors approved a quarterly dividend of .08 per share. If NL were to pay its .08 per share dividend in each quarter of 2024 based on the 40.4 million shares we hold of NL common stock at September 30, 2024, during 2024 we would receive aggregate quarterly dividends from NL of 12.9 million. In August 2024, NL s board of directors declared a special dividend of .43 per share on its common stock. We received 17.4 million from this special dividend which is not expected to be recurring. BMI and LandWell pay cash dividends from time to time, but the timing and amount of such dividends are uncertain. In this regard, we received aggregate dividends from BMI and LandWell of 17.6 million in 2023 and 4.0 million in the first nine months of 2024. We do not know if we will receive additional dividends from BMI and LandWell during 2024. All of our ownership interest in CompX is held through our ownership in NL; as such we do not receive any dividends from CompX. Instead any dividend paid by CompX is paid to NL. Our subsidiaries have various credit agreements with unrelated third-party lenders which contain customary limitations on the payment of dividends; however, these restrictions in the past have not significantly impacted their ability to pay dividends. Investment in our Subsidiaries and Affiliates and Other Acquisitions We have in the past, and may in the future, purchase the securities of our subsidiaries and affiliates or third parties in market or privately-negotiated transactions. We base our purchase decisions on a variety of factors, including an analysis of the optimal use of our capital, taking into account the market value of the securities and the relative value of expected returns on alternative investments. In connection with these activities, we may consider issuing additional equity securities or increasing our indebtedness. We may also evaluate the restructuring of ownership interests of our businesses among our subsidiaries and related companies. We generally do not guarantee any indebtedness or other obligations of our subsidiaries or affiliates. Our subsidiaries are not required to pay us dividends. If one or more of our subsidiaries were unable to maintain its current level of dividends, either due to restrictions contained in a credit agreement or to satisfy its liabilities or otherwise, our ability to service our liabilities or to pay dividends on our common stock could be adversely impacted. If this were to occur, we might consider reducing or eliminating our dividends or selling interests in subsidiaries or other assets. If we were required to liquidate assets to generate funds to satisfy our liabilities, we might be required to sell at less than what we believe is the long-term value of such assets. We have a 50 million revolving credit facility with a subsidiary of NL secured with approximately 35.2 million shares of the common stock of Kronos held by NL s subsidiary as collateral. Outstanding borrowings under the credit facility, as amended, bear interest at the prime rate plus 1.875 per annum, payable quarterly, with all amounts due on December 31, 2030. The maximum principal amount which may be outstanding from time-to-time under the credit facility is limited to 50 of the value of the Kronos 

 48 

Table of Contents 
 stock using the most recent closing price. The credit facility contains a number of covenants and restrictions which, among other things, restrict NL s subsidiary s ability to incur additional debt, incur liens, and merge or consolidate with, or sell or transfer substantially all of NL s subsidiary s assets to, another entity, and require NL s subsidiary to maintain a minimum specified level of consolidated net worth. Upon an event of default (as defined in the credit facility), Valhi will be entitled to terminate its commitment to make further loans to NL s subsidiary, declare the outstanding loans (with interest) immediately due and payable, and exercise its rights with respect to the collateral under the loan documents. Such collateral rights include, upon certain insolvency events with respect to NL s subsidiary or NL, the right to purchase all of the Kronos common stock at a purchase price equal to the aggregate market value, less amounts owing to Valhi under the loan documents, and up to 50 of such purchase price may be paid by Valhi in the form of an unsecured promissory note bearing interest at the prime rate plus 2.75 per annum, payable quarterly, with all amounts due no later than five years from the date of purchase, with the remainder of such purchase price payable in cash at the date of purchase. We also eliminate any such intercompany borrowings in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. There is .5 million outstanding under this facility at September 30, 2024. We also have an unsecured revolving demand promissory note with CompX which, as amended, provides for borrowings from CompX of up to 25 million. We eliminate these intercompany borrowings in our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. The facility, as amended, is due on demand, but in any event no earlier than December 31, 2025. We had gross borrowings of 17.7 million and gross repayments of 20.4 million during the first nine months of 2024, and 7.9 million was outstanding at September 30, 2024. We could borrow 17.1 million under our current intercompany facility with CompX at September 30, 2024. CompX s obligation to loan us money under this note is at CompX s discretion. Commitments and Contingencies There have been no material changes in our contractual obligations since we filed our 2023 Annual Report and we refer you to that report for a complete description of these commitments. We are subject to certain commitments and contingencies, as more fully described in our 2023 Annual Report, or in Notes 13, 16 and 19 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and in Part II, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report, including: certain income tax contingencies in various U.S. and non-U.S. jurisdictions; certain environmental remediation matters involving NL and BMI; certain litigation related to NL s former involvement in the manufacture of lead pigment and lead-based paint; and certain other litigation to which we are a party; and certain matter related to the LPC acquisition. 
 In addition to such legal proceedings, various legislation and administrative regulations have, from time to time, been proposed that seek to (i) impose various obligations on present and former manufacturers of lead pigment and lead-based paint (including NL) with respect to asserted health concerns associated with the use of such products and (ii) effectively overturn court decisions in which NL and other pigment manufacturers have been successful. Examples of such proposed legislation include bills which would permit civil liability for damages on the basis of market share, rather than requiring plaintiffs to prove that the defendant s product caused the alleged damage, and bills which would revive actions barred by the statute of limitations. While no legislation or regulations have been enacted to date that are expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations or liquidity, enactment of such legislation could have such an effect. Recent Accounting Pronouncements See Note 20 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. Critical Accounting Policies For a discussion of our critical accounting policies, refer to Part I, Item 7 - Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our 2023 Annual Report. There have been no changes in our critical accounting policies during the first nine months of 2024 except as described below: Business combinations During the third quarter of 2024, Kronos acquired the 50 joint venture interest in LPC previously held by Venator. Prior to the acquisition we accounted for Kronos interest in LPC under the equity method. The application of the purchase method of accounting for business combinations requires Kronos to use significant estimates and assumptions in the 

 49 

Table of Contents 
 determination of the estimated fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Kronos estimates of the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are based upon assumptions we believe are reasonable, and when appropriate, include assistance from independent third-party valuation advisors. See Note 19 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are exposed to market risk, including currency exchange rates, interest rates, equity security prices, and raw material prices. There have been no material changes in these market risks since we filed our 2023 Annual Report, and refer you to Part I, Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk in our 2023 Annual Report. ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures We maintain disclosure controls and procedures which, as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e), means controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file or submit to the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information we are required to disclose in the reports we file or submit to the SEC under the Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions to be made regarding required disclosure. Each of Michael S. Simmons, our Vice Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Amy Allbach Samford, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the design and effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024. Based upon their evaluation, these executive officers have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the date of such evaluation. Internal Control over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting which, as defined by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) means a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by the board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and includes those policies and procedures that: Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of our assets, Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors, and Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of an unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of assets that could have a material effect on our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Other As permitted by the SEC, our assessment of internal control over financial reporting excludes (i) internal control over financial reporting of equity method investees and (ii) internal control over the preparation of any financial statement schedules which would be required by Article 12 of Regulation S-X. However, our assessment of internal control over financial reporting with respect to equity method investees did include controls over the recording of amounts related to our investment that are recorded in the consolidated financial statements, including controls over the selection of accounting methods for our investments, the recognition of equity method earnings and losses and the determination, valuation and recording of our investment account balances. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There has been no change to our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

 50 

Table of Contents 
 Part II. OTHER INFORMATION ITEM 1. Legal Proceedings . In addition to the matters discussed below, refer to Note 16 to our Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, our June 30, 2024 Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our 2023 Annual Report for descriptions of certain legal proceedings. Gowanus Canal Superfund Site. In October 2024, NL was served in Brooklyn Union Gas Co. v. Consolidated Edison Co . of New York, et al. (United States District Court for the Eastern District of New York, Case No. 1:24-cv-06993). This complaint asserts claims under CERCLA and New York law against NL and a number of other private parties, federal and state agencies, and agencies of the City of New York. The plaintiff, a former gas manufacturer, seeks to recover a portion of investigation and remediation costs it allegedly incurred to address contamination at the Gowanus Canal Superfund Site. NL intends to deny liability and will vigorously defend against all claims . Raritan Bay Slag Superfund Site. On September 4, 2024, the United States of America, on behalf of several agencies of the United States, joined by the New Jersey Department of Environmental Protection NJDEP ), the Commissioner of the NJDEP, and the Administrator of the New Jersey Spill Compensation Fund, filed a complaint and concurrently lodged a proposed consent decree with the United States District Court for the District of New Jersey in a lawsuit captioned United States of America, et al. v. NL Industries, Inc., et al. (Civil Action No. 3:24-cv-08946). The proposed consent decree requires the United States Army Corps of Engineers (and other federal agencies), the State of New Jersey, the Township of Old Bridge, NL, and twenty-two other private companies to pay a total of 151.1 million, plus interest, to resolve all federal and state law claims for past and future response costs under CERCLA and the NJ Spill Act, including natural resource damages, contribution, and indemnification, relating to the Raritan Bay Slag Superfund Site the RBS Site ). If approved by the court, the proposed consent decree will be a global settlement of all such claims relating to the RBS Site, including all the claims asserted by NL and other settling parties in NL Industries, Inc. v. Old Bridge Township, et al. (United States District Court for the District of New Jersey, Civil Action No. 3:13-cv-03943). Under the terms of the proposed consent decree, NL has agreed to pay 56.1 million, plus interest, toward the global settlement. NL has agreed to a structured settlement with 35 million, plus interest, due within 7 business days of judicial approval of the consent decree. Two additional payments of 10.55 million each, plus interest, will be due 6 months and 12 months, respectively, after the date of the initial payment. Of NL s 56.1 million payment obligation, NL expects to recover 9.57 million from the twenty-two other private companies as part of the global settlement. All monetary obligations of NL in the proposed consent decree have previously been accrued. The consent decree is contingent upon judicial approval, which may be provided following notice and public comment. ITEM 1A. Risk Factors . In addition to the risk factor discussed below, refer to Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in our 2023 Annual Report for a discussion of the risk factors related to our businesses. Kronos recent acquisition of the remaining 50 interest in LPC may not generate benefits we anticipate and may otherwise affect our business and prospects. Kronos recently completed the LPC acquisition in which it purchased the 50 ownership interest in LPC it did not previously own. If Kronos experiences unforeseen technological, operational or other difficulties in managing the integration of LPC as its wholly-owned subsidiary, Kronos may not be able to implement the process innovations at the facility as it expects. In addition, Kronos may not be able to achieve the synergies or improve efficiency and product quality as it expects. With or without such difficulties, the integration of the LPC facility into Kronos operations may divert significant management time and attention from its other operations. If Kronos fails to successfully integrate LPC into its operations, or if the LPC acquisition does not return expected synergies or a level of sales as Kronos expects, or if LPC has unexpected legal or financial liabilities, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 

 51 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 6. Exhibits . 

ITEM No. Exhibit Index 10.1 Supplemental Indenture No. 2, dated as of August 8, 2024, among Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. and Kronos LPC, LLC (as new guarantors under the Indenture dated as of September 13, 2017, as amended), Kronos International, Inc., and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, collateral agent, paying agent, transfer agent and registrar incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of Kronos Worldwide, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 10.2 Second Supplemental Indenture dated as of August 8, 2024, among Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. and Kronos LPC, LLC (as new guarantors under the Indenture dated as of February 12, 2024, as amended), Kronos International, Inc., and Deutsche Bank Trust Company Americas, as trustee, collateral agent, paying agent, transfer agent and registrar incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 of Kronos Worldwide, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 10.3 Joinder No. 1 dated as of August 8, 2024, to the Pledge Agreement dated as of September 13, 2017, joining Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. and Kronos LPC, LLC to the Pledge Agreement incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of Kronos Worldwide, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 10.4 Pledge Amendment dated as of August 8, 2024, to the Pledge Agreement dated as of September 13, 2017, executed by Kronos Louisiana, Inc. and Kronos LPC, LLC regarding additional pledged securities incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of Kronos Worldwide, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 10.5 First Amendment to Guaranty and Security Agreement, entered into as of July 17, 2024, by and among Kronos Worldwide, Inc., Kronos Louisiana, Inc., Kronos (US), Inc., Kronos International, Inc. and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association as administrative agent and lender, amending Guaranty and Security Agreement dated as of April 20, 2021 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of Kronos Worldwide, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 10.6 Joinder No. 1 dated as of August 7, 2024, joining Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P. and Kronos LPC, LLC to the Guaranty and Security Agreement dated as of April 20, 2021, as amended incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of Kronos Worldwide, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 10.7 Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement dated August 13, 2024, by and between Kronos Louisiana, Inc., Kronos Worldwide, Inc., Venator Investments, Ltd., Venator Materials PLC. and Louisiana Pigment Company, L.P, amending Purchase Agreement dated as of July 16, 2024 incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of Kronos Worldwide, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024. 31.1 Certification 31.2 Certification 32.1 Certification 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

 52 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM No. Exhibit Index 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

 53 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

VALHI, INC. (Registrant) Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Amy Allbach Samford Amy Allbach Samford (Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer) Date: November 7, 2024 /s/ Patty S. Brinda Patty S. Brinda (Vice President and Controller) 

 54 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 vhl-20240930xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 I, Michael S. Simmons, certify that: 1) I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Valhi, Inc.; 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 7, 2024 

/s/ Michael S. Simmons Michael S. Simmons Vice Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 vhl-20240930xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 I, Amy A. Samford, certify that: 1) I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Valhi, Inc.; 2) Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3) Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4) The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 5) The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: November 7, 2024 

/s/Amy A. Samford Amy A. Samford Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 vhl-20240930xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Valhi, Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), we, Michael S. Simmons, Vice Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer, and Amy A. Samford, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. /s/ Michael S. Simmons /s/ Amy A. Samford Michael S. Simmons Vice Chairman of the Board, President and Chief Executive Officer November 7, 2024 Amy A. Samford Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer November 7, 2024 
 Note: The certification the registrant furnishes in this exhibit is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that Section. Registration Statements or other documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission shall not incorporate this exhibit by reference, except as otherwise expressly stated in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 vhl-20240930.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 vhl-20240930_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 vhl-20240930_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 vhl-20240930_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 vhl-20240930_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

