<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_1479094_0001479094-24-000031.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9937253</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>140381</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1465253</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4082232</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2166018</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1856838</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001479094-24-000031.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029160822
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001479094-24-000031
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			STAG Industrial, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001479094
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				273099608
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34907
		FILM NUMBER:		241405761

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE FEDERAL STREET
		STREET 2:		23RD FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(617)574-4777

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		ONE FEDERAL STREET
		STREET 2:		23RD FLOOR
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02110

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	STAG Industrial REIT, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20091218

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001479094-24-000031.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 stag-20240930.htm
 10-Q

stag-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 FORM 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to . 
 
 Commission file number 
 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ____________________________________________________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of (IRS Employer Identification No.) incorporation or organization) 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 
 
 ) 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The number of shares of common stock outstanding at October 28, 2024 was . 

Table of Contents 

 STAG Industrial, Inc. 
 Table of Contents PART I. 
 Financial Information 
 3 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 202 3 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 202 3 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended S eptember 30, 2024 and 202 3 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended Septem ber 30, 2024 and 202 3 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 202 3 
 7 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 44 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 45 
 PART II. 
 Other Information 
 46 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 46 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 46 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 46 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 46 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 47 
 SIGNATURES 
 48 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Part I. Financial Information 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 

STAG Industrial, Inc. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (unaudited, in thousands, except share data) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Rental Property: Land Buildings and improvements, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Deferred leasing intangibles, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Total rental property, net Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Tenant accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets Interest rate swaps Operating lease right-of-use assets Total assets Liabilities and Equity Liabilities: Unsecured credit facility Unsecured term loans, net Unsecured notes, net Mortgage notes, net Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Interest rate swaps Tenant prepaid rent and security deposits Dividends and distributions payable Deferred leasing intangibles, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Operating lease liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 11) per share, shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; issued or outstanding 
 Common stock, par value per share, shares authorized at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Cumulative dividends in excess of earnings ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income Total stockholders equity Noncontrolling interest Noncontrolling interest in joint venture Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 STAG Industrial, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (unaudited, in thousands, except per share data) Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Rental income Other income Total revenue Expenses Property General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Loss on impairment Other expenses Total expenses Other income (expense) Interest and other income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Debt extinguishment and modification expenses ) ) Gain on involuntary conversion Gain on the sales of rental property, net Total other income (expense) ) ) ) ) Net income Less: income attributable to noncontrolling interest Net income attributable to STAG Industrial, Inc. Less: amount allocated to participating securities Net income attributable to common stockholders Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted Net income per share basic and diluted Net income per share attributable to common stockholders basic Net income per share attributable to common stockholders diluted 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 STAG Industrial, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (unaudited, in thousands) Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Income (loss) on interest rate swaps ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income Income attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) ) ) Other comprehensive (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interest ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to STAG Industrial, Inc. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 STAG Industrial, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Equity 
 (unaudited, in thousands, except share data) Preferred Stock Common Stock Additional Paid-in Capital Cumulative Dividends in Excess of Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Total Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interest - Unit Holders in Operating Partnership Noncontrolling Interest in Joint Venture Total Equity Shares Amount Three months ended September 30, 2024 Balance, June 30, 2024 ) Proceeds from sales of common stock, net ) ) ) Dividends and distributions, net per share/unit) 
 ) ) ) ) Non-cash compensation activity, net Redemption of common units to common stock ) Rebalancing of noncontrolling interest ) Contributions from noncontrolling interest in joint venture Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net income Balance, September 30, 2024 ) Three months ended September 30, 2023 Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Proceeds from sales of common stock, net Dividends and distributions, net per share/unit) 
 ) ) ) ) Non-cash compensation activity, net Redemption of common units to common stock ) Rebalancing of noncontrolling interest ) Other comprehensive income Net income Balance, September 30, 2023 ) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Balance, December 31, 2023 ) Proceeds from sales of common stock, net ) ) ) Dividends and distributions, net per share/unit) 
 ) ) ) ) Non-cash compensation activity, net ) Redemption of common units to common stock ) Rebalancing of noncontrolling interest ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interest in joint venture Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net income Balance, September 30, 2024 ) Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Proceeds from sales of common stock, net Dividends and distributions, net per share/unit) 
 ) ) ) ) Non-cash compensation activity, net ) ) ) Redemption of common units to common stock ) Rebalancing of noncontrolling interest ) Other comprehensive income Net income Balance, September 30, 2023 ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 STAG Industrial, Inc . 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited, in thousands) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Loss on impairment Gain on involuntary conversion ) Non-cash portion of interest expense Amortization of above and below market leases, net ) Straight-line rent adjustments, net ) ) Debt extinguishment and modification expenses Gain on the sales of rental property, net ) ) Non-cash compensation expense Change in assets and liabilities: Tenant accounts receivable Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Tenant prepaid rent and security deposits Total adjustments Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Additions of land and buildings and improvements ) ) Acquisitions of land and buildings and improvements ) ) Acquisitions of other assets ) Acquisitions of tenant prepaid rent Proceeds from sales of rental property, net Acquisition deposits, net ) Acquisitions of deferred leasing intangibles ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from unsecured credit facility Repayment of unsecured credit facility ) ) Proceeds from unsecured notes Repayment of unsecured notes ) Repayment of mortgage notes ) ) Payment of loan fees and costs ) ) Proceeds from sales of common stock, net ) Dividends and distributions ) ) Repurchase and retirement of share-based compensation ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interest in joint venture Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash end of period Supplemental disclosure: Cash paid for interest, net of amounts capitalized of and for 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Supplemental schedule of non-cash investing and financing activities Acquisitions of land and buildings and improvements ) ) Acquisitions of deferred leasing intangibles ) ) Additions to building and other capital improvements from involuntary conversion ) Investing other receivables due to involuntary conversion of building Change in additions of land, building, and improvements included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Additions to building and other capital improvements from non-cash compensation ) ) Change in loan fees, costs, and offering costs included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Dividends and distributions accrued 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 STAG Industrial, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 
 and , respectively, of the common units of the limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary, is the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. As used herein, the Company refers to STAG Industrial, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries, including the Operating Partnership, except where context otherwise requires. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company owned industrial buildings in states with approximately million rentable square feet. 

2. 

8 

Table of Contents 

Restricted Cash 
 
 Restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 
 Uncertain Tax Positions 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were liabilities for uncertain tax positions. 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 

3. 
 
 Buildings, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Tenant improvements, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Building and land improvements, net of accumulated depreciation of and , respectively 
 Construction in progress Deferred leasing intangibles, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Total rental property, net 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 Three months ended March 31, 2024 Milwaukee, WI April 8, 2024 Portland, OR April 15, 2024 Louisville, IN April 16, 2024 Portland, OR (2) 
 June 6, 2024 El Paso, TX June 10, 2024 Chicago, IL June 24, 2024 Columbus, OH June 26, 2024 Three months ended June 30, 2024 Reno, NV (2) 
 July 25, 2024 Reno, NV (3) 
 August 8, 2024 LaGrange, GA September 9, 2024 Boston, MA September 12, 2024 Three months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 (1) As defined by CBRE-EA industrial market geographies. If the building is located outside of a CBRE-EA defined market, the city and state is reflected. 
 (2) The Company acquired a vacant land parcel. 
 (3) The Company acquired a vacant land parcel through a consolidated joint venture. 
 
 On August 8, 2024, the Company formed a joint venture with a third party that is primarily engaged in the development and operation of an industrial real estate property located in Reno, Nevada. The Company determined to account for its investment in the joint venture under the voting interest model of consolidation. See Note 2 for further discussion of this determination. See Note 7 for further discussion of the third party s noncontrolling interest in the joint venture. 
 
 N/A Buildings N/A Tenant improvements N/A Building and land improvements N/A Construction in progress N/A Other assets N/A Deferred leasing intangibles - In-place leases Deferred leasing intangibles - Tenant relationships Deferred leasing intangibles - Above market leases Deferred leasing intangibles - Below market leases ) Total purchase price 

10 

Table of Contents 

 Building square feet (in millions) Proceeds from sales of rental property, net Net book value Gain on the sales of rental property, net (1) 
 
 (1) Inclusive of a loss on the sale of rental property, net, of approximately million. 
 
 The following table summarizes the results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 for the buildings sold during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which are included in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations prior to the date of sale. 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Sales of rental property, net (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Sold buildings contribution to net income (loss) (1) 
 ) ) 
 (1) Exclusive of gain on the sales of rental property, net and loss on impairment. 
 
 Loss on Impairment 
 
 The following table summarizes the Company s loss on impairment for assets held and used during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company did t recognize a loss on impairment during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Market (1) 
 Buildings Event or Change in Circumstance Leading to Impairment Evaluation (2) 
 Valuation Technique Utilized to Estimate Fair Value Fair Value (3) 
 Loss on Impairment (in thousands) Salt Lake City, UT Change in estimated hold period (4) 
 Discounted cash flows (5) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 (1) As defined by CBRE-EA industrial market geographies. If the building is located outside of a CBRE-EA defined market, the city and state is reflected. 
 (2) The Company tested the asset group for impairment utilizing a probability weighted recovery analysis of certain scenarios, and it was determined that the carrying value of the property and intangibles were not recoverable from the estimated future undiscounted cash flows. 
 (3) The estimated fair value of the property is based on Level 3 inputs and is a non-recurring fair value measurement. Level 3 is defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. 
 (4) This building was sold during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (5) Level 3 inputs used to determine fair value for the property impaired: discount rate of and exit capitalization rate of . 
 
 Involuntary Conversion 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the approximately million receivable at December 31, 2023 from the insurance coverage related to the involuntary conversion event that occurred in December 2023 was relieved and exchanged for improvements made to the building and included as non-cash investing activity on the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized a gain on involuntary conversion of approximately million and million, respectively. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

) ) Other intangible lease assets ) ) Total deferred leasing intangible assets ) ) Below market leases ) ) Total deferred leasing intangible liabilities ) ) 
 
 The following table summarizes the net increase to rental income and amortization expense for the amortization of deferred leasing intangibles during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Deferred Leasing Intangibles Amortization (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net increase (decrease) to rental income related to above and below market lease amortization ) Amortization expense related to other intangible lease assets 

12 

Table of Contents 

 4. 
 
 Term SOFR + i Total unsecured credit facility Unsecured term loans: Unsecured Term Loan G i Unsecured Term Loan A i Unsecured Term Loan H i Unsecured Term Loan I i Unsecured Term Loan F (5) 
 i Total unsecured term loans Total unamortized deferred financing fees and debt issuance costs ) ) Total carrying value unsecured term loans, net Unsecured notes: Series A Unsecured Notes (6) 
 ii Series D Unsecured Notes ii Series G Unsecured Notes ii Series B Unsecured Notes ii Series C Unsecured Notes ii Series E Unsecured Notes ii Series H Unsecured Notes ii Series L Unsecured Notes ii Series M Unsecured Notes ii Series I Unsecured Notes ii Series K Unsecured Notes ii Series J Unsecured Notes ii Series N Unsecured Notes ii Total unsecured notes 
 Total unamortized deferred financing fees and debt issuance costs ) ) 
 Total carrying value unsecured notes, net 
 
 Mortgage notes (secured debt): 
 United of Omaha Life Insurance Company ii Total mortgage notes Net unamortized fair market value discount ) ) Total carrying value mortgage notes, net Total / weighted average interest rate (7) 
 
 (1) Interest rate as of September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the one-month Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR was . The current interest rate is not adjusted to include the amortization of deferred financing fees or debt issuance costs incurred in obtaining debt or any unamortized fair market value premiums or discounts. The spread over the applicable rate for the Company s unsecured credit facility and unsecured term loans is based on the Company s debt rating and leverage ratio, as defined in the respective loan agreements. 
 (2) The unsecured credit facility has a stated interest rate of one-month Term SOFR plus a adjustment and a spread of . The unsecured term loans have a stated interest rate of one-month Term SOFR plus a adjustment and a spread of . As of September 30, 2024, one-month Term SOFR for the Unsecured Term Loans A, F, G, H, and I was swapped to a fixed rate of , , , , and , respectively (which includes the 0.10 adjustment). The Unsecured Term Loan F provides for the election of Daily Simple Secured Overnight Financing Rate Daily SOFR ), and effective January 15, 2025, Daily SOFR will be swapped to a fixed rate of . 
 (3) Prepayment terms consist of (i) pre-payable with no penalty; and (ii) pre-payable with penalty. 
 (4) The capacity of the unsecured credit facility is billion. Deferred financing fees and debt issuance costs, net of accumulated amortization related to the unsecured credit facility of approximately million and million are included in prepaid expenses and other assets on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The initial maturity date is September 8, 2028, or such later date which may be extended pursuant to extension options exercisable by the Company in its discretion upon advance written notice. Exercise of each six-month option is subject to the following conditions: (i) absence of a default immediately before the extension and immediately after giving effect to the extension; (ii) accuracy of representations and warranties as of the extension date (both immediately before and after the extension), as 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 to , depending on the Company s debt rating, as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement (as defined below). The facility fee is due and payable quarterly. 
 (5) The initial maturity date is March 25, 2027, or such later date which may be extended pursuant to one -year extension options exercisable by the Company in its discretion upon advance written notice. Exercise of each one-year option is subject to the following conditions: (i) absence of a default immediately before the extension and immediately after giving effect to the extension; (ii) accuracy of representations and warranties as of the extension date (both immediately before and after the extension), as if made on the extension date; and (iii) payment of a fee. Neither extension option is subject to lender consent, assuming proper notice and satisfaction of the conditions. 
 (6) Subsequent to September 30, 2024, on October 1, 2024, the Company redeemed in full at maturity the million in aggregate principal amount of the Series A Unsecured Notes. 
 (7) The weighted average interest rate was calculated using the fixed interest rate swapped on the notional amount of million of debt and is not adjusted to include the amortization of deferred financing fees or debt issuance costs incurred in obtaining debt or any unamortized fair market value premiums or discounts. 
 
 The aggregate undrawn nominal commitment on the unsecured credit facility as of September 30, 2024 was approximately million, including issued letters of credit. The Company s actual borrowing capacity at any given point in time may be restricted to a maximum amount based on the Company s debt covenant compliance. Total accrued interest for the Company s indebtedness was approximately million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 Facility, unused, and other fees 
 
 Debt Activity 
 
 On September 10, 2024, the Company entered into the second amended and restated credit agreement for the unsecured credit facility (the 2024 Credit Agreement to (i) extend the maturity date to September 8, 2028, or such later date which may be extended pursuant to two six-month extension options exercisable by the Company in its discretion, subject to certain conditions, including the payment of a fee, and (ii) provide that borrowings under the unsecured credit facility will, at the Company s election, bear interest based on a Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR (each as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement), which interest rate will be increased by for any SOFR Loan (as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement), plus an applicable spread based on the Company s debt rating and leverage ratio (each as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement). Other than the increase in the borrowing commitments and the interest rate provisions described above, the material terms of the unsecured credit facility remain unchanged. 
 
 In connection with the 2024 Credit Agreement, the Company incurred approximately million in costs, which have been deferred and will amortize through the maturity date of September 8, 2028. The previous unamortized fees related to the unsecured credit facility have been extended to amortize through the new maturity date of September 8, 2028. Additionally, the Company incurred approximately thousand of modification expenses, which were recognized in debt extinguishment and modification expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 On June 29, 2024, the sustainability-related interest rate reduction of on the Company s unsecured credit facility and each of the unsecured term loans ended in accordance with the respective loan agreements. 
 
 On March 25, 2024, the Company entered into a second amended and restated term loan agreement for the Unsecured Term Loan F to (i) extend the maturity date to March 25, 2027, with two one-year extension options, subject to certain conditions (discussed below), that would extend the maturity date to March 23, 2029 if both exercised, and (ii) provide that borrowings under the Unsecured Term Loan F will, at the Company s election, bear interest based on a Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR (each as defined in the loan agreement), which interest rate will be increased by for any SOFR Loan (as defined in the loan agreement), plus an applicable spread based on the Company s debt rating and leverage ratio (each as defined in the loan agreement), less a sustainability-related adjustment. Other than the maturity and interest rate provisions described above, the material terms remain unchanged. 
 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 of the outstanding amount on the effective day of each extension period. Neither extension option is subject to lender consent, assuming proper notice and satisfaction of the conditions. Upon execution of the amended loan agreement for the Unsecured Term Loan F, the Company intended to exercise both extension options. In connection with the amended loan agreement, the Company incurred approximately million in costs, which have been deferred, including approximately million of accrued extension fees, and will amortize through the extended maturity date of March 23, 2029. The Company also incurred approximately million of modification expenses which were recognized in debt extinguishment and modification expenses in the accompanying Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 On March 13, 2024, the Company entered into a note purchase agreement (the March 2024 NPA for the private placement by the Operating Partnership of million senior unsecured notes maturing May 28, 2029, with a fixed annual interest rate of , million senior unsecured notes maturing May 28, 2031, with a fixed annual interest rate of , and million senior unsecured notes maturing May 28, 2034, with a fixed annual interest rate of . The March 2024 NPA contains a number of financial covenants substantially similar to the financial covenants contained in the Company s unsecured credit facility and other unsecured notes, plus a financial covenant that requires the Company to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of not less than :1.00. The Company and certain wholly owned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership are guarantors of the unsecured notes. On May 28, 2024, the Operating Partnership issued all of the notes under the March 2024 NPA. 
 
 Financial Covenant Considerations 
 
 as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 related to its unsecured credit facility, unsecured term loans, unsecured notes, and mortgage notes. The real estate net book value of the properties that are collateral for the Company s debt arrangements was approximately million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is limited to senior, property-level secured debt financing arrangements. 
 
 Fair Value of Debt 
 
 Unsecured term loans Unsecured notes Mortgage notes Total principal amount Net unamortized fair market value discount ) ) Total unamortized deferred financing fees and debt issuance costs ) ) Total carrying value 
 
 The applicable fair value guidance establishes a three tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. These tiers include: Level 1, defined as observable inputs such as quoted prices in active markets; Level 2, defined as inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are either directly or indirectly observable; and Level 3, defined as unobservable inputs in which little or no market data exists, therefore requiring an entity to develop its own assumptions. The fair value of the Company s debt is based on Level 3 inputs. 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 5. 
 
 interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional value of million which fix Daily SOFR at , effective January 15, 2025 and mature on March 25, 2027 and were designated as cash flow hedges. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had interest rate swaps, all of which are used to hedge the variable cash flows associated with unsecured loans. All of the Company s interest rate swaps convert the related loans Term SOFR or Daily SOFR components, as applicable, to effectively fixed interest rates, and the Company has concluded that each of the hedging relationships are highly effective. 
 
 Interest rate swaps-gross liability (1) 
 ) 
 (1) The notional amount for these interest rate swaps are effective January 15, 2025. 
 
 Cash Flow Hedges of Interest Rate Risk 
 
 The Company s objectives in using interest rate swaps are to add stability to interest expense and to manage its exposure to interest rate movements. 
 
 For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) and subsequently reclassified to interest expense in the same periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. 
 
 Amounts reported in accumulated other comprehensive income related to derivatives designated as qualifying cash flow hedges will be reclassified to interest expense as interest payments are made on the Company s variable rate debt. The Company estimates that approximately million will be reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income as a decrease to interest expense over the next 12 months. Income reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into income as interest expense Total interest expense presented in the Consolidated Statements of Operations in which the effects of cash flow hedges are recorded 
 
 Credit-risk-related Contingent Features 
 
 The Company has agreements with each of its derivative counterparties that contain a provision where the Company could be declared in default on its derivative obligations if repayment of the underlying indebtedness is accelerated by the lender due to the Company s default on the indebtedness. 
 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 Interest rate swaps-gross liability ) ) 
 Fair Value Measurements as of December 31, 2023 Using Balance Sheet Line Item (in thousands) Fair Value December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Interest rate swaps-gross asset 

6. 
 
 shares of preferred stock, par value per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 The Company is authorized to issue up to shares of common stock, par value per share. 

17 

Table of Contents 

 Gross sale price per share Gross sale price (in thousands) Net sale price per share Maturity date September 22, 2025 September 5, 2025 September 30, 2025 March 31, 2025 January 9, 2025 
 
 The Company expects to fully physically settle the applicable forward sale agreements on one or more dates prior to the respective scheduled maturity dates, at which point the Company would receive the proceeds net of certain costs; provided, however, the Company may elect to cash settle or net share settle such forward sale agreements at any time through the respective scheduled maturity dates. 
 
 In addition to the forward sale agreements discussed above, at September 30, 2024, there was an additional outstanding forward sale agreement that the Company entered into during the year ended December 31, 2023 for shares sold on a forward basis under the ATM common stock offering program. The Company expects to fully physically settle such forward sale agreement on one or more dates prior to the scheduled maturity date of December 14, 2024, at which point the Company would receive the proceeds net of certain costs; provided, however, the Company may elect to cash settle or net share settle such forward sale agreement. 
 
 Restricted Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 The Company granted restricted shares of common stock under the 2011 Plan on January 8, 2024 to certain employees of the Company, which will vest over in equal installments on January 1 of each year beginning on January 1, 2025, subject to the recipient s continued employment. 
 
 Granted Vested (1) 
 ) Forfeited ) Balance at September 30, 2024 
 (1) The Company repurchased and retired restricted shares of common stock that vested during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 The unrecognized compensation expense associated with the Company s restricted shares of common stock at September 30, 2024 was approximately million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 
 Fair value of vested restricted shares of common stock (in thousands) 
 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 7. 
 
 Granted/Issued N/A Forfeited N/A Conversions from LTIP units to Other Common Units ) N/A Redemptions from Other Common Units to common stock ) ) N/A Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 LTIP Units 
 
 On July 1, 2024, the Company s board of directors appointed Vicki Lundy Wilbon to serve as director of the Company. The Company granted LTIP units under the 2011 Plan to Ms. Wilbon on July 1, 2024, which, subject to Ms. Wilbon s continued service, will vest on January 1, 2025. 
 
 The Company granted LTIP units under the 2011 Plan on January 8, 2024 to non-employee, independent directors, which will vest on January 1, 2025, subject to the recipient s continued service. The Company granted LTIP units under the 2011 Plan on January 8, 2024 to certain executive officers and senior employees of the Company, which will vest in equal installments on a quarterly basis over , with the first vesting date having been March 31, 2024, subject to the recipient s continued employment. Refer to Note 8 for a discussion of the LTIP units granted on January 8, 2024 pursuant to the 2021 performance units. 
 
 The fair value of the LTIP units as of the grant date was determined by a lattice-binomial option-pricing model based on a Monte Carlo simulation. The fair value of the LTIP units are based on Level 3 inputs and non-recurring fair value measurements. 
 
 Expected stock price volatility Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate Fair value of LTIP units at issuance (in thousands) LTIP units at issuance Fair value unit price per LTIP unit at issuance 
 
 The expected stock price volatility is based on a mix of the historical and implied volatilities of the Company and certain peer group companies. The expected dividend yield is based on the Company s average historical dividend yield and the dividend yield as of the valuation date for each award. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury note yields matching a three-year time period. 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited Balance at September 30, 2024 
 
 The unrecognized compensation expense associated with the Company s LTIP units at September 30, 2024 was approximately million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interest in Joint Venture 
 
 On August 8, 2024, the Company formed a joint venture with a third party that is primarily engaged in the development and eventual operation of an industrial real estate property located in Reno, Nevada. At September 30, 2024, the Company held a interest and the third party held the remaining interest in the joint venture. The third party equity interest in the joint venture, totaling approximately million at September 30, 2024, is included in noncontrolling interest in joint venture on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 

8. 

Expected dividend yield Risk-free interest rate Fair value of performance units grant (in thousands) 
 
 The expected stock price volatility is based on a mix of the historical and implied volatilities of the Company and certain peer group companies. The expected dividend yield is based on the Company s average historical dividend yield and the dividend yield as of the valuation date for each award. The risk-free interest rate is based on U.S. Treasury note yields matching the three-year performance period. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Vested shares of common stock Shares of common stock repurchased and retired 
 
 The unrecognized compensation expense associated with the Company s performance units at September 30, 2024 was approximately million and is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of approximately years. 
 
 Non-cash Compensation Expense 
 
 LTIP units Performance units Director compensation (1) 
 
 Total non-cash compensation expense 
 (1) All of the Company s independent directors elected to receive shares of common stock in lieu of cash for their service during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The number of shares of common stock granted was calculated based on the trailing day average common stock price on the third business day preceding the grant date. 

9. 
 
 Variable lease payments Straight-line rental income Net increase (decrease) to rental income related to above and below market lease amortization ) Total rental income 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had accrued rental income of approximately million and million, respectively, included in tenant accounts receivable on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, which is included in tenant prepaid rent and security deposits on the accompanying Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 
 Lessee Leases 
 
 The Company has operating leases in which it is the lessee for its ground leases and corporate office leases. These leases have remaining lease terms of approximately years to years. Certain ground leases contain options to extend the leases for to years, all of which are reasonably certain to be exercised, and are included in the computation of the Company s right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities. 
 
 Weighted average discount rate 
 
 The following table summarizes the operating lease cost included in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Operating Lease Cost (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating lease cost included in property expense attributable to ground leases Operating lease cost included in general and administrative expense attributable to corporate office leases Total operating lease cost 
 
 The following table summarizes supplemental cash flow information related to operating leases in the Company s Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, Operating Leases (in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities (operating cash flows) Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for new lease liabilities 
 22 

Table of Contents 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of operating lease liabilities 
 (1) Operating lease liabilities do not include estimates of CPI rent changes required by certain ground lease agreements. Therefore, actual payments may differ from those presented. 

10. 
 
 , , and of unvested restricted shares of common stock (on a weighted average basis), respectively, that were considered participating securities for the purposes of computing earnings per share. 
 
 Denominator Weighted average common shares outstanding basic Effect of dilutive securities (1) 
 Share-based compensation Shares issuable under forward sale agreements Weighted average common shares outstanding diluted Net income per share basic and diluted Net income per share attributable to common stockholders basic Net income per share attributable to common stockholders diluted 
 , , and 

11. 

million as of September 30, 2024 related to construction projects and certain other agreements. 

12. 
 
 23 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 You should read the following discussion with the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in Item 1 of this report and the audited financial statements and related notes thereto included in our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 As used herein, except where the context otherwise requires, Company, we, our and us, refer to STAG Industrial, Inc. and our consolidated subsidiaries and partnerships, including our operating partnership, STAG Industrial Operating Partnership, L.P. (the Operating Partnership ). 

Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the safe harbor from civil liability provided for such statements by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 (set forth in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )). You can identify forward-looking statements by the use of words such as anticipates, believes, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, projects, seeks, should, will, and variations of such words or similar expressions. Forward-looking statements in this report include, among others, statements about our future financial condition, results of operations, capitalization rates on future acquisitions, our business strategy and objectives, including our acquisition strategy, occupancy and leasing rates and trends, and expected liquidity needs and sources (including capital expenditures and the ability to obtain financing or raise capital). Our forward-looking statements reflect our current views about our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects, which are based on the information currently available to us and on assumptions we have made. Although we believe that our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies and prospects as reflected in or suggested by our forward-looking statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that our plans, intentions, expectations, strategies or prospects will be attained or achieved and you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Furthermore, actual results may differ materially from those described in the forward-looking statements and may be affected by a variety of risks and factors including, without limitation: 
 
 the factors included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as updated elsewhere in this report, including those set forth under the headings Business, Risk Factors, and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations; 
 the risk of global or national recessions and international, national, regional, and local economic conditions; 
 our ability to raise equity capital on attractive terms; 
 the competitive environment in which we operate; 
 real estate risks, including fluctuations in real estate values, the general economic climate in local markets and competition for tenants in such markets, and the repurposing or redevelopment of retail properties into industrial properties (in part or whole); 
 decreased rental rates or increased vacancy rates; 
 the general level of interest rates and currencies; 
 potential defaults (including bankruptcies or insolvency) on or non-renewal of leases by tenants; 
 acquisition risks, including our ability to identify and complete accretive acquisitions and/or failure of such acquisitions to perform in accordance with projections; 
 the timing of acquisitions and dispositions; 
 technological developments, particularly those affecting supply chains and logistics; 
 potential natural disasters, epidemics, pandemics or outbreak of infectious disease, such as the novel coronavirus disease COVID-19 ), and other potentially catastrophic events such as acts of war and/or terrorism (including Russia s invasion of Ukraine and the Israel-Hamas war, the risk of such conflicts widening and the related impact on macroeconomic conditions as a result of such conflicts); 
 potential changes in the law or governmental regulations and interpretations of those laws and regulations, including changes in real estate and zoning laws or real estate investment trust REIT or corporate income tax laws, and potential increases in real property tax rates; 
 financing risks, including the risks that our cash flows from operations may be insufficient to meet required payments of principal and interest and we may be unable to refinance our existing debt upon maturity or obtain new financing on attractive terms or at all; 
 credit risk in the event of non-performance by the counterparties to the interest rate swaps and revolving and unfunded debt; 
 how and when pending forward equity sales may settle; 
 lack of or insufficient amounts of insurance; 
 our ability to maintain our qualification as a REIT; 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 our ability to retain key personnel; 
 litigation, including costs associated with prosecuting or defending claims and any adverse outcomes; and 
 possible environmental liabilities, including costs, fines or penalties that may be incurred due to necessary remediation of contamination of properties presently owned or previously owned by us. 
 
 Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made. New risks and uncertainties arise over time, and it is not possible for us to predict those events or how they may affect us. Except as required by law, we are not obligated to, and do not intend to, update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Certain Definitions 
 
 In this report: 
 
 Cash Rent Change means the percentage change in the base rent of the lease commenced during the period compared to the base rent of the Comparable Lease for assets included in the Operating Portfolio. The calculation compares the first base rent payment due after the lease commencement date compared to the base rent of the last monthly payment due prior to the termination of the lease, excluding holdover rent. Rent under gross or similar type leases are converted to a net rent based on an estimate of the applicable recoverable expenses. 
 
 Comparable Lease means a lease in the same space with a similar lease structure as compared to the previous in-place lease, excluding new leases for space that was not occupied under our ownership. 
 
 GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. 
 
 New Lease means a lease that is signed for an initial term equal to or greater than 12 months for any vacant space, including a lease signed by a new tenant or an existing tenant that is expanding into new (additional) space. 
 
 Occupancy rate means the percentage of total leasable square footage for which either revenue recognition has commenced in accordance with GAAP or the lease term has commenced as of the close of the reporting period, whichever occurs earlier. 
 
 Operating Portfolio means all buildings that were acquired stabilized or have achieved Stabilization. The Operating Portfolio excludes non-core flex/office buildings, buildings contained in the Value Add Portfolio, and buildings classified as held for sale. 
 
 Renewal Lease means a lease signed by an existing tenant to extend the term for 12 months or more, including (i) a renewal of the same space as the current lease at lease expiration, (ii) a renewal of only a portion of the current space at lease expiration, or (iii) an early renewal or workout, which ultimately does extend the original term for 12 months or more. 
 
 SL Rent Change means the percentage change in the average monthly base rent over the term of the lease that commenced during the period compared to the Comparable Lease for assets included in the Operating Portfolio. Rent under gross or similar type leases are converted to a net rent based on an estimate of the applicable recoverable expenses, and this calculation excludes the impact of any holdover rent. 
 
 Stabilization for properties under development or being redeveloped means the earlier of achieving 90 occupancy or 12 months after completion. With respect to properties acquired and immediately added to the Value Add Portfolio, (i) if acquired with less than 75 occupancy as of the acquisition date, Stabilization will occur upon the earlier of achieving 90 occupancy or 12 months from the acquisition date; or (ii) if acquired and will be less than 75 occupied due to known move-outs within two years of the acquisition date, Stabilization will occur upon the earlier of achieving 90 occupancy after the known move-outs have occurred or 12 months after the known move-outs have occurred. 
 
 Total annualized base rental revenue means the contractual monthly base rent as of September 30, 2024 (which differs from rent calculated in accordance with GAAP) multiplied by 12. If a tenant is in a free rent period as of September 30, 2024, the total annualized base rental revenue is calculated based on the first contractual monthly base rent amount multiplied by 12. 
 
 Value Add Portfolio means our properties that meet any of the following criteria: (i) less than 75 occupied as of the acquisition date (ii) will be less than 75 occupied due to known move-outs within two years of the acquisition date; (iii) out of service with significant physical renovation of the asset; or (iv) development. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Weighted Average Lease Term means the contractual lease term in years, assuming that tenants exercise no renewal options, purchase options, or early termination rights, weighted by square footage. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a REIT focused on the acquisition, ownership, and operation of industrial properties throughout the United States. Our platform is designed to (i) identify properties for acquisition that offer relative value across CBRE-EA Tier 1 industrial property types and tenants through the principled application of our proprietary risk assessment model, (ii) provide growth through sophisticated industrial operation and an attractive opportunity set, and (iii) capitalize our business appropriately given the characteristics of our assets. We are a Maryland corporation and our common stock is publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol STAG. 
 
 We are organized and conduct our operations to maintain our qualification as a REIT under Sections 856 through 860 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and generally are not subject to federal income tax to the extent we currently distribute our income to our stockholders and maintain our qualification as a REIT. We remain subject to state and local taxes on our income and property and to U.S. federal income and excise taxes on our undistributed income. 
 
 Factors That May Influence Future Results of Operations 
 
 Our ability to increase revenues or cash flow will depend in part on our (i) external growth, specifically acquisition activity, and (ii) internal growth, specifically occupancy and rental rates on our portfolio. A variety of other factors, including those noted below, also affect our future results of operations. 
 
 Outlook 
 
 The industrial real estate business is affected by general macro-economic trends including recent changes in interest rates, inflation, and geopolitical tensions. These factors are key drivers of financial market volatility and raise concerns about a slowing global economy. While U.S. gross domestic product GDP declined during the first two quarters of 2022, real GDP has increased for eight consecutive quarters with the most recent measure showing 3.0 growth in the second quarter of 2024. Labor conditions are slowing, but holding solid with a 4.1 unemployment rate as of September 2024. Going forward, the general consensus among economists is to expect low growth in the United States with a continued historically elevated risk of recession. While the macro-economic conditions continue to evolve and could result in tighter credit conditions, weakening tenant cash flows, and rising vacancy rates, we believe we will continue to benefit from having a well-diversified portfolio across various markets, tenant industries, and lease terms. Additionally, we believe that recent moves toward more regional supply chains and geopolitical tensions have accelerated a number of trends that positively impact U.S. industrial demand. However, given the current uncertainty and events discussed above, our acquisition activity slowed since 2022 relative to our historical acquisition pace. 
 
 We believe that the current economic environment, while volatile, will provide us with an opportunity to demonstrate the diversification of our portfolio. Specifically, we believe our existing portfolio should benefit from competitive rental rates and strong occupancy. In addition to our diversified portfolio, we believe that certain characteristics of our business and capital structure should position us well in an uncertain environment, including our minimal floating rate debt exposure (taking into account our hedging activities), strong banking relationships, strong liquidity, access to capital, and the fact that many of our competitors for the assets we purchase tend to be smaller local and regional investors who may have been more heavily impacted by rising interest rates and lack of available capital. 
 
 Due to demographic/consumer trends, geopolitical uncertainty and recent legislation supporting U.S. infrastructure, we expect acceleration in a number of industrial specific trends to support stronger long term demand, including: 
 
 the continued growth of e-commerce (as compared to the traditional retail store distribution model) and the concomitant demand by e-commerce industry participants for well-located, functional distribution space; 
 the increasing attractiveness of the United States as a manufacturing and distribution location because of the size of the U.S. consumer market, an increase in overseas labor costs, a desire for greater supply chain resilience and redundancy which is driving higher inventory to sales ratios and greater domestic warehouse demand over the long term (i.e. the shortening and fattening of the supply chain); and 
 the overall quality of the transportation infrastructure in the United States. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Our portfolio continues to have strong occupancy and benefits from geographic diversity throughout the national industrial market. Demand across the industrial market is moderating relative to recent peaks. Vacancy and availability rates, while rising, remain low by historical standards in many markets. The supply pipeline remains robust, albeit smaller and more notably concentrated in very large warehouses. Construction starts continue to decline as a result of both moderating demand and volatile capital markets. The weakening global and U.S. economic trends could be a notable headwind and may potentially result in relatively less demand for space, increased credit loss, and higher vacancy. We believe that the diversification of our portfolio by market, tenant industry, and tenant credit will prove to be a strength in this environment. 
 
 On October 22, 2024, one of our tenants, American Tire Distributors, Inc. ATD ), that accounts for approximately 1 of our total annualized base rental revenue as of September 30, 2024, voluntarily filed for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. ATD leases seven buildings from us totaling 840,658 square feet. Annualized base rental revenue for the seven buildings is approximately 6.1 million as of September 24, 2024. ATD s bankruptcy filings indicated an intent to continue operations and pursue an orderly sale of its assets either to its current lender group or to a third party. The contemplated transaction would also eliminate a significant amount of debt and provide access to new capital. ATD is current on its rent obligations to us. While the reorganization may not be successful and pursuant to the reorganization ATD could affirm or reject any or all of the seven leases, we do not currently believe that the tenant s bankruptcy is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition. 
 
 Conditions in Our Markets 
 
 The buildings in our portfolio are located in markets throughout the United States. Positive or negative changes in economic or other conditions, new supply, adverse weather conditions, natural disasters, epidemics, and other factors in these markets may affect our overall performance. 
 
 Rental Income 
 
 We receive income primarily in the form of rental income from the tenants who occupy our buildings. The amount of rental income generated by the buildings in our portfolio depends principally on occupancy and rental rates. 
 
 Future economic downturns or regional downturns affecting our submarkets that impair our ability to renew or re-lease space and the ability of our tenants to fulfill their lease commitments, as in the case of tenant bankruptcies, could adversely affect our ability to maintain or increase rental rates at our buildings. Our ability to lease our properties and the attendant rental rate is dependent upon, among other things, (i) the overall economy, (ii) the supply/demand dynamic in our markets, (iii) the quality of our properties, including age, clear height, and configuration, and (iv) our tenants ability to meet their contractual obligations to us. 
 
 The following table summarizes the Operating Portfolio leases that commenced during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Any rental concessions in such leases are accounted for on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. 
 
 Operating Portfolio Square Feet Cash Basis Rent Per Square Foot SL Rent Per Square Foot Total Costs Per Square Foot (1) 
 Cash Rent Change SL Rent Change Weighted Average Lease Term (years) 
 Rental Concessions per Square Foot (2) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 New Leases 1,294,282 5.46 5.47 1.44 22.1 27.4 3.8 0.82 Renewal Leases 2,009,016 6.61 7.02 1.45 26.0 38.0 4.4 0.09 Total/weighted average 3,303,298 6.16 6.41 1.45 24.6 34.3 4.2 0.38 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 New Leases 2,582,265 5.66 5.81 1.96 23.4 32.2 4.5 0.95 Renewal Leases 8,536,341 6.12 6.47 1.28 32.8 46.9 4.6 0.16 Total/weighted average 11,118,606 6.01 6.32 1.43 30.6 43.5 4.6 0.34 
 (1) Total Costs means the costs for improvements of vacant and renewal spaces, as well as the contingent-based legal fees and commissions for leasing transactions. Total Costs per square foot represent the total costs expected to be incurred on the leases that commenced during the period and do not reflect actual expenditures for the period. 
 (2) Represents the total rental concessions for the entire lease term. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, leases related to the Value Add Portfolio and first generation leasing, with a total of 11,660 and 402,432 square feet, respectively, are excluded from the Operating Portfolio statistics above. 
 
 Property Operating Expenses 
 
 Our property operating expenses generally consist of utilities, real estate taxes, management fees, insurance, and site repair and maintenance costs. For the majority of our tenants, our property operating expenses are controlled, in part, by the triple net provisions in tenant leases. In our triple net leases, the tenant is responsible for all aspects of and costs related to the building and its operation during the lease term, including utilities, taxes, insurance, and maintenance costs, but typically excluding roof and building structure. However, we also have modified gross leases and gross leases, as well as leases with expense caps, in our building portfolio, which may require us to absorb certain building related expenses of our tenants. In our modified gross leases, we are responsible for certain building related expenses during the lease term, but most of the expenses are passed through to the tenant for reimbursement to us. In our gross leases, we are responsible for all expenses related to the building and its operation during the lease term. Our overall performance will be affected by the extent to which we are able to pass-through property operating expenses to our tenants. 
 
 Scheduled Lease Expirations 
 
 Our ability to re-lease space subject to expiring leases will impact our results of operations and is affected by economic and competitive conditions in our markets and by the desirability of our individual buildings. Leases that comprise approximately 7.3 of our total annualized base rental revenue will expire during the period from October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025, excluding month-to-month leases. We assume, based upon internal renewal probability estimates, that some of our tenants will renew and others will vacate and the associated space will be re-let subject to downtime assumptions. Using the aforementioned assumptions, we expect that the rental rates on the respective new leases will be greater than the rates under existing leases expiring during the period October 1, 2024 to September 30, 2025, thereby resulting in an increase in revenue from the same space. 
 
 The following table summarizes lease expirations for leases in place as of September 30, 2024, plus available space, for each of the ten calendar years beginning with 2024 and thereafter in our portfolio. The information in the table assumes that tenants do not exercise renewal options or early termination rights. 
 
 Lease Expiration Year Number of Leases Expiring Total Rentable Square Feet Percentage of Total Occupied Square Feet Total Annualized Base Rental Revenue (in thousands) Percentage of Total Annualized Base Rental Revenue Available 3,280,559 Month-to-month leases 2 130,009 0.1 974 0.2 Remainder of 2024 (1) 
 8 962,742 0.9 5,385 0.9 2025 86 10,423,580 9.4 52,364 8.5 2026 141 19,716,509 17.7 108,198 17.7 2027 128 16,974,315 15.3 91,838 15.0 2028 103 12,948,104 11.6 71,630 11.7 2029 101 15,893,363 14.3 88,190 14.4 2030 51 8,190,091 7.4 48,254 7.9 2031 53 9,613,271 8.6 49,109 8.0 2032 23 3,387,205 3.0 23,639 3.9 2033 17 2,407,266 2.2 14,680 2.4 Thereafter 41 10,579,395 9.5 57,917 9.4 Total 754 114,506,409 100.0 612,178 100.0 
 (1) Leases previously scheduled to expire in 2024, totaling approximately 13.0 million square feet, have been executed as of September 30, 2024. These leases are excluded from 2024 expirations and are reflected in the new year of expiration. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Portfolio Acquisitions 
 
 The following table summarizes our acquisitions during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Market (1) 
 Date Acquired Square Feet Number of Buildings Purchase Price (in thousands) Cincinnati, OH March 18, 2024 697,500 1 50,073 Three months ended March 31, 2024 697,500 1 50,073 Milwaukee, WI April 8, 2024 150,002 1 16,062 Portland, OR April 15, 2024 99,136 1 17,058 Louisville, IN April 16, 2024 592,800 1 52,352 Portland, OR (2) 
 June 6, 2024 8,178 El Paso, TX June 10, 2024 254,103 1 32,182 Chicago, IL June 24, 2024 947,436 5 87,560 Columbus, OH June 26, 2024 150,207 1 20,408 Three months ended June 30, 2024 2,193,684 10 233,800 Reno, NV (2) 
 July 25, 2024 1,896 Reno, NV (3) 
 August 8, 2024 8,959 LaGrange, GA September 9, 2024 323,368 1 34,870 Boston, MA September 12, 2024 290,471 5 78,127 Three months ended September 30, 2024 613,839 6 123,852 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 3,505,023 17 407,725 
 (1) As defined by CBRE-EA industrial market geographies. If the building is located outside of a CBRE-EA defined market, the city and state is reflected. 
 (2) We acquired a vacant land parcel. 
 (3) We acquired a vacant land parcel through a consolidated joint venture. 
 
 On August 8, 2024, we formed a joint venture with a third party that is primarily engaged in the development and operation of an industrial real estate property located in Reno, Nevada. At September 30, 2024, we held a 95 interest and the third party held the remaining 5 interest in the joint venture. 
 Portfolio Dispositions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we sold eight buildings comprised of approximately 1.3 million rentable square feet with a net book value of approximately 74.4 million to third parties. Net proceeds from the sales of rental property were approximately 97.7 million and we recognized the full gain on the sales of rental property, net, of approximately 23.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The gain on the sales of rental property, net, is inclusive of a loss on the sale of rental property, net, of approximately 2.0 million. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Top Markets 
 
 The following table summarizes information about the 20 largest markets in our portfolio based on total annualized base rental revenue as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Top 20 Markets (1) 
 of Total Annualized Base Rental Revenue Chicago, IL 7.4 Greenville, SC 5.1 Pittsburgh, PA 4.1 Detroit, MI 4.0 Columbus, OH 3.9 Minneapolis, MN 3.5 South Central, PA 3.1 Philadelphia, PA 3.0 Boston, MA 2.8 El Paso, TX 2.6 Milwaukee, WI 2.3 Houston, TX 2.1 Charlotte, NC 2.0 Indianapolis, IN 2.0 Sacramento, CA 1.9 Cincinnati, OH 1.8 Cleveland, OH 1.8 Kansas City, MO 1.7 Columbia, SC 1.4 Grand Rapids, MI 1.4 Total 57.9 
 (1) Market classification based on CBRE-EA industrial market geographies. 
 
 Top Industries 
 
 The following table summarizes information about the 20 largest tenant industries in our portfolio based on total annualized base rental revenue as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Top 20 Tenant Industries (1) 
 of Total Annualized Base Rental Revenue Air Freight Logistics 11.3 Containers Packaging 8.2 Automobile Components 6.5 Machinery 6.3 Commercial Services Supplies 5.6 Trading Companies Distribution (Industrial Goods) 5.3 Distributors (Consumer Goods) 4.7 Building Products 4.4 Consumer Staples Distribution 3.8 Broadline Retail 3.8 Household Durables 3.2 Media 3.0 Specialty Retail 2.7 Beverages 2.6 Chemicals 2.0 Ground Transportation 1.9 Food Products 1.8 Electronic Equip, Instruments 1.8 Electrical Equipment 1.7 Leisure Products 1.5 Total 82.1 
 (1) Industry classification based on Global Industry Classification Standard methodology. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Top Tenants 
 
 The following table summarizes information about the 20 largest tenants in our portfolio based on total annualized base rental revenue as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Top 20 Tenants (1) 
 Number of Leases of Total Annualized Base Rental Revenue Amazon 7 3.0 American Tire Distributors, Inc. 7 1.0 Soho Studio, LLC 1 0.9 Schneider Electric USA, Inc. 4 0.9 Tempur Sealy International, Inc. 2 0.8 The Coca-Cola Company 3 0.7 Iron Mountain Information Management 6 0.7 Hachette Book Group, Inc. 1 0.7 Penguin Random House, LLC 1 0.7 Kenco Logistic Services, LLC 3 0.7 FedEx Corporation 4 0.7 Penske Truck Leasing Co. LP 3 0.7 WestRock Company 6 0.7 Lippert Component Manufacturing 4 0.7 DHL Supply Chain 4 0.6 GXO Logistics, Inc. 2 0.6 DS Smith North America 2 0.6 Carolina Beverage Group 3 0.6 AFL Telecommunications LLC 2 0.6 Packaging Corp of America 5 0.6 Total 70 16.5 
 (1) Includes tenants, guarantors, and/or non-guarantor parents. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 See Critical Accounting Policies in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for a discussion of our critical accounting policies and estimates. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion of the results of our same store (as defined below) net operating income NOI should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements included in this report. For a detailed discussion of NOI, including the reasons management believes NOI is useful to investors, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. Same store results are considered to be useful to investors in evaluating our performance because they provide information relating to changes in building-level operating performance without taking into account the effects of acquisitions or dispositions. We encourage the reader to not only look at our same store results, but also our total portfolio results, due to historic and future growth. 
 
 We define same store properties as properties that were in the Operating Portfolio for the entirety of the comparative periods presented. The results for same store properties exclude termination fees, solar income, and other income adjustments. Same store properties exclude Operating Portfolio properties with expansions placed into service after January 1, 2023. On September 30, 2024, we owned 539 industrial buildings consisting of approximately 107.2 million square feet and representing approximately 93.7 of our total portfolio, that are considered our same store portfolio in the analysis below. Same store occupancy decreased approximately 0.2 to 97.7 as of September 30, 2024 compared to 97.9 as of September 30, 2023. 
 
 Comparison of the three months ended September 30, 2024 to the three months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 The following table summarizes selected operating information for our same store portfolio and our total portfolio for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands). This table includes a reconciliation from our same store portfolio to our total portfolio by also providing information for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 with respect to the buildings acquired and sold after January 1, 2023, Operating Portfolio buildings with expansions placed into service or transferred from the Value Add Portfolio to the Operating Portfolio after January 1, 2023, flex/office buildings, Value Add buildings, and buildings classified as held for sale. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Same Store Portfolio Acquisitions/Dispositions Other Total Portfolio Three months ended September 30, Change Three months ended September 30, Three months ended September 30, Three months ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Operating revenue Rental income 175,563 170,817 4,746 2.8 9,789 3,653 4,934 3,388 190,286 177,858 12,428 7.0 Other income 113 37 76 205.4 29 397 311 989 453 1,423 (970) (68.2) Total operating revenue 175,676 170,854 4,822 2.8 9,818 4,050 5,245 4,377 190,739 179,281 11,458 6.4 Expenses Property 34,799 33,271 1,528 4.6 2,445 620 771 538 38,015 34,429 3,586 10.4 Net operating income (1) 
 140,877 137,583 3,294 2.4 7,373 3,430 4,474 3,839 152,724 144,852 7,872 5.4 Other expenses General and administrative 11,978 11,097 881 7.9 Depreciation and amortization 72,506 69,761 2,745 3.9 Other expenses 545 773 (228) (29.5) Total other expenses 85,029 81,631 3,398 4.2 Total expenses 123,044 116,060 6,984 6.0 Other income (expense) Interest and other income 14 17 (3) (17.6) Interest expense (28,705) (23,753) (4,952) 20.8 Debt extinguishment and modification expenses (36) (36) 100.0 Gain on involuntary conversion 3,568 3,568 100.0 Gain on the sales of rental property, net 195 11,683 (11,488) (98.3) Total other income (expense) (24,964) (12,053) (12,911) 107.1 Net income 42,731 51,168 (8,437) (16.5) 
 (1) For a detailed discussion of NOI, including the reasons management believes NOI is useful to investors, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Net Income 
 
 Net income for our total portfolio decreased by approximately 8.4 million, or 16.5 , to approximately 42.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 51.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Same Store Total Operating Revenue 
 
 Same store total operating revenue consists primarily of rental income from (i) fixed lease payments, variable lease payments, straight-line rental income, and above and below market lease amortization from our properties lease income ), and (ii) other tenant billings for insurance, real estate taxes and certain other expenses other billings ). 
 
 For a detailed reconciliation of our same store total operating revenue to net income, see the table above. 
 
 Same store rental income, which includes lease income and other billings as discussed below, increased by approximately 4.7 million, or 2.8 , to approximately 175.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 170.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Same store lease income increased by approximately 4.4 million, or 3.2 , to approximately 143.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 138.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to the execution of new leases and lease renewals with existing tenants of approximately 8.0 million. This increase was partially offset by the reduction of base rent of approximately 2.0 million due to tenant vacancies and a net increase in the amortization of net above market leases of approximately 0.2 million. Additionally, there was a decrease in same store lease income which was primarily attributable to management s evaluation of operating leases to determine the probability of collecting substantially all of the lessee s remaining lease payments under the lease term. For those that are not probable of collection, we convert to the cash basis of accounting. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, management determined certain tenants should be converted from the accrual basis of accounting to the cash basis of accounting, which accounts for approximately 0.3 million of the decrease during the three months September 30, 2024 as compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, management determined one tenant should be converted from the cash basis of accounting back to the accrual basis of accounting, for which approximately 1.1 million of straight-line rental income was recognized during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Same store other billings increased by approximately 0.4 million, or 1.3 , to approximately 32.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 31.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in other billings was primarily attributable to an increase in real estate tax reimbursements of approximately 1.3 million due to an increase in real estate taxes levied by the taxing authority for certain tenants for which we pay the real estate taxes on their behalf and occupancy of previously vacant buildings. Additionally, the increase was offset by a decrease of approximately 0.9 million of other expense reimbursements due to a decrease in the corresponding expenses and vacancy of previously occupied buildings. 
 
 Same Store Operating Expenses 
 
 Same store operating expenses consist primarily of property operating expenses and real estate taxes and insurance. 
 
 For a detailed reconciliation of our same store operating expenses to net income, see the table above. 
 Total same store property operating expenses increased by approximately 1.5 million, or 4.6 , to approximately 34.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 33.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily due to increases in real estate tax, other expenses and insurance expense of approximately 1.8 million, 0.3 million and 0.2 million, respectively. These increases were partially offset by decreases to repairs and maintenance and utility expenses of approximately 0.7 million and 0.1 million, respectively. 
 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions Net Operating Income 
 
 For a detailed reconciliation of our acquisitions and dispositions NOI to net income, see the table above. 
 
 Subsequent to January 1, 2023, we acquired 26 buildings consisting of approximately 4.5 million square feet (excluding seven buildings that were included in the Value Add Portfolio at September 30, 2024, or sold or transferred from the Value Add 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Portfolio to the Operating Portfolio after January 1, 2023), and sold 18 buildings consisting of approximately 3.3 million square feet. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the buildings acquired after January 1, 2023 contributed approximately 7.6 million and 1.3 million to NOI, respectively. For the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the buildings sold after January 1, 2023 contributed approximately (0.2) million and 2.1 million to NOI, respectively. Refer to Note 3 in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding buildings acquired or sold. 
 
 Other Net Operating Income 
 
 Other assets include our flex/office buildings, Value Add Portfolio, buildings classified as held for sale, and Operating Portfolio buildings with expansions placed in service or transferred from the Value Add Portfolio to the Operating Portfolio after January 1, 2023. Other NOI also includes termination, solar, and other income adjustments from buildings in our same store portfolio. 
 
 For a detailed reconciliation of our other NOI to net income, see the table above. 
 
 These buildings contributed approximately 3.7 million and 2.5 million to NOI for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Additionally, there was approximately 0.8 million and 1.3 million of termination, solar, and other income adjustments from certain buildings in our same store portfolio for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Total Other Expenses 
 
 Total other expenses consist of general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortization, and other expenses. 
 
 Total other expenses increased approximately 3.4 million, or 4.2 , to approximately 85.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 81.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in depreciation and amortization expense of approximately 2.7 million due to an increase in the depreciable asset base from net acquisitions after September 30, 2023. Additionally, general and administrative expenses increased by approximately 0.9 million primarily due to increases in compensation and other payroll costs. These increases were partially offset by a decrease of approximately 0.2 million in other expenses due to a decrease in state income taxes for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Total Other Income (Expense) 
 
 Total other income (expense) consists of interest and other income, interest expense, debt extinguishment and modification expenses, gain on involuntary conversion, and gain on the sales of rental property, net. Interest expense includes interest incurred during the period as well as adjustments related to amortization of financing fees and debt issuance costs, and amortization of fair market value adjustments associated with the assumption of debt. 
 
 Total other expense increased approximately 12.9 million, or 107.1 , to approximately 25.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 12.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily attributable to an decrease in the gain on the sales of rental property, net of approximately 11.5 million. This increase was also attributable to an increase in interest expense of approximately 5.0 million which was primarily attributable to the issuance of 450.0 million of unsecured notes on May 28, 2024, as discussed in Note 4 of the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. These increases were partially offset by a gain on involuntary conversion of approximately 3.6 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024, as discussed in Note 3 of the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, that did not occur during the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 The following table summarizes selected operating information for our same store portfolio and our total portfolio for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (dollars in thousands). This table includes a reconciliation from our same store portfolio to our total portfolio by also providing information for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 with respect to the buildings acquired and disposed of and Operating Portfolio buildings with expansions placed into service or transferred from the Value Add Portfolio to the Operating Portfolio after January 1, 2023, Operating Portfolio buildings with expansions placed into service or transferred from the Value Add Portfolio to the Operating Portfolio after January 1, 2023, flex/office buildings, Value Add buildings, and buildings classified as held for sale. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 Same Store Portfolio Acquisitions/Dispositions Other Total Portfolio Nine months ended September 30, Change Nine months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Change 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Operating revenue Rental income 526,404 503,100 23,304 4.6 21,219 11,364 16,532 8,101 564,155 522,565 41,590 8.0 Other income 138 233 (95) (40.8) 297 515 3,469 1,215 3,904 1,963 1,941 98.9 Total operating revenue 526,542 503,333 23,209 4.6 21,516 11,879 20,001 9,316 568,059 524,528 43,531 8.3 Expenses Property 105,074 99,736 5,338 5.4 5,167 1,904 4,323 1,345 114,564 102,985 11,579 11.2 Net operating income (1) 
 421,468 403,597 17,871 4.4 16,349 9,975 15,678 7,971 453,495 421,543 31,952 7.6 Other expenses General and administrative 36,758 35,833 925 2.6 Depreciation and amortization 219,213 207,199 12,014 5.8 Loss on impairment 4,967 4,967 100.0 Other expenses 1,703 4,109 (2,406) (58.6) Total other expenses 262,641 247,141 15,500 6.3 Total expenses 377,205 350,126 27,079 7.7 Other income (expense) Interest and other income 39 53 (14) (26.4) Interest expense (81,498) (69,225) (12,273) 17.7 Debt extinguishment and modification expenses (703) (703) 100.0 Gain on involuntary conversion 9,285 9,285 100.0 Gain on the sales of rental property, net 23,281 49,343 (26,062) (52.8) Total other income (expense) (49,596) (19,829) (29,767) 150.1 Net income 141,258 154,573 (13,315) (8.6) 
 (1) For a detailed discussion of NOI, including the reasons management believes NOI is useful to investors, see Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. 

35 

Table of Contents 

 Net Income 
 
 Net income for our total portfolio decreased by 13.3 million, or 8.6 , to 141.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 154.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Same Store Total Operating Revenue 
 
 Same store total operating revenue consists primarily of rental income consisting of (i) fixed lease payments, variable lease payments, straight-line rental income, and above and below market lease amortization from our properties lease income ), and (ii) other tenant billings for insurance, real estate taxes and certain other expenses other billings ). 
 
 For a detailed reconciliation of our same store total operating revenue to net income, see the table above. 
 
 Same store rental income, which is comprised of lease income and other billings as discussed below, increased by approximately 23.3 million, or 4.6 , to approximately 526.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 503.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Same store lease income increased by approximately 16.9 million, or 4.1 , to approximately 427.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 410.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in rental income of approximately 24.3 million from the execution of new leases and lease renewals with existing tenants. This increase was partially offset by the reduction of base rent of approximately 4.7 million due to tenant vacancies, and a net increase in the amortization of net above market leases of approximately 0.7 million. Additionally, there was a decrease in same store lease income of approximately 2.0 million which was primarily attributable to management s evaluation of operating leases to determine the probability of collecting substantially all of the lessee s remaining lease payments under the lease term. For those that are not probable of collection, we convert to the cash basis of accounting. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, management determined certain tenants should be converted from the accrual basis of accounting to the cash basis of accounting, which accounts for approximately 0.6 million of the decrease during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, management converted two tenants from the cash basis of accounting back to the accrual basis of accounting during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, for which approximately 1.4 million of straight-line accrued rental balance was reinstated. 
 
 Same store other billings increased by approximately 6.4 million, or 6.9 , to approximately 99.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 92.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was attributable to an increase of approximately 3.5 million in other expense reimbursements which was primarily due to an increase in corresponding expenses. The increase was also attributable to an increase of approximately 2.9 million of real estate tax reimbursements due to an increase in real estate taxes levied by the taxing authority for certain tenants for which we pay the real estate taxes on their behalf, changes to lease terms where we began paying the real estate taxes on behalf of tenants that had previously paid the taxes directly to the taxing authorities, and occupancy of previously vacant buildings. 
 
 Same Store Operating Expenses 
 
 Same store operating expenses consist primarily of property operating expenses and real estate taxes and insurance. 
 
 For a detailed reconciliation of our same store operating expenses to net income, see the table above. 
 
 Total same store operating expenses increased by approximately 5.3 million or 5.4 to approximately 105.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 99.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was due to increases in real estate tax, other expenses, insurance, and snow removal of approximately 3.6 million, 1.3 million, 0.8 million, and 0.4 million, respectively. These increases were partially offset by a reduction of repairs and maintenance and utility expense of approximately 0.4 million and 0.3 million, respectively. 
 
 Acquisitions and Dispositions Net Operating Income 
 
 For a detailed reconciliation of our acquisitions and dispositions NOI to net income, see the table above. 
 
 Subsequent to January 1, 2023, we acquired 26 buildings consisting of approximately 4.5 million square feet (excluding seven buildings that were included in the Value Add Portfolio at September 30, 2024, or sold or transferred from the Value Add 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Portfolio to the Operating Portfolio after January 1, 2023), and sold 18 buildings consisting of approximately 3.3 million square feet. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the buildings acquired after January 1, 2023 contributed approximately 16.6 million and 1.6 million to NOI, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the buildings sold after January 1, 2023 contributed approximately (0.3) million and 8.4 million to NOI, respectively. Refer to Note 3 in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion regarding buildings acquired or sold. 
 
 Other Net Operating Income 
 
 Our other assets include our flex/office buildings, Value Add Portfolio, buildings classified as held for sale, and Operating Portfolio buildings with expansions placed in service or transferred from the Value Add Portfolio to the Operating Portfolio after January 1, 2023. Other NOI also includes termination, solar, and other income adjustments from buildings in our same store portfolio. 
 
 For a detailed reconciliation of our other NOI to net income, see the table above. 
 
 These buildings contributed approximately 11.4 million and 5.4 million to NOI for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Additionally, there was approximately 4.3 million and 2.6 million of termination, solar, and other income adjustments from certain buildings in our same store portfolio for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Total Other Expenses 
 
 Total other expenses consist of general and administrative expenses, depreciation and amortization, loss on impairment, and other expenses. 
 
 Total other expenses increased approximately 15.5 million, or 6.3 , to approximately 262.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 247.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to an increase in depreciation and amortization expense of approximately 12.0 million due to an increase in the depreciable asset base from net acquisitions after September 30, 2023. Additionally, a loss on impairment of approximately 5.0 million was recognized during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as discussed in Note 3 of the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, that did not occur during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, general and administrative expenses increased by approximately 0.9 million primarily due to increases in compensation and other payroll costs. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in other expenses of approximately 2.4 million, which was primarily attributed to the relinquishment of an acquisition deposit of approximately 2.5 million related to the termination of an acquisition contract during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 that did not recur during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Total Other Income (Expense) 
 
 Total other income (expense) consists of interest and other income, interest expense, debt extinguishment and modification expenses, gain on involuntary conversion, and gain on the sales of rental property, net. Interest expense includes interest incurred during the period as well as adjustments related to amortization of financing fees and debt issuance costs, and amortization of fair market value adjustments associated with the assumption of debt. 
 
 Total other expense increased approximately 29.8 million, or 150.1 , to approximately 49.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 19.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily a result of a decrease in the gain on the sales of rental property, net of approximately 26.1 million. This increase was also attributable to an increase in interest expense of approximately 12.3 million which was primarily attributable to the issuance of 450.0 million of unsecured notes on May 28, 2024, as discussed in Note 4 of the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, and an increase in one-month Term Secured Overnight Financing Rate Term SOFR for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was also attributable to an increase in debt extinguishment and modification expenses of approximately 0.7 million related to the unsecured term loan amendment and the 2024 Credit Agreement (as defined below) amendment during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as discussed in Note 4 of the accompany Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. These increases were partially offset by an increase in gain on involuntary conversion of approximately 9.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as discussed in Note 3 of the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, that did not occur during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 In this report, we disclose funds from operations FFO and NOI, which meet the definition of non-GAAP financial measures as set forth in Item 10(e) of Regulation S-K promulgated by the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ). As a result, we are required to include in this report a statement of why management believes that presentation of these measures provides useful information to investors. 
 
 Funds From Operations 
 
 FFO should not be considered as an alternative to net income (determined in accordance with GAAP) as an indication of our performance, and we believe that to understand our performance further, FFO should be compared with our reported net income (loss) in accordance with GAAP, as presented in our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 
 
 We calculate FFO in accordance with the standards established by the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Nareit ). FFO represents GAAP net income (loss), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable operating buildings, land sales, impairment write-downs of depreciable real estate, real estate related depreciation and amortization (excluding amortization of deferred financing costs and fair market value of debt adjustment) and after adjustments for unconsolidated partnerships and joint ventures. 
 
 Management uses FFO as a supplemental performance measure because it is a widely recognized measure of the performance of REITs. FFO may be used by investors as a basis to compare our operating performance with that of other REITs. 
 
 However, because FFO excludes depreciation and amortization and captures neither the changes in the value of our buildings that result from use or market conditions nor the level of capital expenditures and leasing commissions necessary to maintain the operating performance of our buildings, all of which have real economic effects and could materially impact our results from operations, the utility of FFO as a measure of our performance is limited. In addition, other REITs may not calculate FFO in accordance with the Nareit definition, and, accordingly, our FFO may not be comparable to such other REITs FFO. FFO should not be used as a measure of our liquidity, and is not indicative of funds available for our cash needs, including our ability to pay dividends. 
 
 The following table sets forth a reconciliation of our FFO attributable to common stockholders and unit holders for the periods presented to net income, the nearest GAAP equivalent. 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Reconciliation of Net Income to FFO (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 42,731 51,168 141,258 154,573 Rental property depreciation and amortization 72,421 69,701 219,002 207,029 Loss on impairment 4,967 Gain on the sales of rental property, net (195) (11,683) (23,281) (49,343) FFO 114,957 109,186 341,946 312,259 Amount allocated to restricted shares of common stock and unvested units (130) (132) (415) (423) FFO attributable to common stockholders and unit holders 114,827 109,054 341,531 311,836 
 
 Net Operating Income 
 
 We consider NOI to be an appropriate supplemental performance measure to net income (loss) because we believe it helps investors and management understand the core operations of our buildings. NOI is defined as rental income, which includes billings for common area maintenance, real estate taxes and insurance, less property expenses, real estate tax expense and insurance expense. NOI should not be viewed as an alternative measure of our financial performance since it excludes expenses which could materially impact our results of operations. Further, our NOI may not be comparable to that of other real estate companies, as they may use different methodologies for calculating NOI. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth a reconciliation of our NOI for the periods presented to net income, the nearest GAAP equivalent. 
 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, Reconciliation of Net Income to NOI (in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 42,731 51,168 141,258 154,573 General and administrative 11,978 11,097 36,758 35,833 Depreciation and amortization 72,506 69,761 219,213 207,199 Interest and other income (14) (17) (39) (53) Interest expense 28,705 23,753 81,498 69,225 Loss on impairment 4,967 Gain on involuntary conversion (3,568) (9,285) Debt extinguishment and modification expenses 36 703 Other expenses 545 773 1,703 4,109 Gain on the sales of rental property, net (195) (11,683) (23,281) (49,343) Net operating income 152,724 144,852 453,495 421,543 

Cash Flows 
 
 Comparison of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 
 The following table summarizes our cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, Change Cash Flows (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 Net cash provided by operating activities 355,363 299,506 55,857 18.6 Net cash used in investing activities 390,521 233,153 157,368 67.5 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 84,434 (81,112) 165,546 204.1 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased approximately 55.9 million to approximately 355.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 299.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to incremental operating cash flows from property acquisitions completed after September 30, 2023, and operating performance at existing properties. These increases were partially offset by the loss of cash flows from property dispositions completed after September 30, 2023 and fluctuations in working capital due to timing of payments and rental receipts. 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased approximately 157.4 million to approximately 390.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 233.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to the acquisition of 17 buildings and three parcels of land for a total cash consideration of approximately 404.9 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, whereas there were 14 buildings and two land parcels acquired for a total cash consideration of approximately 254.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, there was an increase in cash paid for additions of land and buildings and improvements related to development and other capital expenditures of approximately 5.2 million, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These increases were partially offset by an increase in proceeds from sales of rental property, net of approximately 0.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, as compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities increased approximately 165.5 million to approximately 84.4 million net cash provided by financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to approximately 81.1 million net cash used in financing activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. This increase was primarily attributable to the issuance of 450.0 million of unsecured notes on May 28, 2024, as discussed in Note 4 in the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. The increase was also attributable to the redemption of 100.0 million of unsecured notes on January 5, 2023 that did not occur during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. These increases were partially offset by a decrease in net borrowings of approximately 296.0 million under our unsecured credit facility, an increase of approximately 6.7 million in dividends and distributions paid, and a decrease of approximately 70.0 million due to a reduction of proceeds from the sales of common stock during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Additionally, there was an increase of approximately 12.1 million in payments of loan fees and costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, which 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 was primarily attributable to the 2024 Credit Agreement (as defined below) that was entered into on September 10, 2024, as discussed in Note 4 to the accompanying Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We believe that our liquidity needs will be satisfied through cash flows generated by operations, disposition proceeds, and financing activities. Operating cash flow from rental income, expense recoveries from tenants, and other income from operations is our principal source of funds to pay operating expenses, debt service, recurring capital expenditures, and the distributions required to maintain our REIT qualification. We primarily rely on the capital markets (equity and debt securities) to fund our acquisition activity. We seek to increase cash flows from our properties by maintaining quality building standards that promote high occupancy rates and permit increases in rental rates, while reducing tenant turnover and controlling operating expenses. We believe that our revenue, together with proceeds from building sales and equity and debt financings, will continue to provide funds for our short-term and medium-term liquidity needs. 
 
 Our short-term liquidity requirements consist primarily of funds necessary to pay for operating expenses and other expenditures directly associated with our buildings, including interest expense, interest rate swap payments, scheduled principal payments on outstanding indebtedness, property acquisitions under contract, general and administrative expenses, and capital expenditures including development projects, tenant improvements and leasing commissions. 
 
 Our long-term liquidity needs, in addition to recurring short-term liquidity needs as discussed above, consist primarily of funds necessary to pay for property acquisitions and scheduled debt maturities. We intend to satisfy our long-term liquidity needs through cash flow from operations, the issuance of equity or debt securities, other borrowings, property dispositions, or, in connection with acquisitions of certain additional buildings, the issuance of common units in the Operating Partnership. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had total immediate liquidity of approximately 810.0 million, comprised of approximately 70.0 million of cash and cash equivalents and approximately 740.0 million of immediate availability on our unsecured credit facility. 
 
 In addition, we require funds to pay dividends to holders of our common stock and common units in the Operating Partnership. Any future dividends on our common stock are declared in the sole discretion of our board of directors, subject to the distribution requirements to maintain our REIT status for federal income tax purposes, and may be reduced or stopped for any reason, including to use funds for other liquidity requirements. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Indebtedness Outstanding 
 
 The following table summarizes certain information with respect to our indebtedness outstanding as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Indebtedness (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 Interest Rate (1)(2) 
 Maturity Date Prepayment Terms (3) 
 Unsecured credit facility: Unsecured Credit Facility (4) 
 256,000 Term SOFR + 0.875 September 7, 2029 i Total unsecured credit facility 256,000 Unsecured term loans: Unsecured Term Loan G 300,000 1.80 February 5, 2026 i Unsecured Term Loan A 150,000 2.16 March 15, 2027 i Unsecured Term Loan H 187,500 3.35 January 25, 2028 i Unsecured Term Loan I 187,500 3.51 January 25, 2028 i Unsecured Term Loan F (5) 
 200,000 2.96 March 23, 2029 i Total unsecured term loans 1,025,000 Total unamortized deferred financing fees and debt issuance costs (3,487) Total carrying value unsecured term loans, net 1,021,513 Unsecured notes: Series A Unsecured Notes (6) 
 50,000 4.98 October 1, 2024 ii Series D Unsecured Notes 100,000 4.32 February 20, 2025 ii Series G Unsecured Notes 75,000 4.10 June 13, 2025 ii Series B Unsecured Notes 50,000 4.98 July 1, 2026 ii Series C Unsecured Notes 80,000 4.42 December 30, 2026 ii Series E Unsecured Notes 20,000 4.42 February 20, 2027 ii Series H Unsecured Notes 100,000 4.27 June 13, 2028 ii Series L Unsecured Notes 175,000 6.05 May 28, 2029 ii Series M Unsecured Notes 125,000 6.17 May 28, 2031 ii Series I Unsecured Notes 275,000 2.80 September 29, 2031 ii Series K Unsecured Notes 400,000 4.12 June 28, 2032 ii Series J Unsecured Notes 50,000 2.95 September 28, 2033 ii Series N Unsecured Notes 150,000 6.30 May 28, 2034 ii Total unsecured notes 1,650,000 
 Total unamortized deferred financing fees and debt issuance costs (6,179) 
 Total carrying value unsecured notes, net 1,643,821 
 
 Mortgage notes (secured debt): 
 United of Omaha Life Insurance Company 4,376 3.71 October 1, 2039 ii Total mortgage notes 4,376 Net unamortized fair market value discount (129) Total carrying value mortgage notes, net 4,247 Total / weighted average interest rate (7) 
 2,925,581 3.97 
 (1) Interest rate as of September 30, 2024. At September 30, 2024, the one-month Term SOFR was 4.84570 . The current interest rate is not adjusted to include the amortization of deferred financing fees or debt issuance costs incurred in obtaining debt or any unamortized fair market value premiums or discounts. The spread over the applicable rate for our unsecured credit facility and unsecured term loans is based on our debt rating and leverage ratio, as defined in the respective loan agreements. 
 (2) Our unsecured credit facility has a stated interest rate of one-month Term SOFR plus a 0.10 adjustment and a spread of 0.775 . Our unsecured term loans have a stated interest rate of one-month Term SOFR plus a 0.10 adjustment and a spread of 0.85 . As of September 30, 2024, one-month Term SOFR for the Unsecured Term Loans A, F, G, H, and I was swapped to a fixed rate of 1.31 , 2.11 , 0.95 , 2.50 , and 2.66 , respectively (which includes the 0.10 adjustment). The Unsecured Term Loan F provides for the election of Daily Simple Secured Overnight Financing Rate Daily SOFR ), and effective January 15, 2025, Daily SOFR will be swapped to a fixed rate of 3.98 . 
 (3) Prepayment terms consist of (i) pre-payable with no penalty; and (ii) pre-payable with penalty. 
 (4) The capacity of our unsecured credit facility is 1.0 billion. The initial maturity date is September 8, 2028, or such later date which may be extended pursuant to two six-month extension options exercisable by us in our discretion upon advance written notice. Exercise of each six-month option is subject to the following conditions: (i) absence of a default immediately before the extension and immediately after giving effect to the extension, (ii) accuracy of representations and warranties as of the extension date (both immediately before and after the extension), as if made on the extension date, and (iii) payment of a fee. Neither extension option is subject to lender consent, assuming proper notice and satisfaction of the conditions. We are required to pay a facility fee on the aggregate commitment amount (currently 1.0 billion) at a rate per annum of 0.1 to 0.3 , depending on our debt rating, as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement (as defined below). The facility fee is due and payable quarterly. 
 (5) The initial maturity date is March 25, 2027, or such later date which may be extended pursuant to two one-year extension options exercisable by us in our discretion upon advance written notice. Exercise of each one-year option is subject to the following conditions: (i) absence of a default immediately before the extension and immediately after giving effect to the extension; (ii) accuracy of representations and warranties as of the extension date (both 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 immediately before and after the extension), as if made on the extension date; and (iii) payment of a fee. Neither extension option is subject to lender consent, assuming proper notice and satisfaction of the conditions. 
 (6) Subsequent to September 30, 2024, we redeemed in full at maturity the 50.0 million in aggregate principal amount of the Series A Unsecured Notes. 
 (7) The weighted average interest rate was calculated using the fixed interest rate swapped on the notional amount of 1,025.0 million of debt and is not adjusted to include the amortization of deferred financing fees or debt issuance costs incurred in obtaining debt or any unamortized fair market value premiums or discounts. 
 
 The aggregate undrawn nominal commitments on our unsecured credit facility and unsecured term loans as of September 30, 2024 was approximately 740.0 million, including issued letters of credit. Our actual borrowing capacity at any given point in time may be less and is restricted to a maximum amount based on our debt covenant compliance. 
 
 On September 10, 2024, we entered into the second amended and restated credit agreement for our unsecured credit facility (the 2024 Credit Agreement to, (i) extend the maturity date to September 8, 2028, or such later date which may be extended pursuant to two six-month extension options exercisable by us at our discretion, subject to certain conditions, including the payment of a fee, and (ii) provide that borrowings under our unsecured credit facility will, at our election, bear interest based on a Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR (each as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement), which interest rate will be increased by 0.10 for any SOFR Loan (as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement), plus an applicable spread based on our debt rating and leverage ratio (each as defined in the 2024 Credit Agreement). Other than the increase in the borrowing commitments and the interest rate provisions described above, the material terms of our unsecured credit facility remain unchanged. 
 
 On June 29, 2024, the sustainability-related interest rate reduction of 0.02 on our unsecured credit facility and each of our unsecured term loans ended in accordance with the respective loan agreements. 
 
 On March 25, 2024, we entered into a second amended and restated term loan agreement for the Unsecured Term Loan F to (i) extend the maturity date to March 25, 2027, with two one-year extension options, subject to certain conditions, that would extend the maturity date to March 23, 2029 if both exercised, and (ii) provide that borrowings under the Unsecured Term Loan F will, at our election, bear interest based on a Base Rate, Adjusted Term SOFR, or Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR (each as defined in the loan agreement), which interest rate will be increased by 0.10 for any SOFR Loan (as defined in the loan agreement), plus an applicable spread based on our debt rating and leverage ratio (each as defined in the loan agreement), less a sustainability-related adjustment. Other than the maturity and interest rate provisions described above, the material terms remain unchanged. 
 
 On March 13, 2024, we entered into a note purchase agreement (the March 2024 NPA for the private placement by the Operating Partnership of 175.0 million senior unsecured notes maturing May 28, 2029, with a fixed annual interest rate of 6.05 , 125.0 million senior unsecured notes maturing May 28, 2031, with a fixed annual interest rate of 6.17 , and 150.0 million senior unsecured notes maturing May 28, 2034, with a fixed annual interest rate of 6.30 . The March 2024 NPA contains a number of financial covenants substantially similar to the financial covenants contained in our unsecured credit facility and other unsecured notes, plus a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a minimum interest coverage ratio of not less than 1.50:1.00. The Company and certain wholly owned subsidiaries of the Operating Partnership are guarantors of the unsecured notes. On May 28, 2024, we issued all of the notes under the March 2024 NPA. 
 
 Our unsecured credit facility, unsecured term loans, unsecured notes, and mortgage notes are subject to ongoing compliance with a number of financial and other covenants. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with the applicable financial covenants. 
 
 The following table summarizes our debt capital structure as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Debt Capital Structure September 30, 2024 Total principal outstanding (in thousands) 2,935,376 Weighted average duration (years) 4.6 Secured debt 0.1 Debt maturing next 12 months 7.7 Net Debt to Real Estate Cost Basis (1) 
 37.9 
 (1) Net Debt means amounts outstanding under our unsecured credit facility, unsecured term loans, unsecured notes, and mortgage notes, less cash and cash equivalents. Real Estate Cost Basis means the book value of rental property and deferred leasing intangibles, exclusive of the related accumulated depreciation and amortization. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

We regularly pursue new financing opportunities to ensure an appropriate balance sheet position. As a result of these dedicated efforts, we are confident in our ability to meet future debt maturities and fund acquisitions. We believe that our current balance sheet is in an adequate position at the date of this filing, despite possible volatility in the credit markets. 
 
 Our interest rate exposure on our floating rate debt is managed through the use of interest rate swaps, which fix the rate of our long term floating rate debt. For a detailed discussion on our use of interest rate swaps, see Interest Rate Risk below. 
 
 Equity 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 We are authorized to issue up to 20,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.01 per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 
 
 C ommon Stock 
 
 We are authorized to issue up to 300,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.01 per share. 
 
 The following table summarizes our at-the-market ATM common stock offering program as of September 30, 2024. Pursuant to the equity distribution agreements for our ATM common stock offering program, we may from time to time sell common stock through sales agents and their affiliates, including shares sold on a forward basis under forward sale agreements. 
 
 ATM Common Stock Offering Program Date Maximum Aggregate Offering Price (in thousands) Aggregate Available as of September 30, 2024 (in thousands) 2022 750 million ATM February 17, 2022 750,000 513,722 
 
 The following table summarizes the activity for shares sold on a forward basis under the ATM common stock offering program during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We did not receive any proceeds from the sales of such shares on a forward basis. 
 
 Forward Sale Agreements Trade date September 16, 2024 September 5, 2024 August 16, 2024 April 1, 2024 January 9, 2024 Shares sold 492,000 1,000,203 842,047 227,146 567,112 Gross sale price per share 39.9592 39.9792 39.7381 39.1020 38.8818 Gross sale price (in thousands) 19,660 39,987 33,461 8,882 22,050 Net sale price per share 39.5888 39.5514 39.3407 38.6621 38.5058 Maturity date September 22, 2025 September 5, 2025 September 30, 2025 March 31, 2025 January 9, 2025 
 
 We expect to fully physically settle the applicable forward sale agreements on one or more dates prior to the respective scheduled maturity dates, at which point we would receive the proceeds net of certain costs; provided, however, we may elect to cash settle or net share settle such forward sale agreements at any time through the respective scheduled maturity dates. 
 
 In addition to the forward sale agreements discussed above, at September 30, 2024, there was an additional outstanding forward sale agreement that we entered into during the year ended December 31, 2023 for 1,100,000 shares sold on a forward basis under the ATM common stock offering program. We expect to fully physically settle such forward sale agreement on one or more dates prior to the scheduled maturity date of December 14, 2024, at which point we would receive the proceeds net of certain costs; provided, however, we may elect to cash settle or net share settle such forward sale agreement. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interest 
 
 We own our interests in all of our properties and conduct substantially all of our business through the Operating Partnership. We are the sole member of the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. As of September 30, 2024, we owned approximately 98.0 of the common units in the Operating Partnership, and our current and former executive officers, directors, senior employees and their affiliates, and third parties that contributed properties to us in exchange for common units in the Operating Partnership owned the remaining 2.0 . 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 On August 8, 2024, we formed a joint venture with a third party that is primarily engaged in the development and operation of an industrial real estate property located in Reno, Nevada. At September 30, 2024, we held a 95 interest and the third party held the remaining 5 interest in the joint venture. 

Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We use interest rate swaps to fix the rate of our variable rate debt. As of September 30, 2024, all of our outstanding variable rate debt, with the exception of our unsecured credit facility, was fixed with interest rate swaps through maturity. 
 
 We recognize all derivatives on the balance sheet at fair value. If the derivative is designated as a hedge, depending on the nature of the hedge, changes in the fair value of derivatives are either offset against the change in fair value of the hedged assets, liabilities, or firm commitments through earnings or recognized in other comprehensive income (loss), which is a component of equity. Derivatives that are not designated as hedges must be adjusted to fair value and the changes in fair value must be reflected as income or expense. 
 
 We have established criteria for suitable counterparties in relation to various specific types of risk. We only use counterparties that have a credit rating of no lower than investment grade at swap inception from Moody s Investor Services, Standard Poor s, or Fitch Ratings or other nationally recognized rating agencies. 
 
 The swaps are all designated as cash flow hedges of interest rate risk, and all are valued as Level 2 financial instruments. Level 2 financial instruments are defined as significant other observable inputs. As of September 30, 2024, 17 of our interest rate swaps outstanding were in an asset position of approximately 29.0 million and four of our forward-starting interest rate swaps were in a liability position of approximately 3.0 million, including any adjustment for nonperformance risk related to these agreements. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we entered into four interest rate swaps with an aggregate notional value of 200.0 million which fix Daily SOFR at 3.98 effective January 15, 2025 and mature on March 25, 2027. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 1,281.0 million of variable rate debt. As of September 30, 2024, all of our outstanding variable rate debt, with the exception of our unsecured credit facility, was fixed with interest rate swaps through initial maturity. To the extent interest rates increase, interest costs on our floating rate debt not fixed with interest rate swaps will increase, which could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to pay principal and interest on our debt and our ability to make distributions to our security holders. From time to time, we may enter into interest rate swap agreements and other interest rate hedging contracts, including swaps, caps and floors. In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amounts third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to change our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had letters of credit related to development projects and certain other agreements of approximately 4.0 million. As of September 30, 2024, we had no other material off-balance sheet arrangements. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 
 Our future income, cash flows and fair values relevant to financial instruments are dependent upon prevailing market interest rates. Market risk refers to the risk of loss from adverse changes in market prices and interest rates. The primary market risk we are exposed to is interest rate risk. We have used derivative financial instruments to manage, or hedge, interest rate risks related to our borrowings, primarily through interest rate swaps. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 1,281.0 million of variable rate debt outstanding. As of September 30, 2024, all of our outstanding variable rate debt, with the exception of our unsecured credit facility which had a balance of 256.0 million, was fixed with interest rate swaps through initial maturity. To the extent we undertake additional variable rate indebtedness, if interest rates increase, then so will the interest costs on our unhedged variable rate debt, which could adversely affect our cash flow and our ability to pay principal and interest on our debt and our ability to make distributions to our security holders. Further, rising interest rates could significantly increase our future interest expense. From time to time, we enter into interest rate swap agreements and other interest rate hedging contracts, including swaps, caps and floors. While these agreements are intended to lessen the impact of rising interest rates on us, they also expose us to the risk that the other parties to the agreements will not perform, we could incur significant costs associated with the settlement of the agreements, the agreements will be 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 unenforceable and the underlying transactions will fail to qualify as highly-effective cash flow hedges under GAAP. In addition, an increase in interest rates could decrease the amounts third parties are willing to pay for our assets, thereby limiting our ability to change our portfolio promptly in response to changes in economic or other conditions. If interest rates increased by 100 basis points and assuming we had an outstanding balance of 256.0 million on our unsecured credit facility for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, our interest expense would have increased by approximately 1.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 As required by SEC Rule 13a-15(b), we have evaluated, under the supervision of and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the Exchange Act, as of September 30, 2024. Based on the foregoing, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures for the periods covered by this report were effective to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Controls 
 
 There was no change to our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

45 

Table of Contents 

 PART II. Other Information 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we are a party to various lawsuits, claims and other legal proceedings that arise in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently a party, as plaintiff or defendant, to any legal proceedings that, individually or in the aggregate, would be expected to have a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations if determined adversely to the Company. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 There have been no material changes from the risk factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 13, 2024. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Equity Securities 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the Operating Partnership issued 92,568 common units upon exchange of outstanding long term incentive plan units issued pursuant to the STAG Industrial, Inc. 2011 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated (the 2011 Plan ). Subject to certain restrictions, common units in the Operating Partnership may be redeemed for cash in an amount equal to the value of a share of common stock or, at our election, for a share of common stock on a one-for-one basis. 
 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we issued 95,568 shares of common stock upon redemption of 95,568 common units in the Operating Partnership held by various limited partners. The issuance of such shares of common stock was either registered under the Securities Act or effected in reliance upon an exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) under the Securities Act and the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 All other issuances of unregistered securities during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, if any, have previously been disclosed in filings with the SEC. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, of the Company s directors or officers adopted or terminated any Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Securities Act). 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits Exhibit Number Description of Document 10.1 Unsecured Credit Facility: Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of September 10, 2024 (incorporated by reference to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 12, 2024) 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Date File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 STAG INDUSTRIAL, INC. Date: October 29, 2024 BY: /s/ MATTS S. PINARD 
 Matts S. Pinard Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer (Principal Financial Officer) BY: /s/ JACLYN M. PAUL 
 Jaclyn M. Paul Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 
 48 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 q32024-ex31110q.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, William R. Crooker, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of STAG Industrial, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 s WILLIAM R. CROOKER William R. Crooker 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 q32024-ex31210q.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Matts S. Pinard, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of STAG Industrial, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 s MATTS S. PINARD Matts S. Pinard 
 Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 q32024-ex32110q.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant To 
 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as Adopted Pursuant to 
 Section 906 of The Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of STAG Industrial, Inc. on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned officers of STAG Industrial, Inc., certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 (1) the Report, containing the financial statements, fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of STAG Industrial, Inc. 
 Date October 29, 2024 s WILLIAM R. CROOKER William R. Crooker 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 s MATTS S. PINARD Matts S. Pinard 
 Chief Financial Officer, Executive Vice President and Treasurer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 stag-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 stag-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 stag-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 stag-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 stag-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

