<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241129_10-Q_edgar_data_1885461_0001213900-24-103660.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4571330</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>105975</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1024848</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>860990</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1185033</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1314771</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-103660.hdr.sgml : 20241129
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241127191111
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-103660
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241129
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241127

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			ShoulderUP Technology Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001885461
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				871730135
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41076
		FILM NUMBER:		241512851

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		125 TOWNPARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			KENNESAW
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30144
		BUSINESS PHONE:		970.924.0446

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		125 TOWNPARK DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 300
		CITY:			KENNESAW
		STATE:			GA
		ZIP:			30144

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-103660.txt : 20241129

10-Q
 1
 ea0221340-10q_shoulderup.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period
ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT
PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period
from to 

Commission file number:

(Exact name of registrant
as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

Not Applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed
since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: (1) (1) (1) 

(1) The Company s Class A Common Stock, Warrants and Units are currently traded on the over-the-counter market (the OTC under the symbols SUAC , SUACW and SUACU , respectively. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 27, 2024, there were 
shares of Class A Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share Class A Common Stock ), issued and outstanding which includes
shares of Class A Common Stock underlying the Units sold in the registrant s initial public offering, and of which 859,414 shares
of Class A Common Stock trade separately, and shares of Class B Common Stock, 0.0001 par value per share Class B
Common Stock ), issued and outstanding. 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

FORM 10-Q 

FOR THE QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 Part
 I. Financial Information 
 
 1 
 
 Item
 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 1 
 
 Condensed
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 1 
 
 Unaudited
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 2 
 
 Unaudited
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024
 and 2023 
 
 3 
 
 Unaudited
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 4 
 
 Notes
 to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 5 
 
 Item
 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 20 
 
 Item
 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 24 
 
 Item
 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 24 
 
 Part
 II. Other Information 
 
 25 
 
 Item
 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 25 
 
 Item
 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 25 
 
 Item
 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 5. Other Information 
 
 26 
 
 Item
 6. Exhibits 
 
 26 
 
 Part
 III. Signatures 
 
 27 

i 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 2024 
 December 31, 2023 

(unaudited) 

Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Total current assets 

Cash held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Common Stock Subject
 to Possible Redemption, and Stockholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Excise tax payable 

Due to related party 

Convertible promissory note - related
 party 

Total current liabilities 

Non-redemption agreements derivative liability 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, par value; and shares issued and outstanding at redemption value of approximately and per share as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit: 

Preferred stock, par value shares authorized none issued or outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 859,414 and 1,984,568 shares subject to possible redemption) as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Convertible Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Subscription receivable 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders 
 deficit 

Total Liabilities,
 Class A Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption, and Stockholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited Condensed Consolidated financial statements. 

1 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended September
 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September
 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

General and administrative expenses 

Franchise tax expense 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest income from operating account 

Income from cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of derivative
 liability 

Total other (expense) income, net 

Net (loss) income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net (loss) income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of
 redeemable Class A common stock, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted
 net (loss) income per share, redeemable Class A common stock 

Weighted average shares outstanding of
 non-redeemable Class A and Class B common stock, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted
 net (loss) income per share, non-redeemable Class A and Class B common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited Condensed Consolidated financial statements. 

2 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Additional 

Total 

Class A 
 Convertible Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2023 

Increase in redemption value of Class A common stock subject
 to possible redemption 

Net loss 

Balance - March 31, 2024 (unaudited) 

Fair value of non-redemption agreements liability at issuance
 (revised) 

Excise tax liability on share redemptions 

Increase in redemption value of Class A common stock subject
 to possible redemption 

Net loss (revised) 

Balance - June 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

Impact of waiver of deferred underwriting costs 

Decrease in redemption value of Class A common stock subject
 to possible redemption 

Net loss 

Balance - September 30, 2024
 (unaudited) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

Common Stock 
 Additional 

Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Subscription 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Receivable 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance - December 31, 2022 

Net income 

Increase in redemption value of Class
 A common stock to possible redemption amount 

Balance - March 31, 2023 (unaudited) 

Fair value of non-redemption agreements derivative liability
 at issuance 

Net income 

Increase in redemption value of Class
 A common stock to possible redemption amount 

Balance - June 30, 2023 (unaudited) 

Net income 

Increase in redemption value of Class
 A common stock to possible redemption amount 

Balance - September 30, 2023
 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited Condensed Consolidated financial statements. 

3 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September
 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net (loss) income 

Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Income from cash and investments held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of derivative liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Due to related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment income released from Trust Account to pay for taxes 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account in connection with redemption 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from convertible promissory note related party 

Redemptions of Class A common stock 

Net cash used in financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash - beginning of the period 

Cash - end of the period 

Supplementary cash flow information: 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Non-cash investing and financing activities and cash paid for income taxes: 

Initial classification of shareholder non-redemption agreements derivative liability 

Excise tax liability for redemptions of Class A common stock 

Impact of the waiver of the deferred underwriter fee 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited Condensed Consolidated financial statements. 

4 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

units, including
 units pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option in full, at per unit (the Units ),
which is discussed in Note 3, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . 

Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO,
the Company consummated the private placement of private units (the Private Units at a price of per Private
Unit in a private placement, generating gross proceeds to the Company of , of which has not been funded and was recorded
as subscription receivable, which is described in Note 4. 

Transaction costs amounted to consisting
of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, and of other offering costs (including
 of offering costs reimbursed by the underwriters) and was allocated between Class A common stock subject to possible redemption,
Public Warrants, Private Placement Shares, and Private Placement Warrants. 

The Company must complete one or more initial
Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the value of the assets held in the Trust Account (as
defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time
of the signing a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete such
Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target
or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company
under the Investment Company Act 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company
will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 

Following the closing of the IPO on November
19, 2021, per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Units
was deposited into a trust account (the Trust Account ), located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer 
Trust Company acting as trustee, which may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of
Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions
under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. To mitigate
the risk that the Company might be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, on December 28, 2023
we instructed the trustee to liquidate the investments held in the Trust Account and instead to hold the funds in the Trust Account in
an interest bearing demand deposit account until the earlier of the consummation of a Business Combination or our liquidation. Except
with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay tax obligations and
up to to pay dissolution expenses, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Shares will not be released from
the Trust Account until the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination or the Company s redemption of of the
outstanding public shares if it has not completed a Business Combination in the required time period. The proceeds held in the Trust
Account may be used as consideration to pay the sellers of a target business with which the Company completes a Business Combination.
Any amounts not paid as consideration to the sellers of the target business may be used to finance operations of the target business. 

5 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

per Public Share. 

All of the Public Shares contain a redemption
feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder
vote or tender offer in connection with the initial Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation. 

In accordance with SEC and its guidance on redeemable
equity instruments, which has been codified in Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company require common stock subject to
redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares were issued with Public Warrants, the initial carrying
value of common stock classified as temporary equity was then allocated proceeds determined in accordance with FASB ASC 470-20. The Public
Shares are subject to FASB ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument will become redeemable, the Company has the option
to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable
that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in
the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the instrument to equal the redemption value at the
end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately as they occur, measured at the end of each
reporting period. 

The initial stockholders, sponsor, officers and
directors have entered into a letter agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights
with respect to any shares of Class B common stock, par value (the Founder Shares ), Private Placement Shares and
Public Shares they hold in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with
respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares they hold in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation, and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with
respect to any Founder Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period
or during any Extension Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any
Public Shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame). 

The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable
to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective
target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business
Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per Public Share and (ii) the
actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than 
per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply
to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust
Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters
of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor
to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds
to satisfy its indemnity obligations, and the Company believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore,
the Company cannot assure that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 

6 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

shares of the Company s
Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for a cash redemption price of approximately per share, or an
aggregate redemption amount of . Following such redemptions, approximately shares of Class A common stock remain
issued and outstanding. 

On October 16, 2023, the Company announced that
it has entered into a non-binding letter of intent for a potential business combination with Airspace Experience Technologies, Inc.,
a pioneer in the urban mobility market. The non-binding letter of intent was terminated on December 1, 2023. 

On November 17, 2023, the Company, held a special
meeting of its stockholders (the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an
amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that extends the date (the Termination Date by which the Company must consummate a business combination (the Charter Extension from November 19, 2023 (the Original
Termination Date to May 19, 2024 or such earlier date as may be determined by the Company s board of directors in its sole
discretion (the Charter Extension Date ). The certificate of amendment was filed with the Delaware Secretary of State and
has an effective date of November 15, 2023. In connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal, holders of shares of the Company s
common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares. or per share was withdrawn from the Trust Account,
leaving in the Trust Account after the redemptions. 

On December 28, 2023, the Company held an annual
meeting of its stockholders (the Annual Meeting ). At the Annual Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment
to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to allow for the right of a holder of Class B common stock
of the Company to convert its shares of Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock on a one-to-one basis
at any time and from time to time at the election of the holder. The newly issued Class A common stock would not have any redemption
rights and would continue to be subject to a lock-up period upon consummation of the business combination. 

On December 19, 2023, the NYSE filed a Form 25
to delist the Company securities. The delisting was effective on December 29, 2023. On March 6, 2024, pursuant to Rule 15c-211 of the
U.S. Securities Exchange Act, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as amended, a market maker filed a Form 211 with the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA to initiate proprietary trading of the Class A common stock, the units, and
the warrants of the Company. Pursuant to Rule 15c2-11 (the Exchange Act ), the submission of Form 211 to the FINRA OTC Compliance
Unit enables broker-dealers to initiate or resume trading quotes on the pink sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc. for securities
not listed on the New York Stock Exchange or The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. The securities are expected to be quoted on the Pink Sheets,
but there can be no assurance if or when this will occur. 

On May 17, 2024, the Company held a special meeting
of its stockholders (the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment
to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that extends the date by which the Company must consummate a
business combination from May 19, 2024 to November 19, 2024 or such earlier date as may be determined by the Company s board of
directors in its sole discretion. The certificate of amendment was filed with the Delaware Secretary of State and has an effective date
of May 17, 2024. In connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal, holders of shares of the Company s common stock
properly exercised their right to redeem their shares. or per share was withdrawn from the Trust Account, leaving
 in the Trust Account after the redemptions. 

On June 27, 2024, the Company issued a press
release announcing that on June 26, 2024, the Company was assigned the trading symbols SUAC, SUACU and SUACW for its common stock, units
and warrants, respectively, by FINRA. As a result, the Company s common stock, units and warrants begin to be quoted and traded
in the over-the-counter market. 

On November 7, 2024, the Company has filed a
definite proxy announcing a special meeting of stockholders to be held on November 18, 2024, seeking shareholders approval of
the proposal to extend the date by which it has to consummate a business combination from November 19, 2024 to December 31, 2024, or
such earlier date as may be determined by the Company s board of directors in its sole discretion. 

Franchise and Income Tax Withdrawals from
Trust Account 

Since completion of its IPO on November 19, 2021,
and through September 30, 2024, the Company withdrew from the Trust Account to pay its liabilities related to the income and
Delaware franchise taxes. Through September 30, 2024, the Company remitted to the respective tax authorities, which resulted
in remaining excess of funds withdrawn from the Trust Account, but not remitted to the government authorities of . Additionally,
as of September 30, 2024, the Company had accrued but unpaid income tax liability of and unpaid liability for the Delaware franchise
tax of . As of September 30, 2024, the Company had in its operating account, and inadvertently used of the funds
withdrawn from the Trust Account for payment of other operating expenses not related to taxes. Based on review of the circumstances above,
management determined that this use of funds was not in accordance with the Trust Agreement. 

7 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

, of which was funded on April 2, 2024,
and was funded on April 10, 2024. On April 10, 2024, the Company remitted to Internal Revenue Service for its income
tax liability and (net of accrued interest) to Delaware Department of State for its franchise tax liability. On August 14, 2024,
the Company issued a further convertible promissory note to the sponsor for the working capital needs in the amount of , which
was drawn on the same date. The Sponsor s working capital loan also replenished the Company s operating account to maintain
the remaining difference of between amounts withdrawn from the Trust Account and remitted to the tax authorities, which will
be used solely for payment of its income and Delaware franchise tax obligations. The Company continues to incur further tax liabilities
and intends to cover such liabilities from the funds in its operating account and, if necessary, from additional financing from the Sponsor,
without additional withdrawals from the Trust Account, until the excess of the funds withdrawn from the Trust Account over the amounts
remitted to the government authorities is cured. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 
in its operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately million. of the amount of cash on hand as of
September 30, 2024 relate to the amounts that were withdrawn from the Trust for payment of income and Delaware Franchise Taxes and can
not be used for any other purpose. 

In addition, the Company has in a subscription
receivable, which will be used to satisfy the Company s liquidity needs. The Company s liquidity needs prior to the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering were satisfied through the cash contribution of from the Sponsor to purchase Founder Shares (as
defined in Note 5), and an advance from the Sponsor of approximately (see Note 5). The Company repaid on November 19,
2021 and the remaining remains outstanding and is due on demand. Subsequent to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering,
the Company s liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, over-allotment
and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. Over this time period, the Company will be using the funds outside of the
Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing
due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire,
and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans, as defined below (see Note 5). As of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of
Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the liquidity condition
and the mandatory liquidation date raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after December 31, 2024 upon
the approval of the extension of the liquidation date at the special shareholder meeting on November 18, 2024. The unaudited Condensed
Consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going
concern. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act
of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal excise
tax on certain repurchases of stock by publicly traded U.S. domestic corporations and certain U.S. domestic subsidiaries of publicly
traded foreign corporations occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself,
not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally of the fair market value of the
shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are
permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same
taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax.
Any share redemption or other share repurchase that occurs after December 31, 2022, in connection with a Business Combination, extension
vote or otherwise, may be subject to the excise tax. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection
with a Business Combination, extension vote or otherwise will depend on a number of factors, including (i) the fair market value of the
redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination, extension or otherwise, (ii) the structure of a Business Combination,
(iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise
issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the
content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and
not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause
a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination and in the Company s ability to complete a Business
Combination. 

8 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

shares of the Company s Class A common stock for a total of . On November 17, 2023, the Company s
stockholders redeemed shares of the Company s Class A common stock for a total of . The Company evaluated
the classification and accounting of the share/ stock redemption under ASC 450, Contingencies . ASC 450 states that when
a loss contingency exists the likelihood that the future event(s) will confirm the loss or impairment of an asset or the incurrence of
a liability can range from probable to remote. A contingent liability must be reviewed at each reporting period to determine appropriate
treatment. Management has evaluated the requirements of the IR Act and the Company s operations at the end of the reporting period
and has determined that a liability of should be recorded for the excise tax in connection with the above-mentioned redemptions
as of September 30, 2024. This liability will be reviewed and remeasured at each reporting period. 

9 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

by the Federal Deposit Insurance
Corporation. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant adverse impact on the Company s financial
condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

warrants
included in the Units sold in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement Warrants in accordance with the guidance
contained in ASC 815. Such guidance provides that the warrants described above are not precluded from equity classification. Equity-classified
contracts are initially measured at fair value (or allocated value). Subsequent changes in fair value are not recognized as long as the
contracts continue to be classified in equity. 

and shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value, respectively,
as temporary equity outside of the stockholders deficit section of the unaudited Condensed Consolidated balance sheets. 

10 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

shares of Class A common stock in the calculation
of diluted (loss) income per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events. As a result, diluted net (loss) income per
share is the same as basic net (loss) income per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Accretion associated
with the redeemable Class A common stock is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average
 common stock outstanding 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per
 common stock 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average
 common stock outstanding 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per
 common stock 

11 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

and , 13,93 and ) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. The effective
tax rate differs from the statutory tax rate of due to the valuation allowance on the deferred tax assets. 

Units, including Units pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option in full, at a purchase price
of per Unit. Each Unit consists of share of Class A common stock and one-half redeemable warrant. Each whole warrant is exercisable
to purchase whole share of Class A common stock at per share. 

Following the closing of the IPO on November
19, 2021, per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Units
was deposited into the Trust Account. The net proceeds deposited into the Trust Account will be invested in United States government
securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of days or less or in money
market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S.
government treasury obligations. 

12 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Private Units at a price of per Private Unit, or , of which has
not been funded as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 and was recorded as subscription receivable. 

in consideration for Founder Shares. Up to Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor depending on
the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised. In November 2021, the Company effected a for
 stock split of the Class B common stock, so that the Sponsor owns an aggregate of Founder Shares. Up to of the
Founder Shares would have been forfeited depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised.
Because of the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option on November 19, 2021, shares were no longer subject
to forfeiture. 

The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign
or sell any of its Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (i) after the completion of the initial Business Combination;
(ii) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, if the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds 
per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within
any -trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination; and (iii) the date following the completion
of the initial Business Combination on which the Company complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other
similar transaction that results in all of its stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities
or other property (the Lock-up ). 

Convertible Promissory Note - Related Party 

On August 30, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan
the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. Any drawdown under the loan were non-interest bearing,
unsecured and were due at the earlier of March 31, 2022, or the closing of the IPO. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
was no borrowing under the note. The facility is no longer available to the Company subsequent to the IPO. 

On April 2, 2024, Company issued a promissory
note to the Sponsor in the amount of for working capital needs, of which was funded on April 2, 2024, and 
was funded on April 10, 2024 for working capital requirements and payment of certain expenses in connection the Company s Business
Combination. The Note is due and payable on the consummation of the initial merger, stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one of more businesses or entities. Upon consummation of a Business
Combination, the Company shall have obligation to convert up to of the principal amount of the Note in whole or in part into
common stock of the Company at a price of per share. The company has determined the conversion feature include in the promissory
note is not required to be bifurcated and all debt proceeds received under the promissory note were allocated to the debt host. As of
September 30, 2024 the promissory note to the Sponsor was fully drawn and outstanding. 

On August 14, 2024, Company issued a promissory
note to the Sponsor in the amount of for working capital needs, which was funded on same date for working capital requirements
and payment of certain expenses in connection the Company s Business Combination. The Note is due and payable on the consummation
of the initial merger, stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination
with one of more businesses or entities. Upon consummation of a Business Combination, the Company shall have obligation to convert up
to of the principal amount of the Note in whole or in part into common stock of the Company at a price of per share.
The company has determined the conversion feature include in the promissory note is not required to be bifurcated and all debt proceeds
received under the promissory note were allocated to the debt host. As of September 30, 2024 the promissory note to the Sponsor was fully
drawn and outstanding. 

Due to Related Party 

In connection with the IPO, the Sponsor had advanced
to the Company an aggregate of approximately , of which approximately was repaid to the Sponsor upon the closing of the
IPO. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, approximately , remained outstanding and is due on demand, and is included
in the due to related party on the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated balance sheets. In addition, as of September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023, approximately and , respectively, is outstanding for reimbursable expenses and is included in the
due to related party on the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated balance sheets. The due to related party balances as of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, also includes approximately and respectively, of administrative fees (see below). 

13 

SHOULDERUP
 TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

of
such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per unit at the
option of the lender. The units would be identical to the Private Units. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company
had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. 

Administrative Service Fee 

On November 16, 2021, the Company entered into
an agreement with the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space,
secretarial and administrative services through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and the Company s
liquidation. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred expenses of and of services
under this agreement and is included in the general and administrative expenses on the accompanying Condensed Consolidated statements
of operations. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred expenses of and , respectively,
of services under this agreement and is included in the general and administrative expenses on the accompanying unaudited condensed statements
of operations. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had and 	outstanding for services in
connection with such agreement, respectively, and is included in the due to related party on the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated
balance sheets. 

-day
option from the date of the IPO to purchase up to an additional Units to cover over-allotments, which was exercised in full
on November 19, 2021. 

On November 19, 2021, the Company paid cash underwriting
commissions of to the underwriters. 

The underwriters were entitled to a deferred
underwriting commission of , which will be paid from the funds held in the Trust Account upon completion of the Company s
initial Business Combination subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. On September 19, 2024, the underwriter executed
a waiver letter confirming their resignation and waiver of its entitlement to the payment of deferred fee under the terms of the underwriting
agreement in the full amount of . The Company applied recovery of the previously recorded deferred underwriting commission
proportionately to Class A common stock subject to possible redemption and public warrants ). 

Non-Redemption Agreements 

During April 2023, the Company and the Sponsor
entered into agreements (the April Non-Redemption Agreements with third parties in exchange for them agreeing not to redeem
shares of Class A common stock at the Special Meeting at which a proposal to amend to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation
to effect an extension of time for the Company to consummate an initial business combination (the April Charter Amendment Proposal from May 19, 2023 to November 19, 2023 (the April Extension ). The Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the allocation
of Founder Shares held by the Sponsor in exchange for such investors agreeing to hold and not redeem certain public shares
at the Special Meeting. Certain of the parties to the Non-Redemption Agreements are also members of the Sponsor. 

14 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

Founder Shares held by the Sponsor in exchange for such investors agreeing to hold and not redeem certain public shares at the
Special Meeting. Certain of the parties to the Non-Redemption Agreements are also members of the Sponsor. 

On May 17, 2024, the Company and the Sponsor
entered into Non-Redemption Agreements on substantially the same terms with certain stockholders of the Company, pursuant to which such
stockholders agreed not to redeem (or to validly rescind any redemption requests on) an aggregate of non-Redeemed shares in connection
with the Special Meeting. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such shares of Class A Common Stock, the Sponsor agreed
to transfer an aggregate of shares of Class B Common Stock held by the Sponsor to such stockholders immediately following consummation
of the initial business combination if they continued to hold such Non-Redeemed shares through the Special Meeting. 

The Non-Redemption Agreements shall terminate
on the earlier of (a) the failure of the Company s stockholders to approve the Extensions at the Meeting, or the determination
of the Company not to proceed to effect the Extensions, (b) the fulfillment of all obligations of parties to the Non-Redemption
Agreements, (c) the liquidation or dissolution of the Company, or (d) the mutual written agreement of the parties. 

Additionally, pursuant to the Non-Redemption
Agreements, the Company has agreed that until the earlier of (a) the consummation of the Company s initial business combination;
(b) the liquidation of the trust account; and (c) 24 months from consummation of the Company s initial public offering, the
Company will maintain the investment of funds held in the trust account in interest-bearing United States government securities within
the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in
money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The Company has also agreed that it
will not use any amounts in the trust account, or the interest earned thereon, to pay any excise tax that may be imposed on the Company
pursuant to the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) of 2022 (H.R. 5376) due to any redemptions of public shares at the Special Meeting, in
connection with a liquidation of the Company if it does not effect a business combination prior to its termination date by the Company. 

The Company accounts for non-redemption agreements
on a derivative liability basis and records any changes in their fair value in the statements of operations. The amount of such liability
was and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Service Provider Agreements 

From time to time the Company has entered into
and may enter into agreements with various service providers and advisors, including investment banks, that helped us identify targets,
negotiate terms of potential Business Combinations, and that will help us consummate a Business Combination and/or provide other services.
In connection with these agreements, the Company may be required to pay such service providers and advisors fees in connection with their
services to the extent that certain conditions, including the closing of a potential Business Combination, are met. If a Business Combination
does not occur, the Company would not expect to be required to pay these contingent fees. There can be no assurance that the Company
will complete a Business Combination. 

The Company has recorded an accrual of of
fees for legal services by outside counsel related to on-going matters and compliance with reporting obligations. In addition, the Company
incurred of fees for legal services by outside counsel related to the acquisition activities which will be payable solely
on completion of the Business Combination and won t be paid if the Business Combination does not close. This portion of the legal
fees will be recorded and recognized by the Company only in the event of successful Business Combination. 

SEE ID Business Combination Agreement 

On March 18, 2024, the Company entered into a
Business Combination Agreement (such agreement, the Business Combination Agreement and such business combination, the Business
Combination by and among CID HoldCo, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of ShoulderUp Holdings ),
ShoulderUp Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdings ShoulderUp Merger Sub ), SEI
Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings SEI Merger Sub and together
with ShoulderUp Merger Sub, the Merger Subs and SEE ID, Inc., a Nevada corporation SEE ID ). 

15 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s
Class A common stock are entitled to for each share. 

In connection with the Special Meeting held on
April 20, 2023, holders of shares of the Company s Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their Class
A common stock. 

In connection with the Special Meeting held on
November 17, 2023, holders of shares of the Company s Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their Class
A common stock. 

In connection with the Special Meeting held on
May 17, 2024, holders of shares of the Company s Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their Class A common
stock. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were respectively and shares of Class A common stock outstanding, of which and shares were
subject to possible redemption and are classified outside of permanent equity in the accompanying unaudited Condensed Consolidated balance
sheets, respectively. 

The Company recognizes changes in redemption
value of the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption immediately as changes occur and adjusts the carrying value of the Class
A common stock subject to possible redemption to equal the redemption value as if liquidation were to occur at the end of the reporting
period. 

Increase in redemption value of Class A common stock subject
 to possible redemption 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

Redemptions 

Increase in redemption value of Class A common stock subject
 to possible redemption 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2023 

Waiver of deferred underwriting commissions 

Redemptions 

Decrease in Class A ordinary shares subject to possible
 redemption 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of September
 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

16 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of from time to time in one or more series. As of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Class A Common stock - The Company
is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. At September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, respectively and shares of Class A common stock were issued and outstanding, of which and 
shares of Class A common stock are subject to possible redemption (see Note 7), respectively. 

Convertible Class B Common stock 
- The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders are entitled
to vote for each share of Class B common stock. On August 30, 2021, the Sponsor paid , or approximately per share,
in consideration for shares of Class B common stock, par value . Up to Founder Shares were subject to forfeiture
by the Sponsor depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option was exercised. In November 2021, the Company
effected a for stock split of the Class B common stock, so that the Sponsor owns an aggregate of Founder Shares.
Up to of the Founder Shares would have been forfeited depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment
option was not exercised. Because of the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option on November 19, 2021, 
shares are no longer subject to forfeiture. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were shares of Class B Common
Stock issued and outstanding. 

Holders of record of the Class A common stock
and holders of record of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s
stockholders, with each share of common stock entitling the holder to one vote except as required by law. 

Effective December 29, 2023, the Company amended
its certificate of incorporation to allow for the right of a holder of Class B common stock of the Company to convert its shares of Class
B common stock into shares of Class A common stock on a one-to-one basis at any time and from time to time at the election of the holder.
The newly issued Class A common stock would not have any redemption rights and would continue to be subject to a lock-up period upon
consummation of the business combination. The amendment was approved by the Company s stockholders at a meeting held on December
28, 2023. 

The shares of Class B common stock (to the extent
not already converted) will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the initial Business Combination
on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), and
subject to further adjustment. 

Warrants - As of September 30,
2024 and December 31, 2023, there were warrants issued and outstanding Public Warrants and Private Placement
Warrants). Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A common share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment
as discussed herein. In addition, if the Company issues additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising
purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 
per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board
of directors, and in the case of any such issuance to the Company s initial stockholders or their respective affiliates, without
taking into account any Founder Shares held by them, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the newly issued price ), the
exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the newly issued price. 

The warrants will become exercisable on the later
of days after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and months from the closing of the IPO and will
expire after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier
upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company is not registering the shares of
Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, the Company has agreed that as soon as practicable,
but in no event later than business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts
to file with the SEC and have an effective registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are
redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants is not effective by the th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may,
until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an
effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company s shares of Class A common stock are at the time of any exercise
of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants
to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so
elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not
so elect, the Company will use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption
is not available. 

17 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

per warrant; upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period); and if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If the Company calls the warrants for redemption
as described above, the management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise warrants to do so on a cashless
basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, the management
will consider, among other factors, the Company s cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect
on the stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the warrants. In such
event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of shares of Class A common stock equal
to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied
by the excess of the fair market value (as defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market
value. The fair market value shall mean the average last reported sale price of shares of the Class A common stock for
the trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 

The Company accounts for the warrants
that would be issued in connection with the IPO (including the Public Warrants included in the Units and the Private
Placement Warrants included in the Private Units) in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides that
the warrants meet the criteria for equity treatment due to the existence of provisions whereby adjustments to the exercise price of the
warrants is based on a variable that is an input to the fair value of a fixed-for-fixed option and no circumstances under
which the Company can be forced to net cash settle the warrants. 

September 30, 2024 

18 

SHOULDERUP TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL
STATEMENTS 

The Non-Redemption Agreements derivative liability
were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815 and are presented on the unaudited Condensed Consolidated balance sheets.
The non-redemption agreements derivative liability are measured at fair value at inception and on a recurring basis, with changes in
fair value presented within change in fair value of derivative liability in the unaudited Condensed Consolidated statements of operations. 

The Non-Redemption Agreements derivative liability
were initially and as of the end of each subsequent reporting period, valued using a monte-carlo simulation model, which is considered
to be a Level 3 fair value measurement. 

Risk-free rate 

Volatility 

Term 

Probability of successful business combination 

Discount for lack of marketability 

Threshold price 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of March 31, 2024 

Initial fair value of non-redemption agreement dated May 17, 2024 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of June 30, 2024 

Change in valuation inputs or other assumptions 

Fair value as of September 30, 2024 

Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 are recognized
at the beginning of the reporting period. There were no transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 during the year ended September 30, 2024
and December 31, 2023. 

shares of Class B common stock held by the Sponsor into shares of Class A common stock
pursuant to Section 4.3(b)(i) of Article IV of the Company s existing Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. The conversion
is effective as of November 19, 2024. 

19 

Item 2. Managements Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Conditions and Results of Operations 

References to we , us ,
 our or the Company are to ShoulderUp Technology Acquisition Corp., except where the context requires otherwise.
The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our interim Condensed Consolidated financial statements and related notes
thereto included elsewhere in this report. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act
of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and
projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions
about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future
results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you
can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, 
 expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, 
or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible business combinations
and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical fact included in
this Form 10-Q. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our
other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated in
Delaware on May 20, 2021, for the purpose of effecting a merger, stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or
other similar business combination with one or more businesses. 

On November 19, 2021, we consummated our IPO
of 30,000,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 300 million. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we
consummated the private placement of 1,350,000 private units for an aggregate purchase price of 13,500,000. 

Upon the closing of our IPO on November 19, 2021,
 306,000,000 10.00 per unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the units in the initial public offering and the sale of private
shares were placed in the Trust Account. 

If we are unable to complete the initial business
combination on or before the current termination date or and extended date, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of
winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem 100 of the outstanding public
shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest
earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to us but net of taxes payable (and less up to 100,000 of
interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject
to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders
and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject (in the case of (ii) and (iii) above) to our obligations under Delaware law
to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

We cannot assure you that our plans to complete
our initial business combination will be successful. 

Recent Developments 

On April 20, 2023, the Company held a special
meeting of its stockholders (the Special Meeting ). At the Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an
amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that extends the date by which the Company must consummate
a business combination transaction from May 19, 2023, to November 19, 2023 (the date which is 24 months from the closing date
of the Company s initial public offering of units). The certificate of amendment was filed with the Delaware Secretary of State
and has an effective date of April 21, 2023. In connection with Special Meeting, holders of 25,845,428 shares of the Company s
Class A common stock exercised their right to redeem their shares for a cash redemption price of approximately 10.43 per share, or an
aggregate redemption amount of 269,597,445. Following such redemptions, approximately 4,154,572 shares of Class A common stock remain
issued and outstanding. 

On October 16, 2023, the Company announced that
it has entered into a non-binding letter of intent for a potential business combination with Airspace Experience Technologies, Inc.,
a pioneer in the urban mobility market. The non-binding letter of intent was terminated on December 1, 2023. 

20 

On November 17, 2023, the Company, held a special
meeting of its stockholders (the November 17 Special Meeting ). At the November 17 Special Meeting, the Company s
stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that extends the date by
which the Company must consummate a business combination from November 19, 2023 to May 19, 2024 or such earlier date as may be determined
by the Company s board of directors in its sole discretion. The certificate of amendment was filed with the Delaware Secretary
of State and has an effective date of November 15, 2023. In connection with the extension amendment proposal, holders of 2,170,004 shares
of the Company s common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares. 22,904,010 or 10.55 per share was withdrawn
from the Trust Account, leaving 20,946,765 in the Trust Account after the redemptions. 

On December 28, 2023, the Company held an annual meeting of its stockholders
(the Annual Meeting ). At the Annual Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment to the Company s
Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to allow for the right of a holder of Class B common stock of the Company to convert
its shares of Class B common stock into shares of Class A common stock on a one-to-one basis at any time and from time
to time at the election of the holder. The newly issued Class A common stock would not have any redemption rights and would continue
to be subject to a lock-up period upon consummation of the business combination. 

On December 19, 2023, the NYSE filed a Form 25
to delist the Company securities. The delisting was effective on December 29, 2023. On March 6, 2024, pursuant to Rule 15c-211 of the
U.S. Securities Exchange Act, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as amended, a market maker filed a Form 211 with the Financial
Industry Regulatory Authority, Inc. FINRA to initiate proprietary trading of the Class A common stock, the units, and
the warrants of the Company. Pursuant to Rule 15c2-11 (the Exchange Act ), the submission of Form 211 to the FINRA OTC Compliance
Unit enables broker-dealers to initiate or resume trading quotes on the pink sheets by OTC Markets Group Inc. for securities
not listed on the New York Stock Exchange or The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC. The securities are expected to be quoted on the Pink Sheets,
but there can be no assurance if or when this will occur. 

On May 17, 2024, the Company held a special meeting
of its stockholders (the May 17 Special Meeting ). At the May 17 Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved
an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation that extends the Termination Date by which the
Company must consummate a business combination from May 19, 2024, to November 19, 2024 or such earlier date as may be determined by the
Company s board of directors in its sole discretion. The certificate of amendment was filed with the Delaware Secretary of State
and has an effective date of May 17, 2024. In connection with the extension amendment proposal at the May 17 Special Meeting, holders
of 1,125,154 shares of the Company s common stock properly exercised their right to redeem their shares (and did not withdraw their
redemption) for a cash redemption price of approximately 10.78 per share, or an aggregate redemption amount of 12,136,736. Following
such redemptions, approximately 9,270,270 will remain in the trust account and 859,414 shares of common stock will remain issued and
outstanding. 

On November 7, 2024, the Company has filed a
definite proxy announcing a special meeting of stockholders to be held on November 18, 2024, seeking shareholders approval of
the proposal to extend the date by which it has to consummate a business combination from November 19, 2024, to December 31, 2024, or
such earlier date as may be determined by the Company s board of directors in its sole discretion. 

Non-Redemption Agreements 

During April 2023, the Company and the Sponsor
entered into agreements (the April Non-Redemption Agreements with third parties in exchange for them agreeing not to redeem
shares of Class A common stock at the Special Meeting at which a proposal to amend to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation
to effect an extension of time for the Company to consummate an initial business combination (the April Charter Amendment Proposal from May 19, 2023 to November 19, 2023 (the April Extension ). The April Non-Redemption Agreements provide for
the allocation of 1,000,000 Founder Shares held by the Sponsor in exchange for such investors agreeing to hold and not redeem certain
public shares at the Special Meeting. Certain of the parties to the Non-Redemption Agreements are also members of the Sponsor. 

During November 2023, the Company and the Sponsor
entered into agreements (the November Non-Redemption Agreements and together with the April Non-Redemption Agreements,
collectively, the Non-Redemption Agreements with third parties in exchange for them agreeing not to redeem shares of Class
A common stock at the Special Meeting at which a proposal to amend to the Company s Certificate of Incorporation to effect an extension
of time for the Company to consummate an initial business combination (the November Charter Amendment Proposal from November 19,
2023 to May 19, 2024 (the November Extension ). The November Non-Redemption Agreements provide for the allocation of
376,000 Founder Shares held by the Sponsor in exchange for such investors agreeing to hold and not redeem certain public shares at the
Special Meeting. Certain of the parties to the Non-Redemption Agreements are also members of the Sponsor. 

On May 17, 2024, the Company and the Sponsor
entered into Non-Redemption Agreements on substantially the same terms with certain stockholders of the Company, pursuant to which such
stockholders agreed not to redeem (or to validly rescind any redemption requests on) an aggregate of 800,000 non-Redeemed shares in connection
with the Special Meeting. In exchange for the foregoing commitments not to redeem such shares of Class A Common Stock, the Sponsor agreed
to transfer an aggregate of 266,666 shares of Class B Common Stock held by the Sponsor to such stockholders immediately following consummation
of the initial business combination if they continued to hold such Non-Redeemed shares through the Special Meeting. 

21 

The Non-Redemption Agreements shall terminate
on the earlier of (a) the failure of the Company s stockholders to approve the Extension at the Meeting, or the determination
of the Company not to proceed to effect the Extension, (b) the fulfillment of all obligations of parties to the Non-Redemption Agreements,
(c) the liquidation or dissolution of the Company, or (d) the mutual written agreement of the parties. 

Additionally, pursuant to the Non-Redemption
Agreements, the Company has agreed that until the earlier of (a) the consummation of the Company s initial business combination;
(b) the liquidation of the trust account; and (c) 24 months from consummation of the Company s initial public offering, the
Company will maintain the investment of funds held in the trust account in interest-bearing United States government securities within
the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in
money market funds meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(1), (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. The Company has also agreed that it
will not use any amounts in the trust account, or the interest earned thereon, to pay any excise tax that may be imposed on the Company
pursuant to the Inflation Reduction Act (IRA) of 2022 (H.R. 5376) due to any redemptions of public shares at the Special Meeting, in
connection with a liquidation of the Company if it does not effect a business combination prior to its termination date by the Company. 

The Company accounts for non-redemption agreements
on a derivative liability basis and records any changes in their fair value in the statements of operations. The amount of such liability
was 11,119,360 and 6,646,080 as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

SEE ID Business Combination Agreement 

On March 18, 2024, we entered into a Business
Combination Agreement (such agreement, the Business Combination Agreement and such business combination, the Business
Combination by and among CID HoldCo, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly-owned subsidiary of ShoulderUp Holdings ),
ShoulderUp Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and wholly-owned subsidiary of Holdings ShoulderUp Merger Sub ), SEI
Merger Sub, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a direct, wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings SEI Merger Sub and together
with ShoulderUp Merger Sub, the Merger Subs and SEE ID, Inc., a Nevada corporation SEE ID ). 

Pursuant to the Business Combination Agreement
and subject to the terms and conditions set forth therein, (i) ShoulderUp Merger Sub will merge with and into ShoulderUp (the ShoulderUp
Merger ), whereby the separate existence of ShoulderUp Merger Sub will cease and ShoulderUp will be the surviving entity of the
ShoulderUp Merger and become a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings, and (ii) following confirmation of the effective filing of the documents
required to implement the ShoulderUp Merger, SEI Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the SEE ID Merger and
together with the ShoulderUp Merger, the Mergers ), the separate existence of SEI Merger Sub will cease and SEE ID will
be the surviving entity of the SEE ID Merger and a direct wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings (the Surviving Company ). 

Upon the closing of the transactions, it is expected
that Holdings will be listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market, LLC. 

There are no assurances that the Business Combination
will close, the consummation of which remains subject to the satisfaction or waiver of certain customary closing conditions of the respective
parties, including, among others, a registration statement of Holdings becoming effective and approval of the Business Combination by
the stockholders of ShoulderUp and SEE ID. 

Results of Operations 

Our entire activity from inception up to September
30, 2024, was for our formation and preparation for our IPO, and subsequent to the IPO, identifying a target company for a business combination.
We will not generate any operating revenues until the closing and completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net loss of approximately 0.3 million, which consisted of the general and administrative expenses of approximately 205,000,
change in fair value of derivative liability of approximately 164,267, franchise tax expense of approximately 25,000 and income tax
expense of approximately 19,000, offset by income from investments held in the Trust Account and operating account of approximately
 116,000. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2023,
we had net income of approximately 73,000, which consisted of income from investments held in the Trust Account and operating account
of approximately 566,000, offset by general and administrative expenses of approximately 245,000, franchise tax expense of approximately
 50,000, change in fair value of derivative liability of 90,000 and income tax expense of approximately 108,000. 

22 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net loss of approximately 0.9 million, which consisted of the general and administrative expenses of approximately 897,000,
change in fair value of derivative liability of approximately 435,947, franchise tax expense of approximately 76,000 and income tax
expense of approximately 111,000, offset by income from investments held in the Trust Account and operating account of approximately
 608,000. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
we had net income of approximately 3.3 million, which consisted of income from investments held in the Trust Account and operating account
of approximately 5.4 million, offset by general and administrative expenses of approximately 722,000, franchise tax expense of approximately
 150,000, change in fair value of derivative liability of 120,000 and income tax expense of approximately 1.1 million. 

Liquidity and Going Concern Consideration 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 192,363
in its operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately 4.8 million. The amounts of cash on hand as of September
30, 2024 relate to the amounts that were withdrawn from the Trust for payment of income and Delaware Franchise Taxes and can not be used
for any other purpose. 

In addition, we have 600,000 in subscription
receivable, which will be used to satisfy our liquidity needs. Our liquidity needs prior to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering
were satisfied through the cash contribution of 25,000 from the Sponsor to purchase Founder Shares, and an advance from the Sponsor
of approximately 29,000. We repaid 24,000 on November 19, 2021 and the remaining 5,000 remains outstanding and is due on demand. Subsequent
to the consummation of the Initial Public Offering, our liquidity has been satisfied through the net proceeds from the consummation of
the Initial Public Offering, over-allotment and the Private Placement held outside of the Trust Account. Over this time period, the Company
will be using the funds outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial
Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting
the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. 

Of the net proceeds from the IPO and associated
Private Placements, 306,000,000 of cash was placed in the Trust Account and 1,656,890 of cash was held outside of the Trust Account
and was available for the Company s working capital purposes. 

In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of our officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans, as defined below. As of September 30, 2024, there were no amounts
outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. On April 2, 2024, the Company issued a promissory note to the Sponsor for working capital
needs in the amount of 275,000, of which 175,000 was funded on April 2, 2024, and 100,000 was funded on April 10, 2024. On August
14, 2024, the Company issued a promissory note to the Sponsor for working capital needs in the amount of 100,000, which was fully drawn
on the same date. 

Assessment of Going Concern Considerations 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of
Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the liquidity condition,
mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern.
No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate December 31,
2024. The unaudited Condensed Consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company
is unable to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to complete a Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date.
Over this time period, the Company will be using the funds outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable, and completing
the proposed Business Combination with SEE ID pursuant to the terms of the Business Combination Agreement. 

Franchise and Income Tax Withdrawals from
Trust Account 

Since completion of its IPO on November 19, 2021,
and through December 31, 2023, the Company withdrew 2,786,344 from the Trust Account to pay its liabilities related to the income and
Delaware franchise taxes. Through September 30, 2024, the Company remitted 2,526,664 to the respective tax authorities, which resulted
in remaining excess of funds withdrawn from the Trust Account, but not remitted to the government authorities of 259,680. Additionally,
as of September 30, 2024, the Company had accrued but unpaid income tax liability of 151,637 and unpaid liability for the Delaware franchise
tax of 74,000, As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 192,363 in its operating account and inadvertently used 67,317 of the funds
withdrawn from the Trust Account for payment of other operating expenses not related to taxes. Based on review of the circumstances above,
management determined that this use of funds was not in accordance with the Trust Agreement. 

23 

On April 2, 2024, the Sponsor committed to providing
the Company a working capital loan in the amount of 275,000, of which 175,000 was funded on April 2, 2024, and 100,000 was funded
on April 10, 2024. On April 10, 2024 the Company remitted 261,072 to Internal Revenue Service for its income tax liability and 38,800
(net of accrued interest) to Delaware Department of State for its franchise tax liability. On August 14, 2024, the Company issued a promissory
note to the Sponsor for working capital needs in the amount of 100,000, which was fully drawn on the same date. The Sponsor s
working capital loan also replenished the Company s operating account to maintain the remaining difference of 71,985 between amounts
withdrawn from the Trust Account and remitted to the tax authorities, which will be used solely for payment of its income and Delaware
franchise tax obligations. The Company continues to incur further tax liabilities and intends to cover such liabilities from the funds
in its operating account and, if necessary, from the proceeds from the promissory note to Sponsor, without additional withdrawals from
the Trust Account, until the excess of the funds withdrawn from the Trust Account over the amounts remitted to the government authorities
is cured. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of these unaudited Condensed
Consolidated financial statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported
amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited Condensed Consolidated
financial statements and the reported amounts of expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates.
The only item that involves critical accounting estimates is non-redemption agreements derivative liability. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

Not required for smaller reporting companies. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and
15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer
have concluded that as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective, due to the following material
weaknesses identified in our internal controls over financial reporting identified as of December 31, 2023: 

a
 material weakness in internal controls related to failures in reporting period closing that
 could lead to understatement of the Company s liabilities arising from complex financial
 instruments; 

a
 material weakness in internal controls related to the compliance with the provisions of the
 Trust Agreement related to the use of funds withdrawn from the Trust Account for payment
 of tax liabilities. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There were no changes to our internal control
over financial reporting that occurred during our fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, that have materially affected or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

24 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Except as set forth below, as of the date of
this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes with respect to those risk factors previously disclosed in described in our
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31,
2024. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results of operations or financial condition.
Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair our business or results of operations. 

The New York Stock Exchange delisted
our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject
us to additional trading restrictions. 

Since the New York Stock Exchange NYSE delisted our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange,
our securities are quoted on the OTC. Since our securities trade on the OTC, we could face significant material adverse consequences,
including: 

a limited availability
 of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity
 for our securities; 

a determination
 that our common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in
 our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a
 reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount
 of news and analyst coverage; 

a decreased ability
 to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future; and 

a requirement
 to trade on the OTC for a year before reapplying for listing on a national securities exchange. 

The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996,
which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as
 covered securities. Because our common stock and warrants were delisted from the NYSE and trade on the OTC, our units,
Class A common stock and warrants are not covered securities and we would be subject regulation in each state in which we offer
our securities, including in connection with our initial business combination, which may make more difficult and costly to complete a
business combination. In addition, our securityholders could be prohibited from trading in our securities absent our registration in
the state where such securityholder lives. To date we have not registered our securities in any State, and do not currently plan to do
so. This may make it difficult or impossible for our securityholders to trade in our securities. 

In addition, because our securities were delisted from the NYSE and
are no longer listed on a national securities exchange, we may be less attractive to potential business combination targets and thereby
adversely affect our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

Our securities are quoted on the OTC and may become subject
to the penny stock rules, which may make it more difficult to trade in our securities. 

The SEC has adopted rules that regulate broker-dealer practices
in connection with transactions in penny stocks. Penny stocks are generally equity securities with a price
of less than 5.00, other than securities registered on certain national securities exchanges or authorized for quotation on certain
automated quotation systems, provided that current price and volume information with respect to transactions in such securities is provided
by the exchange or system. Since our securities were delisted from the NYSE, and if the price of our common stock is less than 5.00
per share, our securities could be determined to be penny stock under Rule 3a-51 of the Exchange Act and
we would be required to comply with the requirements of Rule 419 of the Securities Act. The penny stock rules require
a broker-dealer, before a transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, to deliver a standardized
risk disclosure document containing specified information. In addition, the penny stock rules require that before effecting
any transaction in a penny stock not otherwise exempt from those rules, a broker-dealer must make a special written
determination that the penny stock is a suitable investment for the purchaser and receive (i) the purchaser s
written acknowledgment of the receipt of a risk disclosure statement; (ii) a written agreement to transactions involving penny
stocks and (iii) a signed and dated copy of a written suitability statement. These disclosure requirements may have the
effect of reducing the trading activity in the secondary market for our common stock, and therefore stockholders may have difficulty
selling their shares. In addition, being subject to the requirements of the penny stock rules would make us less attractive to potential
business combination targets and thereby adversely affect our ability to complete an initial business combination. 

25 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 

On November 19, 2021, we sold 30,000,000 units,
including 3,500,000 units pursuant to the exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option in full, at a purchase price of 10.00
per unit in our initial public offering (the IPO ). Simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated
the private placement of 1,350,000 private shares for an aggregate purchase price of 13,500,000 (the Private Placement ).
Following the closing of the IPO and the Private Placement on November 19, 2021, 306,000,000 10.20 per unit) from the net proceeds
of the sale of the units in the IPO and the sale of the private placement units was deposited into our trust account (the Trust
Account ), and 1,656,890 of cash was held outside of the Trust Account and is available for the Company s working capital
purposes. Transaction costs (other than deferred underwriting commissions) amounted to 6,620,368 consisting of 5,300,000 of underwriting
commissions, and 1,320,368 of other offering costs (including 795,000 of offering costs reimbursed by the underwriters). 

The net proceeds deposited into the Trust Account
are invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act
having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment
Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

. 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference
into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description
 of Exhibit 
 
 Incorporation 
 By Reference 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate
 of Amendment to Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 Exhibit
 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 23, 2024 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act of 2002 
 
 Filed
 herewith. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002 
 
 Furnished. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification
 of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of
 2002 
 
 Furnished. 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline
 XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover
 Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

26 

PART III 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with the requirements
of the Exchange Act, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SHOULDERUP
 TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. 

Date: November 27, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/
 Phyllis W. Newhouse 

Name: 
 Phyllis W. Newhouse 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

27 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022134001ex31-1_shoulderup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Phyllis W. Newhouse, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ShoulderUp Technology Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 27, 2024 

/s/ Phyllis W. Newhouse 

Phyllis W. Newhouse 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022134001ex31-2_shoulderup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Rashaun Williams, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of ShoulderUp Technology Acquisition Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period
in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d) Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a) All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant
 role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 27, 2024 

/s/ Rashaun Williams 

Rashaun Williams 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022134001ex32-1_shoulderup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of ShoulderUp
Technology Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Phyllis W. Newhouse, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To
my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: November 27, 2024 

/s/ Phyllis W. Newhouse 

Phyllis W. Newhouse 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022134001ex32-2_shoulderup.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of ShoulderUp
Technology Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, as filed with
the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Grace Vandecruze, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as added by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. To
my knowledge, the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results
of operations of the Company as of and for the period covered by the Report. 

Date: November 27, 2024 

/s/ Rashaun Williams 

Rashaun Williams 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 suac-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 suac-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 suac-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 suac-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 suac-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

