<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1562463_0001562463-24-000086.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22240990</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>152114</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1837085</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>12336162</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3411977</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3798223</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001562463-24-000086.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107162903
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001562463-24-000086
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		90
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			First Internet Bancorp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001562463
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				203489991
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IN
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35750
		FILM NUMBER:		241436301

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8701 E. 116TH STREET
		CITY:			FISHERS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46038
		BUSINESS PHONE:		317-532-7900

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		8701 E. 116TH STREET
		CITY:			FISHERS
		STATE:			IN
		ZIP:			46038

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001562463-24-000086.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 inbk-20240930.htm
 10-Q

inbk-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Transition Period From ________ to ________. 
 
 Commission File Number 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated Filer 
 
 Non-accelerated Filer 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 As of November 1, 2024, the registrant had shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the federal securities laws. These statements are not historical facts, but rather statements based on the current expectations of First Internet Bancorp and its consolidated subsidiaries (the Company, we, our, or us regarding our business strategies, intended results and future performance, including without limitation statements concerning the financial condition, results of operations, trends in lending policies and loan programs, plans and prospective business partnerships, objectives, future performance and business of the Company. Forward-looking statements are generally preceded by terms such as acquire , anticipate, attempt, believe, can, change, continue, could, decline, decrease, differentiate, diversify, driving, effort, emerging, estimate, expect, grow, increase, intend, likely, may, objective, plan, position, potential, preliminary, pursue, remain, retain, should, slowest, succeed, will, win, would or other similar expressions. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties, including without limitation: changes in market rates and prices that may adversely impact the value of securities, loans, deposits and other financial instruments and the interest rate sensitivity of our balance sheet ; changes in bank regulatory conditions, policies or programs, whether arising as a result of new legislation or regulatory initiatives, that could lead to restrictions on activities of banks generally or First Internet Bank (the Bank in particular; changes in the enforcement and interpretation of applicable laws and regulations by governmental and self-regulatory agencies, which could require us to change certain business practices, increase compliance risk, reduce our revenue, impose additional costs on us, or otherwise negatively affect our businesses; more restrictive regulatory capital requirements; increased costs, including deposit insurance premiums; increased regulatory scrutiny resulting from bank failures; risks related to potential claims, damages, penalties, fines and reputational damage resulting from pending or future litigation, regulatory proceedings or enforcement actions; the risk that we may be required to make substantial expenditures to keep pace with regulatory initiatives and the rapid technology changes in the financial services market; other general economic conditions, whether national or regional, and conditions in the lending markets in which we participate that may have an adverse effect on the demand for our loans and other products; our credit quality and related levels of nonperforming assets and credit losses, and the value and salability of the real estate that is the collateral for our loans; failures or breaches of or interruptions in the communication and information systems on which we rely to conduct our business that could reduce our revenues, increase our costs or lead to disruptions in our business; our dependence on capital distributions from the Bank; results of examinations of us by our regulators, including the possibility that our regulators may, among other things, require us to increase our allowance for credit losses or to write-down assets; regulation or prohibition of certain income producing activities or changes in the secondary market for loans and other products; our liquidity requirements being adversely affected by changes in our assets and liabilities; the effect of legislative or regulatory developments, including changes in laws concerning taxes, banking, securities, insurance and other aspects of the financial services industry; competitive factors among financial services organizations, including product and pricing pressures and our ability to attract, develop and retain qualified banking professionals; the growth and profitability of noninterest or fee income being less than expected; the loss of any key members of senior management; the effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board and other regulatory agencies; and the effect of fiscal and governmental policies of the United States federal government. Additional factors that may affect our results include those discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K under the heading Risk Factors and in other reports filed with the SEC . We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any such forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date made. The factors listed above could affect our financial performance and could cause our actual results for future periods to differ materially from any opinions or statements expressed with respect to future periods in any current statements. 
 
 Except as required by law, we do not undertake, and specifically disclaim any obligation, to publicly release the result of any revisions that may be made to any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of such statements or to reflect the occurrence of anticipated or unanticipated events. 
 i 

PART I 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (Amounts in thousands except share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) Assets Cash and due from banks Interest-bearing deposits Total cash and cash equivalents Securities available-for-sale, at fair value (amortized cost of and in 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Securities held-to-maturity, at amortized cost, net of allowance for credit losses of million and million in 2024 and 2023, respectively, (fair value of and in 2024 and 2023, respectively) 
 Loans held-for-sale Loans Allowance for credit losses - loans ) ) Net loans Accrued interest receivable Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis stock Cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance Premises and equipment, net Goodwill Servicing asset, at fair value Other real estate owned Accrued income and other assets Total assets Liabilities and Shareholders Equity Liabilities Noninterest-bearing deposits Interest-bearing deposits Total deposits Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Subordinated debt, net of unamortized debt issuance costs of and in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Accrued interest payable Accrued expenses and other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies shares authorized; issued and outstanding - 
 Voting common stock, no par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding in 2024 and 2023, respectively 
 Nonvoting common stock, no par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding - 
 Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 1 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Income Unaudited 
 (Amounts in thousands except share and per share data) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest Income Loans Securities taxable Securities non-taxable Other earning assets Total interest income Interest Expense Deposits Other borrowed funds Total interest expense Net Interest Income Provision for credit losses - loans Benefit for credit losses - debt securities held to maturity ) ) ) ) (Benefit) Provision for credit losses - off-balance sheet commitments ) ) Net Interest Income After Provision for Credit Losses Noninterest Income Service charges and fees Loan servicing revenue Loan servicing asset revaluation ) ) ) ) Mortgage banking activities Gain on sale of loans Other Total noninterest income Noninterest Expense Salaries and employee benefits Marketing, advertising and promotion Consulting and professional services Data processing Loan expenses Premises and equipment Deposit insurance premium Other Total noninterest expense Income Before Income Taxes Income Tax Provision (Benefit) ) ) Net Income Income Per Share of Common Stock Basic Diluted Weighted-Average Number of Common Shares Outstanding Basic Diluted Dividends Declared Per Share 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 2 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) Unaudited 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Securities available-for-sale Net unrealized holding gains (losses) recorded within other comprehensive income (loss) before income tax ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) ) Net effect on other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Securities held-to-maturity Amortization of net unrealized holding losses on securities transferred from available-for-sale to held-to-maturity Income tax provision Net effect on other comprehensive income Cash flow hedges Net unrealized holding (losses) gains on cash flow hedging derivatives recorded within other comprehensive income (loss) before income tax ) ) Income tax (benefit) provision ) ) Net effect on other comprehensive (loss) income ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 3 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity - Unaudited 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Amounts in thousands except share and per share data) 
 Voting and Nonvoting Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shareholders Equity Balance, January 1, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Recognition of the fair value of share-based compensation Repurchased shares of common stock ) 
 ) ) Excise tax on repurchase of common stock ) ) Deferred stock rights and restricted stock units issued in lieu of cash dividends payable on outstanding deferred stock rights and restricted stock units Common stock redeemed for the net settlement of share-based awards ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) Balance, January 1, 2023 ) Impact of adoption of new accounting standards 1 
 ) ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Recognition of the fair value of share-based compensation Repurchased shares of common stock ) 
 ) ) Excise tax on repurchase of common stock ) ) Deferred stock rights and restricted stock units issued in lieu of cash dividends payable on outstanding deferred stock rights and restricted stock units Common stock redeemed for the net settlement of share-based awards ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) 
 1 
 
 See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity - Unaudited 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (Amounts in thousands except share and per share data) 
 Voting and Nonvoting Common Stock Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total Shareholders Equity Balance, July 1, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Recognition of the fair value of share-based compensation Deferred stock rights and restricted stock units issued in lieu of cash dividends payable on outstanding deferred stock rights and restricted stock units Balance, September 30, 2024 ) Balance, July 1, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss ) ) Dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Recognition of the fair value of share-based compensation Repurchased shares of common stock ) 
 ) ) Excise tax on repurchase of common stock ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 

5 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows Unaudited 
 (Amounts in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Operating Activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Increase in cash surrender value of bank-owned life insurance ) ) Provision for credit losses Share-based compensation expense Loans originated for sale ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans Gain on loans sold ) ) Gain on sale of other real estate owned ) Decrease in fair value of loans held-for-sale Loss on derivatives Gain on bank-owned life insurance ) Loan servicing asset revaluation Net change in accrued income and other assets ) ) Net change in accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities ) Investing Activities Net loan activity, excluding purchases ) ) Proceeds from sale of other real estate owned Maturities and calls of securities available-for-sale Purchase of securities available-for-sale ) ) Maturities and calls of securities held-to-maturity Purchase of securities held-to-maturity ) ) Purchase of premises and equipment ) ) Proceeds from bank-owned life insurance Loans purchased ) ) Other investing activities ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing Activities Net increase in deposits Cash dividends paid ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Proceeds from advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Repayment of advances from Federal Home Loan Bank ) ) Other, net ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period Supplemental Disclosures Cash paid during the period for interest Cash paid during the period for taxes Loans transferred to other real estate owned Cash dividends declared, paid in subsequent period Securities purchased during the period, settled in subsequent period 

See Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 

First Internet Bancorp 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements Unaudited 
 (Table amounts in thousands except share and per share data) 

Note 1: 
 wholly owned subsidiaries, First Internet Public Finance Corp., JKH Realty Services, LLC and SPF15, Inc. All significant intercompany accounts and transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 
 The Company is subject to claims and lawsuits that arise primarily in the ordinary course of business. It is the opinion of management that the disposition or ultimate resolution of such claims and lawsuits will not have a material adverse effect on the consolidated financial position, results of operations, and cash flows of the Company. 

7 

Note 2: 
 Weighted-average common shares Basic earnings per common share Diluted earnings per share Net income Weighted-average common shares Dilutive effect of equity compensation Weighted-average common and incremental shares Diluted earnings per common share 1 
 
 antidilutive shares for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. Excluded from the computation of diluted EPS were weighted-average antidilutive shares totaling and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

8 

Note 3: 
 ) Municipal securities ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential 1 
 ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential ) Asset-backed securities ) Corporate securities ) Total available-for-sale ) 

) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) Corporate securities ) ) Total held-to-maturity ) ) 
 
 1 Includes million of additional premium related to terminated interest rate swaps associated with agency mortgage-backed securities - residential as of September 30, 2024 . 
 
 ) Municipal securities ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential 1 
 ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential ) Asset-backed securities 
 ) Corporate securities ) Total available-for-sale ) 

9 

) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) Corporate securities ) ) Total held-to-maturity ) ) 
 1 Includes million of additional premium related to terminated interest rate swaps associated with agency mortgage-backed securities - residential as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Accrued interest receivable on AFS and HTM securities at September 30, 2024 was million and million, respectively, compared to million and million, respectively, at December 31, 2023, and is included in accrued interest receivable on the condensed consolidated balance sheet. The Company elected to exclude all accrued interest receivable from securities when estimating credit losses. 
 
 At both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, over of mortgage-backed securities (including both AFS and HTM) held by the Company are issued by U.S. government-sponsored entities and agencies. These securities are either explicitly or implicitly guaranteed by the U.S. government and have a long history of no credit losses; therefore, the Company did not record an ACL on these securities. 
 
 Additionally, the Company evaluated credit impairment for individual AFS securities that are in an unrealized loss position and determined that the unrealized losses are unrelated to credit quality and are primarily attributable to changes in interest rates and volatility in the financial markets. As the Company does not intend to sell the AFS securities that are in an unrealized loss position, and it is unlikely that it will be required to sell these securities before recovery of their amortized cost basis, the Company did not record an ACL on these securities. 
 
 The Company also evaluated its HTM securities that are in an unrealized loss position and considered issuer bond ratings, historical loss rates for bond ratings and economic forecasts. The ACL on HTM securities at September 30, 2024 was million. 
 
 One to five years Five to ten years After ten years Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential Asset-backed securities Total 

10 

One to five years Five to ten years After ten years Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial Total 
 
 There were gross gains or losses resulting from the sale of available-for-sale securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Certain investments in debt securities are reported in the condensed consolidated financial statements at an amount less than their historical cost. The total fair value of these investments at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was million and million, which was approximately and , respectively, of the Company s AFS and HTM securities portfolios. As of September 30, 2024, the Company s security portfolio consisted of securities, of which were in an unrealized loss position. As of December 31, 2023, the Company s security portfolio consisted of securities, of which were in an unrealized loss position. The unrealized losses are related to the categories noted below. 
 
 U. S. Government-Sponsored Agencies, Municipal Securities and Corporate Securities 
 
 The unrealized losses on the Company s investments in securities issued by U.S. Government-sponsored agencies, municipal organizations and corporate entities were caused primarily by interest rate changes. The contractual terms of those investments do not permit the issuer to settle the securities at a price less than the amortized cost basis of the investments. The Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be upon maturity. 
 
 Agency Mortgage-Backed and Private Label Mortgage-Backed Securities 
 
 The unrealized losses on the Company s investments in agency mortgage-backed and private label mortgage-backed securities were caused primarily by interest rate changes. The Company expects to recover the amortized cost basis over the terms of the securities. The Company does not intend to sell the investments and it is not likely that the Company will be required to sell the investments before recovery of their amortized cost basis, which may be upon maturity. 
 
 11 

) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities- residential ) ) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities- commercial ) ) ) Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential ) ) ) Asset-backed securities ) ) Corporate securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 

December 31, 2023 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total (in thousands) Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Fair Value Unrealized Losses Securities available-for-sale U.S. Government-sponsored agencies ) ) ) Municipal securities ) ) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential 
 ) ) ) Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial ) ) ) Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential ) ) ) Asset-backed securities 
 ) ) Corporate securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 

12 

Aa1/AA+ Aa2/AA Aa3/AA- A2/A A3/A- Baa1/BBB+ Baa2/BBB Baa3/BBB- Ba1/BB+ Total 
 
 December 31, 2023 Held-to-Maturity (in thousands) Municipal Securities Mortgage-Backed Securities - Residential Mortgage-Backed Securities - Commercial Corporate Securities Total AAA equivalent - agency Aa1/AA+ Aa2/AA A1/A+ A2/A A3/A- Baa1/BBB+ Baa2/BBB Baa3/BBB- Ba1/BB+ Total 

13 

Note 4: 
 
 Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate Construction Single tenant lease financing Public finance Healthcare finance Small business lending Franchise finance Total commercial loans Consumer loans Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer loans Total consumer loans Total commercial and consumer loans Net deferred loan origination fees/costs and premiums/discounts on purchased loans and other 1 
 Total loans Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loans 
 
 million and million related to terminated interest rate swaps associated with public finance loans as of September 

Risk characteristics of each loan portfolio segment are as follows: 
 
 Commercial and Industrial: Commercial and industrial loans sources of repayment are primarily based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. The cash flows of borrowers, however, may not be as expected, and the collateral securing these loans may fluctuate in value. Loans are made for working capital, equipment purchases, or other purposes. Most commercial and industrial loans are secured by the assets being financed and may incorporate a personal guarantee. This portfolio segment is generally concentrated in the Midwest and Southwest regions of the United States. 
 
 Owner-Occupied Commercial Real Estate: The primary source of repayment is the cash flow from the ongoing operations and activities conducted by the borrower, or an affiliate of the borrower, who owns the property. This portfolio segment is generally concentrated in the Midwest and Southwest regions of the United States and its loans are often secured by manufacturing and service facilities. 
 
 14 

15 

16 

17 

) Owner-occupied commercial real estate ) Investor commercial real estate ) Construction ) Single tenant lease financing ) Public finance ) Healthcare finance ) Small business lending ) Franchise finance Residential mortgage ) Home equity ) Other consumer loans ) Total ) 
 
 (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Allowance for credit losses: Balance, Beginning of Period (Credit) Provision Charged to Expense Losses Charged Off Recoveries Balance, End of Period Commercial and industrial Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate Construction Single tenant lease financing Public finance Healthcare finance Small business lending Franchise finance Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer loans Total ) 

18 

Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate ) Construction Single tenant lease financing ) Public finance ) Healthcare finance ) Small business lending ) Franchise finance Residential mortgage ) ) Home equity ) Other consumer loans ) ) Total ) 
 
 (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Allowance for credit losses: Balance, Beginning of Period Adoption of CECL (Credit) Provision Charged to Expense Losses Charged Off Recoveries Balance, End of Period Commercial and industrial ) ) Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate ) ) Construction ) Single tenant lease financing ) ) Public finance ) ) Healthcare finance ) ) Small business lending ) Franchise finance ) ) Residential mortgage ) Home equity ) Other consumer loans ) Total ) 
 
 Accrued interest receivable on loans totaled million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and is excluded from the estimate of credit losses. The Company made the accounting policy election to not measure an ACL for accrued interest receivable. Accrued interest deemed uncollectible will be written off through interest income. 

In addition to the ACL, the Company established a reserve for off-balance sheet commitments, classified in other liabilities, as required by the adoption of the CECL methodology for measuring credit losses. This reserve is maintained at a level management believes to be sufficient to absorb losses arising from unfunded loan commitments. The day one entry for off-balance sheet commitments resulted in a reserve of million. The adequacy of the reserve for unfunded commitments is determined quarterly based on methodology similar to the methodology for determining the ACL. 
 19 

Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate Construction ) Single tenant lease financing Small business lending Total commercial loans ) Consumer loans Residential mortgage ) Home equity Other consumer Total consumer loans Total allowance for off-balance sheet commitments ) 
 
 (in thousands) Balance December 31, 2023 Provision (Benefit) for credit losses Balance September 30, 2024 Off-balance sheet commitments Commercial loans Commercial and industrial ) Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate Construction ) Single tenant lease financing Small business lending ) Total commercial loans ) Consumer loans Residential mortgage ) Home equity ) Other consumer Total consumer loans ) Total allowance for off-balance sheet commitments ) 
 
 20 

Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate ) Construction ) Small business lending Total commercial loans Consumer loans Residential mortgage ) Home equity ) Other consumer ) Total consumer loans ) Total allowance for off-balance sheet commitments 
 
 (in thousands) Pre-ASC 326 Adoption Impact of ASC 326 Adoption Provision (Benefit) for credit losses Balance September 30, 2023 Off-balance sheet commitments Commercial loans Commercial and industrial Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate Construction Healthcare finance ) Small business lending Total commercial loans Consumer loans Residential mortgage ) Home equity Other consumer Total consumer loans ) Total allowance for off-balance sheet commitments 

21 

22 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial and industrial Year-to-date gross charge-offs Owner-occupied commercial real estate Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total owner-occupied commercial real estate Year-to-date gross charge-offs Investor commercial real estate Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total investor commercial real estate Year-to-date gross charge-offs Construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total construction Year-to-date gross charge-offs Single tenant lease financing Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total single tenant lease financing Year-to-date gross charge-offs Public finance Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total public finance Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 23 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total healthcare finance Year-to-date gross charge-offs Small business lending 1 
 Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total small business lending Year-to-date gross charge-offs Franchise finance Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total franchise finance Year-to-date gross charge-offs Consumer loans Residential mortgage Performing Nonperforming Total residential mortgage Year-to-date gross charge-offs Home equity Performing Nonperforming Total home equity Year-to-date gross charge-offs Other consumer Performing Nonperforming Total other consumer Year-to-date gross charge-offs Total Loans Total year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 1 Balance in Substandard is partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 

24 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total commercial and industrial Year-to-date gross charge-offs Owner-occupied commercial real estate Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total owner-occupied commercial real estate Year-to-date gross charge-offs Investor commercial real estate Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total investor commercial real estate Year-to-date gross charge-offs Construction Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total construction Year-to-date gross charge-offs Single tenant lease financing Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total single tenant lease financing Year-to-date gross charge-offs Public finance Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total public finance Year-to-date gross charge-offs 
 25 

Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total healthcare finance Year-to-date gross charge-offs Small business lending 1 
 Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total small business lending Year-to-date gross charge-offs Franchise finance Pass Special Mention Substandard Doubtful Total franchise finance Year-to-date gross charge-offs Consumer loans Residential mortgage Performing Nonperforming Total residential mortgage Year-to-date gross charge-offs Home equity Performing Nonperforming Total home equity Year-to-date gross charge-offs Other consumer Performing Nonperforming Total other consumer Year-to-date gross charge-offs Total Loans Total year-to-date gross charge-offs 1 Balance in Substandard is partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
 26 

Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate Construction Single tenant lease financing Public finance Healthcare finance Small business lending 1 
 Franchise finance Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total 
 1 Balance is partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 

December 31, 2023 (in thousands) 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or More Past Due Total Past Due Current Total Loans Commercial and industrial Owner-occupied commercial real estate Investor commercial real estate Construction Single tenant lease financing Public finance Healthcare finance Small business lending 1 
 Franchise finance Residential mortgage Home equity Other consumer Total 
 1 Balance is partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
 
 Loans are reclassified to a non-accruing status when, in management s judgment, the collateral value and financial condition of the borrower do not justify accruing interest. At the time the accrual is discontinued, all unpaid accrued interest is reversed against earnings. Interest income accrued in prior years, if any, is charged to the allowance for credit losses. Payments subsequently received on nonaccrual loans are applied to principal. A loan is returned to accrual status when principal and interest are no longer past due and collectability is probable, typically after a minimum of nine consecutive months of performance. The Company recognized less than million in interest income on nonaccrual loans for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. 
 
 27 

Franchise finance Residential mortgage Other consumer Total loans 
 1 Balance is partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
 
 Determining fair value for collateral dependent loans requires obtaining a current independent appraisal of the collateral and applying a discount factor, which includes selling costs if applicable, to the value. The fair value of real estate is generally based on appraisals by qualified licensed appraisers. The appraisers typically determine the value of the real estate by utilizing an income or market valuation approach. If an appraisal is not available, the fair value may be determined by using a cash flow analysis. Fair value on other collateral such as business assets is typically ascertained by assessing, either singularly or some combination of, asset appraisals, accounts receivable aging reports, inventory listings and/or customer financial statements. Both appraised values and values based on borrower s financial information are discounted as considered appropriate based on age and quality of the information and current market conditions. 
 
 Small business lending 1 
 Franchise finance Residential mortgage Other consumer loans Total loans 
 1 Balance is partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
 
 December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Commercial Real Estate Residential Real Estate Other Total Allowance on Collateral Dependent Loans Owner-occupied commercial real estate Small business lending 1 
 Residential mortgage Other consumer loans Total loans 
 1 Balance is partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 

28 

loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. The Company did not have any loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Franchise finance Total loans 
 
 (in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Payment Delay Total Modification by Loan Class of Class of Loans Investor commercial real estate Franchise finance Total loans 
 
 The following tables describe the financial effect of the modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had no commitments to lend additional funds to these borrowers included in the table below. 

(in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 - Payment Delay Loan Type Financial Effect Investor commercial real estate Forbearance average of months. 
 Franchise finance Forbearance average of months. 

(in thousands) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 - Payment Delay Loan Type Financial Effect Investor commercial real estate Forbearance average of months. 
 Franchise finance Forbearance average of months. 

29 

Franchise finance Total loans 
 
 No modified loans defaulted during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 

Other Real Estate Owned 
 
 million in other real estate owned OREO as of September 30, 2024. The Company had million in other real estate owned OREO as of December 31, 2023, which consisted of residential mortgage properties. There were loans totaling million and loan totaling million, in the process of foreclosure at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

30 

Note 5: 
 
 Construction in process Right of use leased asset Building and improvements Furniture and equipment Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Total 

Note 6: 
 million. There have been no changes in the carrying amount of goodwill for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or September 30, 2023. Goodwill is assessed for impairment annually as of August 31, or more frequently if events occur or circumstances change that indicate an impairment may exist. When assessing goodwill for impairment, first, a qualitative assessment can be made to determine whether it is more likely than not that the estimated fair value of a reporting unit is less than its estimated carrying value. If the results of the qualitative assessment are not conclusive, a quantitative goodwill test is performed. Alternatively, a quantitative goodwill test can be performed without performing a qualitative assessment. 
 
 Goodwill was assessed for impairment using a qualitative test performed as of August 31, 2024. The estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeded the net carrying value, and therefore no goodwill impairment existed as of that date. 

Note 7: 
 
 Additions: Originated Subtractions Paydowns: ) ) Changes in fair value due to changes in valuation inputs or assumptions used in the valuation model ) Loan servicing asset revaluation ) ) Balance, end of period 

31 

Additions: Originated Subtractions Paydowns: ) ) Changes in fair value due to changes in valuation inputs or assumptions used in the valuation model ) Loan servicing asset revaluation ) ) Balance, end of period 

Loans serviced for others are not included in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 Total 
 
 Loan servicing revenue totaled million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. Loan servicing asset revaluation, which represents the change in fair value of the servicing asset, resulted in a million and million downward valuation for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and a million and million downward valuation for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The fair value of servicing rights is highly sensitive to changes in underlying assumptions. Though fluctuations in prepayment speeds and changes in secondary market premiums generally have the most substantial impact on the fair value of servicing rights, other influencing factors include changing economic conditions, changes to the discount rate assumption and the weighted average life of the servicing portfolio. Measurement of fair value is limited to the conditions existing and the assumptions used as of a particular point in time; however, those assumptions may change over time. Refer to Note 11 - Fair Value of Financial Instruments for further details. 

Note 8: 
 million aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2029 (the 2029 Notes in a public offering. The 2029 Notes bear interest at a floating rate equal to three-month Term SOFR plus . All interest on the 2029 Notes is payable quarterly. The 2029 Notes are scheduled to mature on June 30, 2029. The 2029 Notes are unsecured subordinated obligations of the Company and may be repaid at any time, without penalty. The 2029 Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. 
 
 In October 2020, the Company entered into a term loan in the principal amount of million, evidenced by a term note due 2030 (the 2030 Note ). The 2030 Note initially bears a fixed interest rate of per year to, but excluding, November 1, 2025 and thereafter at a floating rate equal to the then-current benchmark rate (initially three-month Term SOFR plus ). The 2030 Note is scheduled to mature on November 1, 2030. The 2030 Note is an unsecured subordinated obligation of the Company and may be repaid, without penalty, on any interest payment date on or after November 1, 2025. The 2030 Note is intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. The Company used the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2030 Note to redeem a subordinated term note that had been entered into in October 2015. 
 
 32 

million aggregate principal amount of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Subordinated Notes due 2031 (the 2031 Notes in a private placement. The 2031 Notes initially bear a fixed interest rate of per year to, but excluding, September 1, 2026, and thereafter a floating rate equal to the then-current benchmark rate (initially three-month Term SOFR plus ). The 2031 Notes are scheduled to mature on September 1, 2031. The 2031 Notes are unsecured subordinated obligations of the Company and may be repaid, without penalty, on any interest payment date on or after September 1, 2026. The 2031 Notes are intended to qualify as Tier 2 capital under regulatory guidelines. The Company used a portion of the net proceeds from the issuance of the 2031 Notes to redeem subordinated notes issued by the Company in 2016. Pursuant to the terms of a Registration Rights Agreement between the Company and the initial purchasers of the 2031 Notes, the Company offered to exchange the 2031 Notes for subordinated notes that are registered under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and have substantially the same terms as the 2031 Notes. On December 30, 2021, we completed an exchange of million principal amount of the unregistered 2031 Notes for registered 2031 Notes in satisfaction of our obligations under the registration rights agreement. Holders of million of unregistered 2031 Notes did not participate in the exchange. 
 
 ) ) 2030 Notes ) ) 2031 Notes ) ) Total ) ) 

Note 9: 
 new shares of the Company s common stock plus all shares of common stock that remained available for future grants under the First Internet Bancorp 2013 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2013 Plan ). 
 
 33 

million and million o f share-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, related to stock-based awards under the 2022 Plan. The Company recorded million and million o f share-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related to stock-based awards under the 2022 Plan . 
 
 Granted Cancelled/Forfeited ) Vested ) ) Unvested at September 30, 2024 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock-based awards under the 2022 Plan was million with a weighted-average expense recognition period of years. 

2013 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 The 2013 Plan authorized the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock in the form of stock-based awards to employees, directors, and other eligible persons. Although outstanding stock-based awards under the 2013 Plan remain in place according to their terms, our authority to grant new awards under the 2013 Plan terminated upon shareholder approval of the 2022 Plan. 
 
 Award Activity Under 2013 Plan 
 
 The Company recorded million and million of share-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, related to stock-based awards under the 2013 Plan . The Company recorded less than million and million of share-based compensation expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, related to stock-based awards under the 2013 Plan . 
 
 Cancelled/Forfeited ) Vested ) Unvested at September 30, 2024 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested stock-based awards under the 2013 Plan was million with a weighted-average expense recognition period of years. 
 
 34 

shares of common stock that could have been issued pursuant to the Directors Deferred Stock Plan. The plan provided directors the option to elect to receive up to of their annual retainer in either common stock or deferred stock rights. Deferred stock rights were to be settled in common stock following the end of the deferral period payable on the basis of one share of common stock for each deferred stock right. 
 
 Granted Outstanding, end of period 

Note 10: 
 million and million, respectively. 

Note 11: 
 35 

36 

Municipal securities Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential Asset-backed securities 
 Corporate securities Total available-for-sale securities Servicing asset Interest rate swap agreements Interest rate swap agreements - assets (back-to-back) Interest rate swap agreements - liabilities (back-to-back) ) ) 

December 31, 2023 Fair Value Measurements Using (in thousands) Fair Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) U.S. Government-sponsored agencies Municipal securities Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential Asset-backed securities 
 Corporate securities Total available-for-sale securities Servicing asset Interest rate swap agreements Interest rate swap agreements - assets (back-to-back) Interest rate swap agreements - liabilities (back-to-back) ) ) 
 
 37 

Total realized gains Additions: Originated Subtractions: Paydowns ) Change in fair value ) Balance, September 30, 2024 Balance as of July 1, 2023 Total realized gains Additions: Originated Subtractions: Paydowns ) Change in fair value Balance, September 30, 2023 
 
 Nine Months Ended (in thousands) Servicing Asset Interest Rate Lock Commitments Balance, January 1, 2024 Total realized gains Additions: Originated Subtractions: Paydowns ) Change in fair value ) Balance, September 30, 2024 Balance, January 1, 2023 Total realized gains Additions: Originated Subtractions: Paydowns ) Change in fair value ) Balance, September 30, 2023 

38 

December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Fair Value Measurements Using Fair Value Quoted Prices in Active Markets for Identical Assets (Level 1) Significant Other Observable Inputs (Level 2) Significant Unobservable Inputs (Level 3) Collateral dependent loans 
 
 Significant Unobservable (Level 3) Inputs 
 
 Fair value of collateral Discount for type of property and current market conditions - 
 Servicing asset Discounted cash flow Prepayment speeds Discount rate - 

39 

Fair value of collateral Discount for type of property and current market conditions - 
 Servicing asset Discounted cash flow Prepayment speeds Discount rate - 

The following methods were used to estimate the fair value of all other financial instruments recognized in the accompanying condensed consolidated balance sheets at amounts other than fair value. 
 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents 
 
 For these instruments, the carrying amount is a reasonable estimate of fair value. 
 
 Securities Held-to-Maturity 
 
 Where quoted market prices are available in an active market, securities are classified within Level 1 of the valuation hierarchy. Level 1 securities include highly liquid mutual funds. If quoted market prices are not available, then fair values are estimated by using pricing models, quoted prices of securities with similar characteristics or discounted cash flows. 
 
 Level 2 securities include agency mortgage-backed securities - residential, municipal securities and corporate securities. Matrix pricing is a mathematical technique widely used in the banking industry to value investment securities. 
 
 In certain cases where Level 1 or Level 2 inputs are not available, securities are classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy. Fair values are calculated using discounted cash flows. Discounted cash flows are calculated based off of the anticipated future cash flows updated to incorporate loss severities. Rating agency and industry research reports as well as default and deferral activity are reviewed and incorporated into the calculation. The Company did not own any securities classified within Level 3 of the hierarchy as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 Loans Held-for-Sale (best efforts pricing agreements) 
 
 The fair value of these loans approximates carrying value. 
 
 Loans 
 
 The fair value of loans is estimated on an exit price basis incorporating discounts for credit, liquidity and marketability factors. 
 
 Accrued Interest Receivable 
 
 The fair value of these financial instruments approximates carrying value. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis Stock 
 
 The fair value of this financial instrument approximates carrying value. 
 
 Deposits 
 The fair value of noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing demand deposits, savings and money market accounts approximates carrying value. The fair value of fixed maturity certificates of deposit and brokered deposits are estimated using rates currently offered for deposits of similar remaining maturities. 
 
 40 

Securities held-to-maturity, net Loans held-for-sale (best efforts pricing agreements) Net loans Accrued interest receivable Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis stock Deposits Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Subordinated debt Accrued interest payable 
 
 41 

Securities held-to-maturity Loans held-for-sale (best efforts pricing agreements) Net loans Accrued interest receivable Federal Home Loan Bank of Indianapolis stock Deposits Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank Subordinated debt Accrued interest payable 

Note 12: 
 
 mortgage loans held-for-sale or sold mortgage loans into the secondary market. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company had mortgage loans held-for-sale and sold mortgage loans into the secondary market. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company originated million of mortgage loans held-for-sale and sold million of mortgage loans, respectively, into the secondary market. During the first quarter 2023, the Company made the decision to exit the residential mortgage business. 
 
 Loss resulting from the change in fair value of loans held-for-sale ) Loss resulting from the change in fair value of derivatives ) Net revenue from mortgage banking activities 
 
 Fluctuations in interest rates and changes in IRLC and loan volume within the mortgage banking pipeline may cause volatility in the fair value of loans held-for-sale and the fair value of derivatives used to hedge the mortgage banking pipeline. 
 
 42 

Note 13: 
 ) ) 
 
 1 These amounts include the amortized cost basis of closed portfolios used to designate hedging relationships in which the hedged item is the last layer expected to be remaining at the end of the hedging relationship. The designated hedged items were million at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

43 

3-month SOFR Total swap portfolio at September 30, 2024 3-month SOFR 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 December 31, 2023 
 Notional Value Weighted- Average Remaining Maturity (years) Weighted-Average Ratio Instruments Associated With Fair Value Receive Pay Securities available-for-sale 3-month SOFR Total swap portfolio at December 31, 2023 3-month SOFR 
 
 In March 2021, the Company terminated the last layer of interest rate swaps associated with available-for-sale agency mortgage-backed securities - residential, which resulted in swap termination payments to counterparties totaling million. The corresponding fair value hedging adjustment was allocated pro-rata to the underlying hedged securities and is being amortized over the remaining lives of the designated securities. The Company had amortization expense totaling less than million for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, which was recognized as a reduction to interest income on securities. 
 
 In June 2020, the Company terminated all fair value hedging relationships associated with loans, which resulted in swap termination payments to counterparties totaling million. The corresponding loan fair value hedging adjustment as of the date of termination is being amortized over the remaining lives of the designated loans, which have a weighted average term to maturity of years as of September 30, 2024. The Company had amortization expense totaling million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30 2023, respectively, related to these previously terminated fair value hedges was recognized as a reduction to interest income on loans. 
 
 3-month SOFR 
 
 (dollars in thousands) 
 December 31, 2023 
 Notional Value Weighted- Average Remaining Maturity (years) Weighted-Average Ratio Cash Flow Hedges Fair Value Receive Pay Interest rate swaps 3-month SOFR Interest rate swaps Fed Funds Effective 
 
 These derivative financial instruments were entered into for the purpose of managing the interest rate risk of certain assets and liabilities. The Company received million and million of cash collateral from counterparties as security for their obligations related to these swap transactions at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Company had no pledged cash collateral as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 to counterparties on interest rate swap agreements as security for its obligations related to these agreements. Collateral posted and received is dependent on the market valuation of the underlying hedges. 
 
 44 

Interest rate swaps associated with liabilities Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Back-to-back swaps Total contracts 
 Liability Derivatives Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Back-to-back swaps ) ) Total contracts 
 ) ) 
 
 The fair value of interest rate swaps was estimated using a discounted cash flow method that incorporates current market interest rates as of the balance sheet date. 
 
 Back-to-back swaps consist of interest-rate swaps (a customer swap and an offsetting counterparty swap). As a result of this offsetting relationship, no net gains or losses are recognized in income. ) 
 
 ) Forward contracts ) 
 
 45 

Total interest income 
 Interest expense Deposits ) ) ) Other borrowed funds ) ) ) ) Total interest expense 
 ) ) ) ) Net interest income 

Note 14: ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss before tax ) Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings before tax Other comprehensive gain (loss) before tax ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) Other comprehensive gain (loss) - net of tax ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) Balance, January 1, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss before tax ) ) Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings before tax Other comprehensive (loss) gain before tax ) ) Income tax (benefit) provision ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) gain - net of tax ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 46 

) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss before tax ) Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings before tax Other comprehensive gain (loss) before tax ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) - net of tax ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) ) Balance, July 1, 2023 ) ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income before reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss before tax ) ) Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings before tax Other comprehensive (loss) gain before tax ) ) Income tax (benefit) provision ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income - net of tax ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 
 Details About Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Components Amounts Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss for the Amounts Reclassified from Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss for the Affected Line Item in the Statements of Operations Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss to earnings before tax ) ) ) ) Interest income Total amount reclassified before tax ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Tax benefit ) ) ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) Total reclassifications from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) Net income 
 47 

Note 15: 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and related notes appearing elsewhere in this report. This discussion and analysis includes certain forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. You should review the Risk Factors sections of this report and our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by such forward-looking statements. See also Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements at the beginning of this report. 
 
 Overview 
 
 First Internet Bancorp is a bank holding company headquartered in Fishers, Indiana that conducts its primary business activities through its wholly-owned subsidiary, First Internet Bank of Indiana (the Bank ), an Indiana chartered bank. The Bank was the first state-chartered, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC insured Internet bank and commenced banking operations in 1999. First Internet Bancorp was incorporated under the laws of the State of Indiana on September 15, 2005. On March 21, 2006, we consummated a plan of exchange by which we acquired all of the outstanding shares of the Bank. 
 
 The Bank has three wholly-owned subsidiaries: First Internet Public Finance Corp., an Indiana corporation that provides a range of public and municipal finance lending and leasing products to governmental entities throughout the United States and acquires securities issued by state and local governments and other municipalities; JKH Realty Services, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company that manages other real estate owned properties as needed; and SPF15, Inc., an Indiana corporation that owns real estate used primarily for the Bank s principal office. 
 
 48 

We offer a wide range of commercial, small business, consumer and municipal banking products and services. We conduct our consumer and small business deposit operations primarily through digital channels on a nationwide basis and have no traditional branch offices. Our consumer lending products are primarily originated on a nationwide basis through relationships with dealerships and financing partners. 
 
 Our commercial banking products and services are delivered through a relationship banking model or through strategic partnerships and include commercial and industrial C I ), construction and investor commercial real estate, single tenant lease financing, public finance, healthcare finance, small business lending, franchise finance and commercial deposits and treasury management. Our C I team provides credit solutions such as lines of credit, term loans, owner-occupied commercial real estate loans and corporate credit cards on a regional basis to commercial borrowers primarily in the Midwest and Southwest regions of the United States. We offer construction and investor commercial real estate loans, as well as single tenant lease financing, on a nationwide basis. Our public finance team provides a range of public and municipal lending and leasing products to government entities on a nationwide basis. Our healthcare finance team was established in conjunction with our strategic partnership with Provide, Inc. (formerly known as Lendeavor, Inc.), a San Francisco-based technology-enabled lender to healthcare practices, which provided lending on a nationwide basis for healthcare practice finance or acquisition, acquisition or refinancing of owner-occupied commercial real estate and equipment purchases. In the third quarter 2021, Provide was acquired by a super-regional financial institution. Subsequent to Provide being acquired, the acquiring institution has retained most, if not all, of Provide s loan origination activity and our healthcare finance loan balances have declined. Our franchise finance business was established in July 2021 in conjunction with our business relationship with ApplePie Capital, a company that specializes in providing financing to franchisees in various industry segments across the United States. Our commercial deposits and treasury management team works with the other commercial teams to provide deposit products and treasury management services to our commercial and municipal lending customers as well as pursues commercial deposit opportunities in business segments where we have no credit relationships. 
 
 We believe that we differentiate ourselves from larger financial institutions by providing a full suite of services to emerging small businesses and entrepreneurs on a nationwide basis. We are one of the fastest-growing lenders in the Small Business Administration SBA 7(a) program, closing 371.0 million in SBA 7(a) loans during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and ranked as the 8th largest SBA 7(a) lender for the SBA s 2024 fiscal year. We also offer a top-ranked small business checking account product to our country s entrepreneurs. We continue to scale up this business with the goal of driving increased earnings and profitability in future periods. 
 
 We also offer payment, deposit, card and lending products and services through partnerships with financial technology companies and platforms fintechs ). With the rapid evolution of technology that enables small businesses to manage their finances digitally, fintechs are addressing a significantly growing marketplace. Fintechs have created robust digital offerings, unburdened by legacy technology architecture, to address growing customer expectations. Through partnerships with selected fintechs, we believe our ability to win and retain small business relationships will be significantly enhanced. Furthermore, we believe partnering with select fintechs will allow us to further diversify our revenue sources, acquire deposits and pursue additional asset generation capabilities. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had consolidated assets of 5.8 billion, consolidated deposits of 4.8 billion and stockholders equity of 385.1 million. 
 
 49 

Results of Operations 
 
 During the third quarter 2024, net income was 7.0 million, or 0.80 diluted earnings per share, compared to net income of 3.4 million, or 0.39 diluted earnings per share, during the third quarter 2023, representing an increase in net income of 3.6 million, or 105.0 , and an increase in diluted earnings per share of 0.41, or 105.1 . During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, net income was 17.9 million, or 2.05 diluted earnings per share, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 net income of 4.3 million, or 0.48 per diluted share, resulting in an increase in net income of 13.7 million, or 319.9 , and an increase in diluted earnings per share of 1.57, or 327.1 . 
 
 The 3.6 million increase in net income for the third quarter 2024 compared to the third quarter 2023 was due primarily to a 4.6 million, or 62.4 , increase in noninterest income and a 4.4 million, or 25.2 , increase in net interest income, partially offset by increases of 3.0 million, or 15.4 , in noninterest expense, 1.4 million, or 74.2 , in the provision for credit losses and 0.9 million in income tax expense. 
 
 The 13.7 million increase in net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due primarily to a 12.7 million, or 67.7 , increase in noninterest income, an 8.7 million, or 15.8 , increase in net interest income and a 3.2 million, or 24.4 , decrease in provision for credit losses, partially offset by increases of 6.8 million, or 11.4 , in noninterest expense and 4.2 million in income tax expense. 
 
 During the third quarter 2024, return on average assets ROAA ), return on average shareholders equity ROAE ), and return on average tangible common equity ROATCE were 0.50 , 7.32 , and 7.41 , respectively, compared to 0.26 , 3.79 , and 3.84 , respectively, for the third quarter 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, ROAA, ROAE and ROATCE were 0.45 , 6.42 , and 6.51 , respectively, compared to 0.12 , 1.59 , and 1.61 , respectively, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized 0.5 million in IT termination fees and 0.1 million in anniversary expenses. Excluding these items, adjusted net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 18.4 million and adjusted diluted earnings per share was 2.10. Additionally, for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, adjusted ROAA, adjusted ROAE and adjusted ROATCE were 0.46 , 6.58 and 6.67 , respectively. 
 
 Due to the steep decline in consumer mortgage volumes and the negative outlook for consumer mortgage lending, the Company decided to exit its consumer mortgage business during the first quarter 2023. This included its nationwide digital direct-to-consumer mortgage platform that originated residential loans for sale in the secondary market, as well as its local traditional consumer mortgage and construction-to-permanent business. In connection with this decision, the Company recognized 3.1 million of mortgage operations and exit costs during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The Company also recognized 0.1 million of mortgage banking revenue during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Additionally, during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company recognized a partial charge-off of 6.9 million related to a commercial and industrial participation loan with a balance of 9.8 million, prior to the partial charge-off, that was moved to nonaccrual status late in the first quarter 2023. The Company received payment for the remaining balance of the participation loan during the second quarter 2023. 
 
 Excluding the impact of exiting consumer mortgage and the partial charge-off, adjusted net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was 12.1 million and adjusted diluted earnings per share was 1.35. Additionally, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, adjusted ROAA, adjusted ROAE and adjusted ROATCE were 0.34 , 4.50 and 4.56 , respectively 
 
 Refer to the Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of Part I, Item 2 of this report, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information. 
 50 

Consolidated Average Balance Sheets and Net Interest Income Analyses 
 
 For the periods presented, the following tables provide the average balances of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and the related yields and cost of funds. The tables do not reflect any effect of income taxes except for net interest margin - FTE, as discussed below. Balances are based on the average of daily balances. Nonaccrual loans are included in average loan balances. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest /Dividends Yield /Cost Average Balance Interest /Dividends Yield /Cost Average Balance Interest /Dividends Yield /Cost Assets Interest-earning assets Loans, including loans held-for-sale 4,029,360 59,792 5.90 3,936,723 57,094 5.83 3,701,072 48,898 5.24 Securities - taxable 713,992 6,953 3.87 670,502 6,476 3.88 550,208 4,301 3.10 Securities - non-taxable 78,417 1,042 5.29 74,035 970 5.27 72,012 912 5.02 Other earning assets 526,384 7,203 5.44 469,045 6,421 5.51 653,375 8,904 5.41 Total interest-earning assets 5,348,153 74,990 5.58 5,150,305 70,961 5.54 4,976,667 63,015 5.02 Allowance for credit losses - loans (44,572) (41,362) (35,601) Noninterest-earning assets 220,329 223,833 196,408 Total assets 5,523,910 5,332,776 5,137,474 Liabilities Interest-bearing liabilities Interest-bearing demand deposits 511,446 2,880 2.24 474,124 2,567 2.18 387,517 2,131 2.18 Savings accounts 22,774 48 0.84 22,987 48 0.84 26,221 56 0.85 Money market accounts 1,224,680 12,980 4.22 1,243,011 13,075 4.23 1,230,746 12,537 4.04 Fintech - brokered deposits 153,012 1,682 4.37 119,662 1,299 4.37 31,891 348 4.33 Certificates and brokered deposits 2,472,166 29,825 4.80 2,313,192 27,506 4.78 2,235,321 25,267 4.48 Total interest-bearing deposits 4,384,078 47,415 4.30 4,172,976 44,495 4.29 3,911,696 40,339 4.09 Other borrowed funds 620,032 5,810 3.73 652,176 5,139 3.17 719,655 5,298 2.92 Total interest-bearing liabilities 5,004,110 53,225 4.23 4,825,152 49,634 4.14 4,631,351 45,637 3.91 Noninterest-bearing deposits 113,009 116,939 127,540 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 26,730 20,860 21,882 Total liabilities 5,143,849 4,962,951 4,780,773 Shareholders equity 380,061 369,825 356,701 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 5,523,910 5,332,776 5,137,474 Net interest income 21,765 21,327 17,378 Interest rate spread 1 
 1.35 1.40 1.11 Net interest margin 2 
 1.62 1.67 1.39 Net interest margin - FTE 3 
 1.70 1.76 1.49 
 
 1 Yield on total interest-earning assets minus cost of total interest-bearing liabilities. 
 2 Net interest income divided by total average interest-earning assets (annualized). 
 3 On an FTE basis assuming a 21 tax rate. Net interest income is adjusted to reflect income from assets such as municipal loans and securities that are exempt from Federal income taxes. This is to recognize the income tax savings that facilitates a comparison between taxable and tax-exempt assets. The Company believes that it is a standard practice in the banking industry to present net interest margin and net interest income on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, as these measures provide useful information to make peer comparisons. Net interest margin - FTE represents a non-GAAP financial measure. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation of this measure to its most directly comparable GAAP measure. 
 
 51 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest /Dividends Yield /Cost Average Balance Interest /Dividends Yield /Cost Assets Interest-earning assets Loans, including loans held-for-sale 3,953,170 172,321 5.82 3,647,243 139,647 5.12 Securities - taxable 670,728 19,123 3.81 531,197 11,742 2.96 Securities - non-taxable 76,257 2,981 5.22 72,829 2,570 4.72 Other earning assets 476,697 19,691 5.52 499,835 19,211 5.14 Total interest-earning assets 5,176,852 214,116 5.52 4,751,104 173,170 4.87 Allowance for credit losses - loans (41,526) (35,784) Noninterest-earning assets 220,165 190,590 Total assets 5,355,491 4,905,910 Liabilities Interest-bearing liabilities Interest-bearing demand deposits 467,054 7,538 2.16 360,573 4,540 1.68 Savings accounts 22,760 144 0.85 31,494 202 0.86 Money market accounts 1,228,538 38,727 4.21 1,293,728 37,151 3.84 Fintech - brokered deposits 119,470 3,912 4.37 23,246 716 4.12 Certificates and brokered deposits 2,344,272 83,718 4.77 1,971,705 59,676 4.05 Total interest-bearing deposits 4,182,094 134,039 4.28 3,680,746 102,285 3.72 Other borrowed funds 662,824 16,251 3.28 719,577 15,788 2.93 Total interest-bearing liabilities 4,844,918 150,290 4.14 4,400,323 118,073 3.59 Noninterest-bearing deposits 114,425 126,647 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 23,037 19,535 Total liabilities 4,982,380 4,546,505 Shareholders equity 373,111 359,405 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 5,355,491 4,905,910 Net interest income 63,826 55,097 Interest rate spread 1 
 1.38 1.28 Net interest margin 2 
 1.65 1.55 Net interest margin - FTE 3 
 1.74 1.66 
 
 1 Yield on total interest-earning assets minus cost of total interest-bearing liabilities. 
 2 Net interest income divided by total average interest-earning assets (annualized). 
 3 On an FTE basis assuming a 21 tax rate. Net interest income is adjusted to reflect income from assets such as municipal loans and securities that are exempt from Federal income taxes. This is to recognize the income tax savings that facilitates a comparison between taxable and tax-exempt assets. The Company believes that it is a standard practice in the banking industry to present net interest margin and net interest income on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, as these measures provide useful information to make peer comparisons. Net interest margin - FTE represents a non-GAAP financial measure. See Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation of this measure to its most directly comparable GAAP measure. 

52 

Rate/Volume Analysis 
 
 The following table illustrates the impact of changes in the volume of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities and interest rates on net interest income for the periods indicated. The change in interest not due solely to volume or rate has been allocated in proportion to the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. June 30, 2024 Due to Changes in Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. September 30, 2023 Due to Changes in Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs. September 30, 2023 Due to Changes in (in thousands) Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net Volume Rate Net Interest income Loans, including loans held-for-sale 1,786 912 2,698 4,502 6,392 10,894 12,423 20,251 32,674 Securities taxable 588 (111) 477 1,446 1,206 2,652 3,526 3,855 7,381 Securities non-taxable 68 4 72 81 49 130 127 284 411 Other earning assets 1,303 (521) 782 (2,035) 334 (1,701) (1,278) 1,758 480 Total 3,745 284 4,029 3,994 7,981 11,975 14,798 26,148 40,946 Interest expense Interest-bearing deposits 2,791 129 2,920 4,965 2,111 7,076 15,084 16,670 31,754 Other borrowed funds (1,447) 2,118 671 (3,711) 4,223 512 (1,819) 2,282 463 Total 1,344 2,247 3,591 1,254 6,334 7,588 13,265 18,952 32,217 Increase in net interest income 2,401 (1,963) 438 2,740 1,647 4,387 1,533 7,196 8,729 
 
 Net interest income for the third quarter 2024 was 21.8 million, an increase of 4.4 million, or 25.2 , compared to 17.4 million for the third quarter 2023. The increase in net interest income was the result of a 12.0 million, or 19.0 , increase in total interest income to 75.0 million for the third quarter 2024 from 63.0 million for the third quarter 2023, partially offset by a 7.6 million, or 16.6 , increase in total interest expense to 53.2 million for the third quarter 2024 from 45.6 million for the third quarter 2023. 
 
 Net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 63.8 million, an increase of 8.7 million, or 15.8 , compared to 55.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in net interest income was the result of a 40.9 million, or 23.6 , increase in total interest income to 214.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 173.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in total interest income was partially offset by a 32.2 million, or 27.3 , increase in total interest expense to 150.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 118.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The increase in total interest income for the third quarter 2024 compared to third quarter 2023 was due primarily to an increase in interest earned on loans, resulting from an increase of 66 bps in the yield earned on loans, including loans held-for-sale, as well as an increase of 328.3 million, or 8.9 , in the average balance of loans, including loans held-for-sale. Additionally, the average balance of securities increased 170.2 million, or 27.4 , and the yield earned on the securities portfolio increased 69 bps for the third quarter 2024 compared to the third quarter 2023. The increase in the yields earned on loans and securities was due to the impact of the continued elevated interest rate environment on existing interest-earning assets. The yield on funded portfolio loan originations was 8.85 for the third quarter 2024, a decrease of 7 bps compared to the third quarter 2023. 
 
 The increase in total interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due primarily to an increase in interest earned on loans resulting from an increase of 70 bps in the yield earned on loans, including loans held-for-sale, as well as an increase of 305.9 million, or 8.4 , in the average balance of loans, including loans held-for-sale. Additionally, the average balance of securities increased 143.0 million, or 23.7 , and the yield earned on the securities portfolio increased 78 bps for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Furthermore, the yield on other earning assets increased 38 bps, partially offset by a 23.1 million, or 4.6 , decrease in the average balance of other earning assets. The increase in the yield earned on loans, securities and other earning assets was due to the impact of the continued elevated interest rate environment on both existing and newly-originated interest-earning assets. The yield on funded portfolio loan originations was 8.85 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 56 bps compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 53 

The increase in total interest expense for the third quarter 2024 compared to the third quarter 2023 was due primarily to increases of 4.6 million, or 18.0 , in interest expense associated with certificates and brokered deposits, 1.3 million, or 383.3 , in interest expense associated with fintech - brokered deposits and 0.7 million, or 35.1 , in interest expense associated with interest-bearing demand deposits. The increase in interest expense related to certificates and brokered deposits was driven by an increase of 32 bps in the cost of these deposits, as well as an increase of 236.8 million, or 10.6 , in the average balance of these deposits. The increase in the average balance of these deposits was driven by strong consumer and small business demand for certificates of deposits, partially offset by lower brokered deposit balances as the Company used on-balance sheet liquidity to pay down higher-cost balances throughout 2023 and 2024. The increase in interest expense related to fintech - brokered deposits was driven by an increase of 4 bps in the cost of these deposits, as well as an increase of 121.1 million, or 379.8 , in the average balance of these deposits. The increase in interest expense related to interest-bearing demand deposits was driven by an increase of 6 bps in the cost of these deposits, as well as an increase of 123.9 million, or 32.0 , in the average balance of these deposits. The increase in the cost of funds reflects the impact of the continued elevated interest rate environment throughout 2023 and 2024. 
 
 The increase in total interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was due primarily to increases of 24.0 million, or 40.3 , in interest expense associated with certificates and brokered deposits, 3.2 million, or 446.4 , in interest expense associated with fintech - brokered deposits, 3.0 million, or 66.0 , in interest expense associated with interest-bearing demand deposits, and 1.6 million, or 4.2 , in interest expense associated with money market accounts. The increase in interest expense related to certificates and brokered deposits was driven by an increase of 72 bps in the cost of these deposits, as well as an increase of 372.6 million, or 18.9 , in the average balance of these deposits. The increase in the average balance of these deposits was driven by strong consumer and small business demand for certificates of deposits in 2024, partially offset by lower brokered deposit balances as the Company used on-balance sheet liquidity to pay down higher-cost balances throughout 2023 and 2024. The increase in interest expense related to interest-bearing demand deposits was due primarily to a 48 bp increase in the cost of these deposits, as well as an increase of 106.5 million, or 29.5 , in the average balance of these deposits. The increase in interest expense related to fintech - brokered deposits was driven primarily by an increase of 25 bps in the cost of these deposits, as well as an increase of 96.2 million, or 413.9 , in the average balance of these deposits. The increase in interest expense related to money market accounts was driven primarily by an increase of 37 bps in the cost of these deposits, partially offset by a decrease of 65.2 million, or 5.0 , in the average balance of these deposits. The increase in the cost of funds reflects the impact of the continued elevated interest rate environment throughout 2023 and 2024. 
 
 Overall, the cost of total interest-bearing liabilities for the third quarter 2024 increased 32 bps to 4.23 from 3.91 for the third quarter 2023. The cost of total interest-bearing liabilities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 55 bps to 4.14 from 3.59 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in the cost of funds for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 reflects the impact of the continued elevated interest rate environment throughout 2023 and 2024. 
 
 Net interest margin NIM was 1.62 for the third quarter 2024 compared to 1.39 for the third quarter 2023, an increase of 23 bps. On a fully-taxable equivalent FTE basis, NIM was 1.70 for the third quarter 2024 compared to 1.49 for the third quarter 2023, an increase of 21 bps. NIM was 1.65 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.55 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 10 bps. FTE NIM was 1.74 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 1.66 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, an increase of 8 bps. 
 
 The increase in the third quarter 2024 NIM and FTE NIM compared to the third quarter 2023 reflects the increase in earning asset yields noted above outpacing the increase in the cost of interest-bearing liabilities. The increase in NIM and FTE NIM for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 reflects the decelerating pace of increase in the cost of interest-bearing deposits and the Company s focus on shifting the loan composition towards variable rate and higher-yielding products. 
 
 54 

Noninterest Income 
 
 The following table presents noninterest income for the last five completed fiscal quarters and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Service charges and fees 245 246 220 216 208 711 635 Loan servicing revenue 1,570 1,470 1,323 1,134 1,064 4,363 2,699 Loan servicing asset revaluation (846) (829) (434) (793) (257) (2,109) (670) Mortgage banking activities 76 Gain on sale of loans 9,933 8,292 6,536 6,028 5,569 24,761 14,498 Other 1,127 1,854 702 816 823 3,683 1,486 Total noninterest income 12,029 11,033 8,347 7,401 7,407 31,409 18,724 
 
 During the third quarter 2024, noninterest income was 12.0 million, representing an increase of 4.6 million, or 62.4 , compared to 7.4 million for the third quarter 2023. The increase in noninterest income was due primarily to increases in gain on sale of loans and other income, partially offset by a decrease in net loan servicing revenue. The increase of 4.4 million, or 78.4 , in gain on sale of loans was due primarily to an increase in U.S. Small Business Administration SBA 7(a) guaranteed loan sales. The increase of 0.3 million, or 36.9 , in other income was due primarily to distributions from fund investments. The decrease in net loan servicing was due to the fair value adjustment to the loan servicing asset. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, noninterest income was 31.4 million, an increase of 12.7 million, or 67.7 , compared to 18.7 million for the nine month ended September 30, 2023. The increase in noninterest income was due primarily to increases in gain on sale of loans, other income and net loan servicing revenue. The increase of 10.3 million, or 70.8 , in gain on sale of loans was due primarily to an increase in SBA 7(a) guaranteed loan sales. The increase of 2.2 million, or 147.8 , in other income was due primarily to distributions from fund investments. The increase in net loan servicing revenue was due to growth in the balance of the Company s SBA 7 (a) servicing portfolio, partially offset by the fair value adjustment to the loan servicing asset. 
 
 Noninterest Expense 
 
 The following table presents noninterest expense for the last five completed fiscal quarters and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Salaries and employee benefits 13,456 12,462 11,796 11,055 11,767 37,714 34,267 Marketing, advertising and promotion 548 609 736 518 500 1,893 2,049 Consulting and professional services 902 1,022 853 893 552 2,777 2,189 Data processing 675 606 564 493 701 1,845 1,880 Loan expenses 1,524 1,597 1,445 1,371 1,336 4,566 4,385 Premises and equipment 2,918 3,154 2,826 2,846 2,315 8,898 7,753 Deposit insurance premium 1,219 1,172 1,145 1,334 1,067 3,536 2,546 Other 1,552 1,714 1,658 1,546 1,518 4,924 4,311 Total noninterest expense 22,794 22,336 21,023 20,056 19,756 19756000 66,153 59,380 
 
 55 

Noninterest expense for the third quarter 2024 was 22.8 million, compared to 19.8 million for the third quarter 2023. The increase of 3.0 million, or 15.4 , was due primarily to increases of 1.7 million in salaries and employee benefits, 0.6 million in premises and equipment, 0.4 million in consulting and professional fees, 0.2 million in loan expenses, and 0.2 million in deposit insurance premium. The increase in salaries and employee benefits was due primarily to higher small business lending incentive compensation, as well as staff additions in small business lending and risk management. The increase in premises and equipment was due primarily to property taxes, as well as software maintenance expense. The increase in consulting and professional fees was due primarily to increased consulting and audit fees. The increase in loan expenses was due primarily to higher third-party loan servicing fees and other miscellaneous lending costs. The increase in deposit insurance premium was due to asset growth and changes in the composition of the loan and deposit portfolios. 
 
 Noninterest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 66.2 million, compared to 59.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase of 6.8 million, or 11.4 , was due primarily to increases of 3.4 million in salaries and employee benefits, 1.1 million in premises and equipment, 1.0 million in deposit insurance premium, 0.6 million in other expenses and 0.6 million in consulting and professional fees. In the first quarter 2023, the Company incurred 2.2 million in severance costs as a result of its decision to exit the mortgage business. In the second quarter 2024, the Company incurred 0.1 million in non-recurring anniversary expenses. Excluding these costs, salaries and employee benefits increased 6.4 million, or 20.4 . The increase in salaries and employee benefits was due primarily to higher small business lending incentive compensation and staff additions in small business lending and risk management, as well as higher incentive compensation accruals based on the increase in net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in premises and equipment was due primarily to non-recurring IT termination fees, property taxes and software maintenance expense. The increase in deposit insurance premium was due primarily to year-over-year asset growth and changes in the composition of the loan and deposit portfolios. The increase in other expenses was due primarily to various expenses, none of which were individually significant. The increase in consulting and professional fees was due primarily to increased consulting and audit fees. 
 
 The Company recorded an income tax provision of 0.6 million and an effective tax rate of 8.1 for the third quarter 2024, compared to an income tax benefit of 0.3 million for the third quarter 2023. The Company recorded an income tax provision of 1.3 million and an effective tax rate of 6.6 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to an income tax benefit of 2.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The income tax benefits recognized during 2023 reflect the benefit of tax exempt income relative to stated pre-tax income, as well as the impact on pre-tax income from mortgage exit costs and the partial charge-off of a commercial and industrial participation loan during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

Financial Condition 
 
 The following table presents summary balance sheet data for the last five completed fiscal quarters. 
 
 (in thousands) Balance Sheet Data: September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Total assets 5,823,259 5,343,302 5,340,667 5,167,572 5,169,023 Loans 4,035,880 3,961,146 3,909,804 3,840,220 3,735,068 Total securities 838,577 758,921 718,169 702,008 682,755 Loans held-for-sale 32,996 19,384 22,589 22,052 31,669 Noninterest-bearing deposits 111,591 126,438 130,760 123,464 125,265 Interest-bearing deposits 4,686,119 4,147,484 4,143,008 3,943,509 3,958,280 Total deposits 4,797,710 4,273,922 4,273,768 4,066,973 4,083,545 Advances from Federal Home Loan Bank 515,000 575,000 574,936 614,934 614,933 Total shareholders equity 385,129 371,953 366,739 362,795 347,744 
 
 Total assets increased 655.7 million, or 12.7 , to 5.8 billion at September 30, 2024 compared to 5.2 billion at December 31, 2023. The increase was due primarily to increases in cash balances, securities and loans. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, total shareholders equity was 385.1 million, an increase of 22.3 million, or 6.2 , compared to December 31, 2023. The increase in shareholders equity was due primarily to the net income earned during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and a decrease in accumulated other comprehensive loss, as unrealized losses on securities decreased during 2024. Tangible common equity totaled 380.4 million as of September 30, 2024, representing an 
 56 

increase of 22.3 million, or 6.2 , compared to December 31, 2023. The ratio of total shareholders equity to total assets decreased to 6.61 as of September 30, 2024 from 7.02 as of December 31, 2023, and the ratio of tangible common equity to tangible assets decreased to 6.54 as of September 30, 2024 from 6.94 as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Book value per common share increased 5.9 to 44.43 as of September 30, 2024 from 41.97 as of December 31, 2023. Tangible book value per share increased 5.9 to 43.89 as of September 30, 2024 from 41.43 as of December 31, 2023. The increase in both book value per common share and tangible book value per share was driven primarily by the increases in total shareholders equity and tangible common equity. Refer to the Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures section of Part I, Item 2 of this report, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations for additional information. 
 
 57 

Loan Portfolio Analysis 
 
 The following table presents a summary of the Company s loan portfolio for the last five completed fiscal quarters. 
 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Commercial loans Commercial and industrial 111,199 2.8 115,585 2.9 133,897 3.4 129,349 3.4 114,265 3.1 Owner-occupied commercial real estate 56,461 1.4 58,089 1.5 57,787 1.5 57,286 1.5 58,486 1.6 Investor commercial real estate 260,614 6.5 188,409 4.8 128,276 3.3 132,077 3.4 129,831 3.5 Construction 340,954 8.4 328,922 8.3 325,597 8.3 261,750 6.8 252,105 6.7 Single tenant lease financing 932,148 23.1 927,462 23.4 941,597 24.1 936,616 24.4 933,873 25.0 Public finance 462,730 11.5 486,200 12.3 498,262 12.7 521,764 13.6 535,960 14.3 Healthcare finance 190,287 4.7 202,079 5.1 213,332 5.5 222,793 5.8 235,622 6.3 Small business lending 298,645 7.4 270,129 6.8 239,263 6.1 218,506 5.7 192,996 5.2 Franchise finance 550,442 13.6 551,133 13.9 543,122 13.9 525,783 13.7 455,094 12.2 Total commercial loans 3,203,480 79.4 3,128,008 79.0 3,081,133 78.8 3,005,924 78.3 2,908,232 77.9 Consumer loans Residential mortgage 378,701 9.4 382,549 9.7 390,009 10.0 395,648 10.3 393,501 10.5 Home equity 20,264 0.5 21,405 0.5 22,753 0.6 23,669 0.6 23,544 0.6 Other consumer 404,388 10.0 396,527 10.0 380,675 9.7 377,614 9.8 369,451 9.9 Total consumer loans 803,353 19.9 800,481 20.2 793,437 20.3 796,931 20.7 786,496 21.0 Net deferred loan origination costs, premiums and discounts on purchased loans and other 1 
 29,047 0.7 32,657 0.8 35,234 0.9 37,365 1.0 40,340 1.1 Total loans 4,035,880 100.0 3,961,146 100.0 3,909,804 100.0 3,840,220 100.0 3,735,068 100.0 Allowance for credit losses - loans (45,721) (43,405) (40,891) (38,774) (36,452) Net loans 3,990,159 3,917,741 3,868,913 3,801,446 3,698,616 
 
 1 Includes carrying value adjustments of 24.1 million, 25.6 million, 26.9 million, 27.8 million and 29.0 million related to terminated interest rate swaps associated with public finance loans as of September 30, 2024, June 30, 2024, March 31, 2024, December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Total loans were 4.0 billion as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 195.7 million, or 5.1 , compared to December 31, 2023. Total commercial loan balances were 3.2 billion as of September 30, 2024, up 197.6 million, or 6.6 , from December 31, 2023. Total consumer loan balances were 803.4 million as of September 30, 2024, an increase of 6.4 million, or 0.8 , compared to December 31, 2023. Compared to December 31, 2023, in connection with the Company s focus on variable rate and higher-yielding products, the increase in commercial loan balances was driven by growth in the investor commercial real estate, small business lending, construction, and franchise finance portfolios. These increases were partially offset by decreases in the public finance and single tenant lease financing portfolios, as well as continued runoff in the healthcare finance portfolio. Additionally, commercial and industrial balances declined due primarily to early payoffs. The slight increase in consumer loan balances was due primarily to new origination activity in the other consumer loans portfolios, partially offset by a decrease in the residential mortgage portfolio. 
 58 

Asset Quality 
 
 Nonperforming loans are comprised of nonaccrual loans and loans 90 days past due and accruing. Nonperforming assets include nonperforming loans, other real estate owned and other nonperforming assets, which consist of repossessed assets. The following table provides a summary of the Company s nonperforming assets for the last five completed fiscal quarters. 
 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Nonaccrual loans Commercial loans: Owner-occupied commercial real estate Small business lending 1 
 11,364 10,246 9,532 6,824 4,443 Franchise finance 6,515 295 303 Total commercial loans 17,879 10,246 9,827 7,127 4,443 Consumer loans: Residential mortgage 3,169 2,117 2,309 1,911 1,354 Other consumer 16 54 129 86 88 Total consumer loans 3,185 2,171 2,438 1,997 1,442 Total nonaccrual loans 21,064 12,417 12,265 9,124 5,885 Past Due 90 days and accruing loans Commercial loans: Small business lending 61 Franchise finance 785 556 230 Total commercial loans 846 556 230 Consumer loans: Residential mortgage 568 555 838 Other consumer 5 Total consumer loans 568 5 555 838 Total past due 90 days and accruing loans 1,414 561 785 838 Total nonperforming loans 
 22,478 12,978 13,050 9,962 5,885 Other real estate owned Residential mortgage 251 375 375 106 Total other real estate owned 251 375 375 106 Other nonperforming assets 215 77 17 78 Total nonperforming assets 22,944 13,055 13,425 10,354 6,069 Total nonperforming loans to total loans 2 
 0.56 0.33 0.33 0.26 0.16 Total nonperforming assets to total assets 2 
 0.57 0.24 0.25 0.20 0.12 Allowance for credit losses - loans to total loans 1.13 1.10 1.05 1.01 0.98 Nonaccrual loans to total loans 0.52 0.31 0.31 0.24 0.16 Allowance for credit losses - loans to nonaccrual loans 2 
 217.1 349.6 333.4 425.0 619.4 Allowance for credit losses - loans to nonperforming loans 2 
 203.4 334.5 313.3 389.2 619.4 
 1 Balance of loans are partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
 2 Includes the impact of nonperforming small business lending loans, which are partially guaranteed by the U.S. government. 
 
 Total nonperforming loans increased 12.5 million, or 125.6 , to 22.5 million as of September 30, 2024 compared to 10.0 million as of December 31, 2023 due primarily to an increase in nonperforming loans in franchise finance and small business lending during the year. Total nonperforming assets increased 12.6 million, or 121.6 , to 22.9 million as of 
 59 

September 30, 2024, compared to 10.4 million as of December 31, 2023, due primarily to the increase in nonperforming loans in franchise finance and small business lending mentioned above. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had one residential mortgage property in OREO with a carrying value of 0.3 million. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had two residential mortgage properties in OREO with a carrying value of 0.4 million 

60 

Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans 
 
 The following table provides a rollforward of the allowance for credit losses for the last five completed fiscal quarters and the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Balance, beginning of period 43,405 40,891 38,774 36,452 36,058 38,774 31,737 Adoption of ASU 2016-13 (CECL) 2,962 Balance, beginning of period 43,405 40,891 38,774 36,452 36,058 38,774 34,699 Provision charged to expense 3,858 3,920 2,582 3,478 1,850 10,360 11,976 Losses charged off Commercial and industrial 6,965 Investor commercial real estate 591 591 Single tenant lease financing 195 195 Healthcare finance 580 25 Small business lending 1,309 573 289 417 751 2,171 2,169 Franchise finance 577 577 331 Residential mortgage 17 69 84 56 86 56 Other consumer 425 160 175 164 120 760 502 Total losses charged off 1,751 1,505 533 1,245 1,518 3,789 10,639 Recoveries Commercial and industrial 3 2 2 23 2 7 220 Small business lending 169 65 40 23 14 274 54 Residential mortgage 1 1 1 1 4 Home equity 3 1 2 1 2 6 5 Other consumer 34 31 23 41 43 88 133 Total recoveries 209 99 68 89 62 376 416 Balance, end of period 45,721 43,405 40,891 38,774 36,452 45,721 36,452 Net charge-offs 1,542 1,406 465 1,156 1,456 3,413 10,223 Net charge-offs (recoveries) to average loans (annualized) Commercial and industrial (0.01 0.00 (0.01 (0.02 0.00 (0.01 9.26 Investor commercial real estate 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.59 0.00 0.63 Single tenant lease financing 0.00 0.04 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.03 0.00 Healthcare finance 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.25 0.00 0.00 0.01 Small business lending 0.48 0.37 0.40 0.17 0.50 0.90 1.61 Franchise finance 0.00 0.21 0.00 0.00 0.00 0.14 0.11 Total commercial net charge-offs 0.05 0.08 0.03 0.03 0.06 0.11 0.46 Residential mortgage 0.02 0.00 0.07 0.08 0.06 0.03 0.02 Home equity (0.02 (0.01 (0.03 0.00 (0.01 (0.04 (0.03 Other consumer 0.46 0.20 0.21 0.22 0.18 0.29 0.25 Total consumer net charge-offs 0.07 0.03 0.11 0.03 0.02 0.13 0.07 Total net charge-offs to average loans 0.15 0.14 0.05 0.12 0.16 0.12 0.38 
 61 

The allowance for credit losses - loans ACL was 45.7 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 38.8 million as of December 31, 2023. The increase in the ACL reflects growth and higher coverage ratios in certain portfolios, as well as additional reserves for nonperforming small business lending and franchise finance loans, partially offset by the impact of economic data on forecasted loss rates and qualitative factors for other portfolios. The ACL as a percentage of total loans was 1.13 at September 30, 2024, compared to 1.01 at December 31, 2023. The ACL as a percentage of nonperforming loans decreased to 203.4 as of September 30, 2024, compared to 389.2 as of December 31, 2023, due primarily to the increase in nonperforming loans in small business lending and franchise finance. 
 
 Net charge-offs of 1.5 million were recognized during the third quarter 2024, resulting in net charge-offs to average loans of 0.15 , compared to net charge-offs of 1.5 million, or 0.16 of average loans, for the third quarter 2023. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded net charge-offs of 3.4 million, compared to net charge-offs of 10.2 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in net charge-offs for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was driven primarily by a 6.9 million partial charge-off of a C I participation loan that was placed on nonaccrual status and charged off during the first quarter 2023. 
 
 The provision for credit losses - loans in the third quarter 2024 was 3.9 million, compared to 1.9 million for the third quarter 2023. The increase in the provision for credit losses - loans for the third quarter 2024 was driven primarily by growth and higher coverage ratios in certain loan portfolios, as well as additional reserves related to small business lending and franchise finance loans, partially offset by the impact of economic data on forecasted loss rates and qualitative factors on other portfolios. 
 
 62 

Investment Securities Portfolio 
 
 The following tables present the amortized cost and approximate fair value of our investment securities portfolio by security type for the last five completed fiscal quarters. 
 
 (in thousands) Amortized Cost September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Securities available-for-sale U.S. Government-sponsored agencies 88,990 88,694 93,323 96,404 98,594 Municipal securities 67,399 68,057 69,289 69,494 69,031 Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential 290,213 262,758 253,181 237,798 235,468 Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial 65,772 37,986 39,367 40,215 37,931 Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential 34,971 26,709 23,307 21,742 20,292 Asset-backed securities 18,318 8,383 7,417 8,071 6,713 Corporate securities 40,059 37,070 37,081 39,591 39,603 Total available-for-sale 605,722 529,657 522,965 513,315 507,632 Securities held-to-maturity, net carrying value Municipal securities 12,856 13,368 13,381 13,889 13,900 Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential 207,878 213,440 178,800 166,750 170,524 Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial 5,722 5,738 5,752 5,767 5,782 Corporate securities 36,864 37,803 37,805 40,747 41,722 Total held-to-maturity, net carrying value 263,320 270,349 235,738 227,153 231,928 Total securities 869,042 800,006 758,703 740,468 739,560 
 
 (in thousands) Approximate Fair Value September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Securities available-for-sale U.S. Government-sponsored agencies 88,316 87,746 92,101 95,177 97,178 Municipal securities 65,423 64,412 67,415 68,446 62,772 Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential 265,853 230,045 220,484 206,649 193,096 Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial 64,934 36,891 38,081 38,885 36,163 Private label mortgage-backed securities - residential 34,536 25,631 22,266 20,779 18,576 Asset-backed securities 18,341 8,429 7,459 8,081 6,703 Corporate securities 37,854 35,418 34,625 36,838 36,339 Total available-for-sale 575,257 488,572 482,431 474,855 450,827 Securities held-to-maturity Municipal securities 12,247 12,326 12,450 13,040 12,449 Agency mortgage-backed securities - residential 197,298 195,337 161,915 152,642 147,412 Agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial 4,898 4,699 4,560 4,521 4,190 Corporate securities 35,175 35,068 35,295 37,369 37,599 Total held-to-maturity 249,618 247,430 214,220 207,572 201,650 Total securities 824,875 736,002 696,651 682,427 652,477 
 
 The approximate fair value of available-for-sale investment securities increased 100.4 million, or 21.1 , to 575.3 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 474.9 million as of December 31, 2023. The increase was due primarily to increases of 59.2 million in agency mortgage-backed securities - residential, 26.0 million in agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial, 13.8 million in private label mortgage-backed securities - residential and 10.3 million in asset-backed securities, partially offset by a decrease of 6.9 million in U.S. Government-sponsored agencies. This increase was 
 63 

caused primarily by new purchase activity within certain available-for-sale portfolios, partially offset by net paydown activity. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had securities with a net carrying value of 263.3 million designated as held-to-maturity, compared to 227.2 million as of December 31, 2023. The increase was due primarily to purchases of CRA-eligible agency mortgage-backed securities - residential. 
 
 Accrued Income and Other Assets 
 
 Accrued income and other assets increased 9.0 million, or 17.6 , to 60.1 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 51.1 million at December 31, 2023. The increase was due primarily to increases of 11.1 million in equity investments and 4.1 million in income tax receivable, partially offset by a decrease of 5.8 million in deferred tax assets. 
 
 Accrued Expenses and Other Liabilities 
 
 Accrued expenses and other liabilities increased 3.4 million, or 23.7 , to 17.5 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 14.2 million at December 31, 2023. The increase was due primarily to increases of 1.9 million in accrued salary and benefits, and 1.5 million in other various expenses and liabilities. 
 
 Deposits 
 
 The following table presents the composition of the Company s deposit base for the last five completed fiscal quarters. 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Noninterest-bearing deposits 111,591 2.3 126,438 3.0 130,760 3.1 123,464 3.0 125,265 3.1 Interest-bearing demand deposits 538,484 11.2 480,141 11.2 423,529 9.9 402,976 9.9 374,915 9.2 Savings accounts 21,712 0.5 22,619 0.5 23,554 0.6 21,364 0.5 23,811 0.6 Money market accounts 1,230,707 25.7 1,222,197 28.6 1,251,230 29.2 1,248,319 30.8 1,222,511 29.9 Fintech - brokered deposits 211,814 4.4 140,180 3.3 107,911 2.5 74,401 1.8 41,884 1.0 Certificates of deposits 2,110,618 44.0 1,829,644 42.8 1,738,996 40.7 1,605,156 39.5 1,624,447 39.8 Brokered deposits 572,784 11.9 452,703 10.6 597,788 14.0 591,293 14.5 670,712 16.4 Total deposits 4,797,710 100.0 4,273,922 100.0 4,273,768 100.0 4,066,973 100.0 4,083,545 100.0 
 
 Total deposits increased 730.7 million, or 18.0 , to 4.8 billion as of September 30, 2024, compared to 4.1 billion as of December 31, 2023. The increase was due primarily to increases of 505.5 million, or 31.5 , in certificates of deposits, 137.4 million, or 184.7 , in fintech - brokered deposits and 135.5 million, or 33.6 in interest-bearing demand deposits, partially offset by decreases of 18.5 million, or 3.1 , in brokered deposits, 17.6 million, or 1.4 , in money market accounts and 11.9 million, or 9.6 , in noninterest-bearing deposits. The increase in certificates of deposits was due primarily to strong consumer and small business demand throughout 2024. The increase in fintech - brokered deposits was driven by higher payments volumes from our fintech partners. The increase in interest-bearing demand deposits was due primarily to growth in fintech partnership deposits. Using liquidity created by the growth in these deposit channels, the Company was able to pay down higher-cost brokered deposits during 2024. 
 
 Uninsured deposit balances represented 24 of total deposits at September 30, 2024, down from 25 at December 31, 2023. These balances include Indiana-based municipal deposits, which are insured by the Indiana Board for Depositories, as well as larger balance accounts under contractual agreements that only allow withdrawal under certain conditions. After subtracting these types of deposits, the adjusted uninsured deposit balance drops to 19 at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by state and federal banking agencies. Capital adequacy guidelines and, additionally for banks, prompt corrective action regulations, involve quantitative measures of assets, liabilities, and certain off-balance-sheet items calculated under regulatory accounting practices. Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by regulators about components, risk weighting and other factors. 
 
 64 

The Basel III Capital Rules became effective for the Company and the Bank on January 1, 2015, subject to a phase-in period for certain provisions. Quantitative measures established by the Basel III Capital Rules to ensure capital adequacy require the maintenance of minimum amounts and ratios of Common Equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and Total capital, as defined in the regulations, to risk-weighted assets, and of Tier 1 capital to adjusted quarterly average assets Leverage Ratio ). 
 
 The Basel III Capital Rules were fully phased in on January 1, 2019 and require the Company and the Bank to maintain: 1) a minimum ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 4.5 , plus a 2.5 capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum ratio of Common Equity Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 7.0 ); 2) a minimum ratio of Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets of 6.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 ); 3) a minimum ratio of Total capital to risk-weighted assets of 8.0 , plus the capital conservation buffer (resulting in a minimum Total capital ratio of 10.5 ); and 4) a minimum Leverage Ratio of 4.0 . 
 
 The capital conservation buffer is designed to absorb losses during periods of economic stress. Failure to maintain the minimum Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio plus the capital conservation buffer will result in potential restrictions on a banking institution s ability to pay dividends, repurchase stock and/or pay discretionary compensation to its employees. 
 
 The following tables present actual and required capital ratios as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 for the Company and the Bank under the Basel III Capital Rules. The minimum required capital amounts presented include the minimum required capital levels as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, which are based on the Basel III Capital Rules. Capital levels required to be considered well capitalized are based upon prompt corrective action regulations, as amended to reflect the changes under the Basel III Capital Rules. 
 As permitted by the federal banking regulatory agencies, the Company elected the option to delay the impact of the day one adoption of ASC 326. The transition adjustments of 4.5 million will be phased into the regulatory capital calculations over a three-year period, with 25 of the adjustment recognized in 2023, 50 of the adjustment recognized in 2024, 75 of the adjustment recognized in 2025 and 100 of the adjustment recognized in 2026. 
 
 Actual Minimum Capital Required - Basel III Minimum Required to be Considered Well Capitalized (dollars in thousands) Capital Amount Ratio Capital Amount Ratio Capital Amount Ratio As of September 30, 2024: Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated 395,462 9.37 295,473 7.00 N/A N/A Bank 471,364 11.22 294,031 7.00 273,028 6.50 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated 395,462 9.37 358,789 8.50 N/A N/A Bank 471,364 11.22 357,037 8.50 336,035 8.00 Total capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated 540,007 12.79 443,210 10.50 N/A N/A Bank 518,387 12.34 441,046 10.50 420,044 10.00 Leverage ratio Consolidated 395,462 7.13 221,873 4.00 N/A N/A Bank 471,364 8.53 221,011 4.00 276,264 5.00 

65 

Actual Minimum Capital Required - Basel III Minimum Required to be Considered Well Capitalized (dollars in thousands) Capital Amount Ratio Capital Amount Ratio Capital Amount Ratio As of December 31, 2023: Common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated 381,001 9.60 277,914 7.00 N/A N/A Bank 464,390 11.73 277,063 7.00 257,273 6.50 Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated 381,001 9.60 337,467 8.50 N/A N/A Bank 464,390 11.73 336,434 8.50 316,644 8.00 Total capital to risk-weighted assets Consolidated 525,283 13.23 416,870 10.50 N/A N/A Bank 503,834 12.73 415,595 10.50 395,804 10.00 Leverage ratio Consolidated 381,001 7.33 207,929 4.00 N/A N/A Bank 464,390 8.95 207,479 4.00 259,349 5.00 
 
 Shareholders Dividends 
 
 The Company s Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 0.06 per share of common stock payable October 15, 2024 to shareholders of record as of September 30, 2024. The Company expects to continue to pay cash dividends on a quarterly basis; however, the declaration and amount of any future cash dividends will be subject to the sole discretion of the Board of Directors and will depend upon many factors, including the Company s results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, regulatory and contractual restrictions (including with respect to the Company s outstanding subordinated debt), business strategy and other factors deemed relevant by the Board of Directors. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 107.0 million principal amount of subordinated debt outstanding evidenced by the 2029 Notes, 2030 Note and 2031 Notes. The agreements that govern our outstanding subordinated debt prohibit the Company from paying any dividends on its common stock or making any other distributions to shareholders at any time when there shall have occurred, and be continuing to occur, an event of default under the applicable agreement. If an event of default were to occur and the Company did not cure it, the Company would be prohibited from paying any dividends or making any other distributions to shareholders or from redeeming or repurchasing any common stock. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 
 The Company believes it has sufficient liquidity and capital resources to meet its cash and capital expenditure requirements for the next twelve months and longer. The Company may explore strategic alternatives, including additional asset, deposit or revenue generation channels that complement our small business, commercial and consumer banking platforms, which may require additional capital. If the Company is unable to secure such capital at favorable terms, its ability to take advantage of such opportunities could be adversely affected. 
 
 On December 19, 2022, the Company's Board of Directors approved a new stock repurchase program to replace the prior program. The new program authorized the repurchase of up to 25.0 million of our outstanding common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The stock repurchase authorization is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2024. Under this program, the Company repurchased 559,522 shares of common stock through September 30, 2024, at an average price of 19.06, for a total investment of 10.7 million. 
 
 Various factors determine the amount and timing of our share repurchases, including our capital requirements, organic growth and other strategic opportunities, economic and market conditions (including the trading price of our stock), and regulatory and legal considerations. See Part II, Item 2, of this report for information regarding recent repurchase activity and our remaining authority under the program. 
 
 66 

Liquidity 
 
 Liquidity management is the process used by the Company to manage the continuing flow of funds necessary to meet its financial commitments on a timely basis and at a reasonable cost while also maintaining safe and sound operations. Liquidity, represented by cash and investment securities, is a product of the Company s operating, investing and financing activities. The primary sources of funds are deposits, principal and interest payments on loans and investment securities, maturing loans and investment securities, access to wholesale funding sources and collateralized borrowings. While scheduled payments and maturities of loans and investment securities are relatively predictable sources of funds, deposit flows are greatly influenced by interest rates, general economic conditions and competition. Therefore, the Company supplements deposit growth and enhances interest rate risk management through borrowings and wholesale funding, which are generally advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank and brokered deposits. 
 
 The Company holds cash and investment securities that qualify as liquid assets to maintain adequate liquidity to ensure safe and sound operations and meet its financial commitments. At September 30, 2024, on a consolidated basis, the Company had 1.3 billion in cash and cash equivalents and investment securities available-for-sale and 33.0 million in loans held-for-sale that were generally available for its cash needs. The Company can also generate funds from wholesale funding sources and collateralized borrowings. At September 30, 2024, the Bank had the ability to borrow an additional 1.4 billion from the FHLB, the Federal Reserve and correspondent bank Fed Funds lines of credit, which when combined with cash balances, totaled 2.1 billion and represented 230 of adjusted uninsured deposit balances. 
 
 The Company is a separate legal entity from the Bank and must provide for its own liquidity. In addition to its operating expenses, the Company is responsible for paying any dividends declared to its common shareholders and interest and principal on outstanding debt. The Company s primary sources of funds are cash maintained at the holding company level and dividends from the Bank, the payment of which is subject to regulatory limits. At September 30, 2024, the Company, on an unconsolidated basis, had 9.7 million in cash for debt servicing and operating expenses. 
 
 The Company uses its sources of funds primarily to meet ongoing financial commitments, including withdrawals by depositors, credit commitments to borrowers, operating expenses and capital expenditures. At September 30, 2024, approved outstanding loan commitments, including unused lines of credit and standby letters of credit, amounted to 708.3 million. Certificates of deposits and brokered deposits scheduled to mature in one year or less at September 30, 2024 totaled 1.4 billion. 
 
 Management is not aware of any other events or regulatory requirements that, if implemented, are likely to have a material effect on either the Company s or the Bank s liquidity. 
 
 67 

Reconciliation of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 
 This Management s Discussion and Analysis contains financial information determined by methods other than in accordance with GAAP. Non-GAAP financial measures, specifically tangible common equity, tangible assets, tangible book value per common share, tangible common equity to tangible assets, average tangible common equity, return on average tangible common equity, total interest income - FTE, net interest income - FTE, net interest margin - FTE, adjusted total revenue, adjusted noninterest income, adjusted noninterest expense, adjusted income before income taxes, adjusted income tax provision (benefit), adjusted net income, adjusted diluted earnings per share, adjusted return on average assets, adjusted return on average shareholders equity and adjusted return on average tangible common equity are used by the Company s management to measure the strength of its capital and analyze profitability, including its ability to generate earnings on tangible capital invested by its shareholders. The Company also believes that it is a standard practice in the banking industry to present total interest income, net interest income and net interest margin on a fully-taxable equivalent basis, as those measures provide useful information for peer comparisons. Although the Company believes these non-GAAP financial measures provide a greater understanding of its business, they should not be considered a substitute for financial measures determined in accordance with GAAP, nor are they necessarily comparable to non-GAAP financial measures that may be presented by other companies. Reconciliations of these non-GAAP financial measures to the most directly comparable GAAP financial measures are included in the following table for the last five completed fiscal quarters. 
 
 (dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Total equity - GAAP 385,129 371,953 366,739 362,795 347,744 385,129 347,744 Adjustments: Goodwill (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) Tangible common equity 380,442 367,266 362,052 358,108 343,057 380,442 343,057 Total assets - GAAP 5,823,259 5,343,302 5,340,667 5,167,572 5,169,023 5,823,259 5,169,023 Adjustments: Goodwill (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) Tangible assets 5,818,572 5,338,615 5,335,980 5,162,885 5,164,336 5,818,572 5,164,336 Common shares outstanding 8,667,894 8,667,894 8,655,854 8,644,451 8,669,673 8,667,894 8,669,673 Book value per common share 44.43 42.91 42.37 41.97 40.11 44.43 40.11 Effect of goodwill (0.54) (0.54) (0.54) (0.54) (0.54) (0.54) (0.54) Tangible book value per common share 43.89 42.37 41.83 41.43 39.57 43.89 39.57 Total shareholders equity to assets 6.61 6.96 6.87 7.02 6.73 6.61 6.73 Effect of goodwill (0.07 (0.08 (0.08 (0.08 (0.09 (0.07 (0.09 Tangible common equity to tangible assets 6.54 6.88 6.79 6.94 6.64 6.54 6.64 Total average equity - GAAP 380,061 369,825 369,371 353,037 356,701 373,111 359,405 Adjustments: Average goodwill (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) (4,687) Average tangible common equity 375,374 365,138 364,684 348,350 352,014 368,424 354,718 Return on average shareholders equity 7.32 6.28 5.64 4.66 3.79 6.42 1.59 Effect of goodwill 0.09 0.08 0.07 0.06 0.05 0.09 0.02 Return on average tangible common equity 7.41 6.36 5.71 4.72 3.84 6.51 1.61 

68 

(dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Total interest income 74,990 70,961 68,165 66,272 63,015 214,116 173,170 Adjustments: Fully-taxable equivalent adjustments 1 
 1,133 1,175 1,190 1,238 1,265 3,498 3,995 Total interest income - FTE 76,123 72,136 69,355 67,510 64,280 217,614 177,165 Net interest income 21,765 21,327 20,734 19,807 17,378 63,826 55,097 Adjustments: Fully-taxable equivalent adjustments 1 
 1,133 1,175 1,190 1,238 1,265 3,498 3,995 Net interest income - FTE 22,898 22,502 21,924 21,045 18,643 67,324 59,092 Net interest margin 1.62 1.67 1.66 1.58 1.39 1.65 1.55 Effect of fully-taxable equivalent adjustments 1 
 0.08 0.09 0.09 0.10 0.10 0.09 0.11 Net interest margin - FTE 1.70 1.76 1.75 1.68 1.49 1.74 1.66 1 Assuming a 21 tax rate 

69 

(dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Total revenue- GAAP 33,794 32,360 29,081 27,208 24,785 95,235 73,821 Adjustments: Mortgage-related revenue (65) Adjusted total revenue 33,794 32,360 29,081 27,208 24,785 95,235 73,756 Noninterest income - GAAP 12,029 11,033 8,347 7,401 7,407 31,409 18,724 Adjustments: Mortgage-related revenue (65) Adjusted noninterest income 12,029 11,033 8,347 7,401 7,407 31,409 18,659 Noninterest expense - GAAP 22,794 22,336 21,023 20,056 19,756 66,153 59,380 Adjustments: Mortgage-related costs (3,052) IT termination fees (452) (452) Anniversary expenses (120) (120) Adjusted noninterest expense 22,794 21,764 21,023 20,056 19,756 65,581 56,328 Income before income taxes - GAAP 7,610 5,993 5,610 3,558 3,083 19,213 1,382 Adjustments: 1 
 Mortgage-related revenue (65) Mortgage-related costs 3,052 Partial charge-off of C I participation loan 6,914 IT termination fees 452 452 Anniversary expenses 120 120 Adjusted income before income taxes 7,610 6,565 5,610 3,558 3,083 19,785 11,283 Income tax provision (benefit) - GAAP 620 218 429 (585) (326) 1,267 (2,892) Adjustments: 1 
 Mortgage-related revenue (14) Mortgage-related costs 641 Partial charge-off of C I participation loan 1,452 IT termination fees 95 95 Anniversary expenses 25 25 Adjusted income tax provision (benefit) 620 338 429 (585) (326) 1,387 (813) 1 Assuming a 21 tax rate 
 
 70 

(dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income - GAAP 6,990 5,775 5,181 4,143 3,409 17,946 4,274 Adjustments: Mortgage-related revenue (51) Mortgage-related costs 2,411 Partial charge-off of C I participation loan 5,462 IT termination fees 357 357 Anniversary expenses 95 95 Adjusted net income 6,990 6,227 5,181 4,143 3,409 18,398 12,096 Diluted average common shares outstanding 8,768,731 8,656,215 8,750,297 8,720,078 8,767,217 8,756,544 8,907,748 Diluted earnings per share - GAAP 0.80 0.67 0.59 0.48 0.39 2.05 0.48 Adjustments: Mortgage-related revenue (0.01) Mortgage-related costs 0.27 Effect of partial charge-off of C I participation loan 0.61 Effect of IT termination fees 0.04 0.04 Effect of anniversary expenses 0.01 0.01 Adjusted diluted earnings per share 0.80 0.72 0.59 0.48 0.39 2.10 1.35 Return on average assets 0.50 0.44 0.40 0.32 0.26 0.45 0.12 Effect of mortgage-related revenue Effect of mortgage-related costs 0.07 Effect of partial charge-off of C I participation loan 0.15 Effect of IT termination fees 0.03 0.01 Effect of anniversary expenses 0.01 0.00 Adjusted return on average assets 0.50 0.48 0.40 0.32 0.26 0.46 0.34 Return on average shareholders' equity 7.32 6.28 5.64 4.66 3.79 6.42 1.59 Effect of mortgage-related revenue (0.02 Effect of mortgage-related costs 0.90 Effect of partial charge-off of C I participation loan 2.03 Effect of IT termination fees 0.39 0.13 Effect of anniversary expenses 0.10 0.03 Adjusted return on average shareholders' equity 7.32 6.77 5.64 4.66 3.79 6.58 4.50 
 71 

(dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Return on average tangible common equity 7.41 6.36 5.71 4.72 3.84 6.51 1.61 Effect of mortgage-related revenue (0.02 Effect of mortgage-related costs 0.91 Effect of partial charge-off of C I participation loan 2.06 Effect of IT termination fees 0.39 0.13 Effect of anniversary expenses 0.10 0.03 Adjusted return on average tangible common equity 7.41 6.85 5.71 4.72 3.84 6.67 4.56 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 There have been no material changes in the Company s critical accounting policies or estimates from those disclosed in its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 Refer to Note 15 to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 In the ordinary course of business, the Company enters into financial transactions to extend credit, interest rate swap agreements and forms of commitments that may be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. Interest rate swaps are arranged to receive hedge accounting treatment and are classified as either fair value or cash flow hedges. Fair value hedges are purchased to convert certain fixed rate assets to floating rate. Cash flow hedges are used to convert certain variable rate liabilities into fixed rate liabilities. The Company had interest rate swaps with notional amounts of 160.0 million at September 30, 2024, and 200.0 million at December 31, 2023. Refer to Note 13 to the condensed consolidated financial statements for additional information about derivative financial instruments. 
 72 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Market risk is the risk of loss arising from adverse changes in the fair value of financial instruments due to changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates and equity prices. The primary source of market risk for the Company is interest rate risk, which can be defined as the risk to earnings and the value of our equity resulting from changes in market interest rates. Interest rate risk arises in the normal course of business to the extent that there are timing and volume differences between the amount of interest-earning assets and the amount of interest-bearing liabilities that are prepaid, withdrawn, re-priced or mature in specified periods. We seek to achieve consistent growth in net interest income and equity while managing volatility arising from shifts in market interest rates. 
 
 We monitor the Company s interest rate risk position using income simulation models and economic value of equity EVE sensitivity analysis that capture both short-term and long-term interest rate risk exposure. Income simulation involves forecasting net interest income NII under a variety of interest rate scenarios. We use EVE sensitivity analysis to understand the impact of changes in interest rates on long-term cash flows, income and capital. EVE is calculated by discounting the cash flows for all balance sheet instruments under different interest-rate scenarios. Modeling the sensitivity of NII and EVE to changes in market interest rates is highly dependent on the assumptions incorporated into the modeling process, especially those pertaining to non-maturity deposit accounts. These assumptions are reviewed and refined on an ongoing basis by the Company. We continually model our NII and EVE positions with various interest rate scenarios and assumptions of future balance sheet composition. We utilize implied forward rates in the base case scenario which reflects market expectations for rate changes over the next 24 months. Presented below is the estimated impact on our NII and EVE position as of September 30, 2024, assuming a static balance sheet and instantaneous parallel shifts in interest rates. As of September 30, 2024, we estimate the effects of holding higher cash balances on a static balance sheet had a moderately negative impact on NII volatility in the -100 bps and -200 bps rate scenarios, compared to prior quarters. The Company plans to deploy this excess liquidity over the next several quarters to pay down higher cost deposits and fund loan growth, which is expected to benefit NII in future simulations. 
 
 Change from Base Case for Instantaneous Parallel Changes in Rates Implied Forward Curve -200 Basis Points Implied Forward Curve -100 Basis Points Base Implied Forward Curve Implied Forward Curve +50 Basis Points Implied Forward Curve +100 Basis Points NII - Year 1 3.72 2.81 N/A (1.80 (3.61 NII - Year 2 29.31 28.09 24.50 21.05 17.42 EVE 15.92 10.89 N/A (7.34 (15.54 
 
 To supplement the instantaneous rate shocks required by regulatory guidance, we also calculate our interest rate risk position assuming a gradual change in market interest rates. This gradual change is commonly referred to as a rate ramp and evenly allocates a change in interest rates over a specified time period. 
 
 Presented below is the estimated impact on the Company s NII and EVE position as of September 30, 2024, assuming a static balance sheet and gradual parallel shifts in interest rates: 
 
 Change from Base Case for Gradual Changes in Rates Implied Forward Curve -200 Basis Points Implied Forward Curve -100 Basis Points Base Implied Forward Curve Implied Forward Curve +50 Basis Points Implied Forward Curve +100 Basis Points NII - Year 1 1.68 1.31 N/A (0.87 (1.86 NII - Year 2 30.80 28.61 24.50 21.00 17.03 EVE 14.38 10.01 N/A (6.56 (14.83 
 
 73 

The NII and EVE figures presented in the tables above are reflective of a static balance sheet, and do not incorporate either balance sheet growth or contraction, or strategies to increase net interest income while managing volatility arising from shifts in market interest rates. As such, it is likely that actual results will differ from what is presented in the tables above. Balance sheet strategies to achieve such objectives may include: 
 Deploying excess liquidity to pay down higher-cost deposits and other wholesale borrowings, as well as to fund loan growth 
 Increasing the proportion of low-duration or variable-rate loans to total loans, including organic growth in small business, construction or C I lending, and declines in longer-term loan portfolios 
 Selling longer-term fixed rate loans 
 Increasing the proportion of lower cost non-maturity deposits to total deposits 
 Extending the duration of wholesale funding 
 Executing derivative strategies to synthetically extend liabilities or shorten asset duration 
 Repositioning the investment portfolio to manage its duration 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company maintains disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in reports that it files or submits under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. These controls and procedures are also designed to provide reasonable assurance that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. In designing and evaluating disclosure controls and procedures, the Company has recognized that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Management is required to apply judgment in evaluating its controls and procedures. 
 
 The Company performed an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the principal executive and principal financial officers, to assess the effectiveness of the design and operation of its disclosure controls and procedures under the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation, our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There has been no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, its internal control over financial reporting. 
 74 

PART II 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Neither we nor any of our subsidiaries are party to any material legal proceedings. From time to time, the Bank is a party to legal actions arising from its normal business activities. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 There have been no material changes to the risk factors previously disclosed in Part I, Item 1A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Repurchases of Common Stock 
 
 In December 2022, the Company s Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program authorizing the repurchase of up to 25.0 million of the Company s outstanding stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The stock repurchase program is scheduled to expire on December 31, 2024. Under this program, the Company has repurchased 559,522 shares of common stock through September 30, 2024, at an average price of 19.06, for a total investment of 10.7 million. 
 
 The following table presents information with respect to purchases of the Company s common stock made by or on behalf of the Company or any affiliated purchaser, as defined in Rule 10b-18(a)(3), during the third quarter 2024. 
 
 (dollars in thousands, except per share data) Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid Per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased As Part of Publicly Announced Programs Approximate Dollar Value Of Shares That May Yet Be Purchased Under The Program July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 14,334 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 14,334 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 14,334 Total 
 
 Limitations on the Payment of Dividend s 
 
 The ability of the Company to make capital distributions, including paying dividends and repurchasing shares, depends upon our receipt of dividends from the Bank. The ability of the Bank to pay dividends is limited by state and federal laws and regulations, including the requirement for the Bank to obtain the prior approval of the Indiana Department of Financial Institutions DFI before paying a dividend that, together with other dividends it has paid during a calendar year, would exceed the sum of its net income for the year to date combined with its retained net income for the previous two years. The ability of the Bank to pay dividends is further affected by the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations, and it is generally prohibited from paying any dividends if, following payment thereof, it would be undercapitalized. Notwithstanding the availability of funds for dividends, the FDIC and the DFI may prohibit the payment of dividends by the Bank if either or both determine such payment would constitute an unsafe or unsound practice. In addition, under the Basel III Capital Rules, institutions that seek the freedom to pay dividends have to maintain 2.5 in Common Equity Tier 1 Capital attributable to the capital conservation buffer. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not Applicable. 
 75 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 None. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Description Method of Filing 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of First Internet Bancorp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to current report on Form 8-K filed May 21, 2020) 
 Incorporated by Reference 3.2 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of First Internet Bancorp (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to current report on Form 8-K filed May 21, 2020) 
 Incorporated by Reference 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 Filed Electronically 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 Filed Electronically 32.1 
 Section 1350 Certifications 
 Filed Electronically 101 Inline XBRL Instance Document (does not appear in the Interactive Data File because XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) Filed Electronically 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Filed Electronically 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Filed Electronically 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Filed Electronically 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Filed Electronically 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Filed Electronically 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed Electronically 

76 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

FIRST INTERNET BANCORP 11/7/2024 By /s/ David B. Becker David B. Becker, 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer 
 (on behalf of Registrant) 
 11/7/2024 By /s/ Kenneth J. Lovik Kenneth J. Lovik, 
 Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer) 

77 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311-2024q3.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, David B. Becker, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Internet Bancorp 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 7, 2024 s David B. Becker David B. Becker, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312-2024q3.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 I, Kenneth J. Lovik, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of First Internet Bancorp 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date November 7, 2024 s Kenneth J. Lovik Kenneth J. Lovik, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321-2024q3.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of First Internet Bancorp (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), each of the undersigned certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s David B. Becker David B. Becker Chief Executive Officer November 7, 2024 s Kenneth J. Lovik Kenneth J. Lovik Chief Financial Officer November 7, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 inbk-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 inbk-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 inbk-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 inbk-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 inbk-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

