<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241113_10-Q_edgar_data_1631282_0001213900-24-097560.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7046795</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>159820</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1609714</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1474501</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1684190</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1986977</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-097560.hdr.sgml : 20241113
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241113170026
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-097560
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		81
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241113
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241113

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			DATASEA INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001631282
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-PREPACKAGED SOFTWARE [7372]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				472019013
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38767
		FILM NUMBER:		241455428

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 XINGHUO RD, CHANGNING BLDG, STE.11D2E
		STREET 2:		FENGTAI DISTRICT
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100070
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(86)10-58401996

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 XINGHUO RD, CHANGNING BLDG, STE.11D2E
		STREET 2:		FENGTAI DISTRICT
		CITY:			BEIJING
		STATE:			F4
		ZIP:			100070

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ROSE ROCK INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20150121

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-097560.txt : 20241113

10-Q
 1
 ea0220127-10q_datasea.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) 

, , , Beijing, People s Republic of (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

N/A 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered Capital Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November
11, 2024, shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, were outstanding. 

DATASEA INC. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page No. 

Part I - Financial Information 
 1 
 
 Item 1 
 Financial Statements 
 1 
 
 Item 2 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 
 Item 3 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 48 
 
 Item 4 
 Controls and Procedures 
 48 

Part II - Other Information 
 51 
 
 Item 1 
 Legal Proceedings 
 51 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 51 
 
 Item 2 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 51 
 
 Item 3 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 52 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 52 
 
 Item 5 
 Other Information 
 52 
 
 Item 6 
 Exhibits 
 52 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 53 

i 

PART
I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM
1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

DATASEA INC. 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

SEPTEMBER 30,
 2024 
 JUNE
 30, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Accounts
 receivable 

Inventory,
 net 

Value-added
 tax prepayment 

Subscription
 receivables - related parties 
 
 - 
 
 Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 

Total
 current assets 

NONCURRENT
 ASSETS 

Property
 and equipment, net 

Intangible
 assets, net 

Right-of-use
 assets, net 

Total
 noncurrent assets 

TOTAL
 ASSETS 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

CURRENT
 LIABILITIES 

Accounts
 payable 

Unearned
 revenue 

Accrued
 expenses and other payables 

Due
 to related parties 

Operating
 lease liabilities 

Bank
 loan payable 

Total
 current liabilities 

NONCURRENT
 LIABILITIES 

Operating
 lease liabilities 
 
 - 
 
 Total
 noncurrent liabilities 
 
 - 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS
 AND CONTINGENCIES 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024 , respectively 

Additional
 paid-in capital 

Accumulated
 comprehensive income 

Accumulated
 deficit 

TOTAL
 COMPANY STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

Noncontrolling
 interest 

TOTAL
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIT) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

1 

DATASEA INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS AND COMPREHENSIVE
LOSS 

(UNAUDITED) 

THREE MONTHS ENDED 
 SEPTEMBER 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Revenues 

Cost of revenues 

Gross profit 

Operating expenses 

Selling 

General and administrative 

Research and development 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Non-operating income (expenses) 

Other income (expenses), net 

Interest income 

Total non-operating income (expenses), net 

Loss before income tax 

Income tax 
 -
 
 -

Loss before noncontrolling interest from continuing operations 

Income before noncontrolling interest from discontinued operations 
 -

Less: loss attributable to noncontrolling interest from continuing operations 

Less: loss attributable to noncontrolling interest from discontinued operations 
 -
 
 -

Net loss attribute to noncontrolling interest 

Net loss to the Company from continuing operations 

Net income to the Company from discontinued operations 
 -

Net loss to the Company 

Other comprehensive item 

Foreign currency translation loss attributable to the Company 

Foreign currency translation gain (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Comprehensive loss attributable to the Company 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interest 

Basic and diluted net loss per share 

Weighted average shares used for computing basic and diluted loss per share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

2 

DATASEA INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 AND 2023 

(UNAUDITED) 

Common Stock 
 Additional paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Accumulated other comprehensive 
 
 Noncontrolling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 capital 
 deficit 
 income 
 Total 
 interest 

Balance at July 1, 2024 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Noncontrolling interest disposal at closure of the entity 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Issuance of common stock for equity financing 

-
 
 -

-

Issuance of common stock for equity financing - related parties 

-
 
 -

-

Shares issued for stock compensation expense 

-
 
 -

-

Shares issued for purchase of intangible assets from the Company s major shareholders 

-
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Foreign currency translation gain (loss) 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at September 30, 2024 

Balance at July 1, 2023 

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -

-

Issuance of common stock for equity financing 

-
 
 -

-

Shares issued for stock compensation expense 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Foreign currency translation loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Balance at September 30, 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

3 

DATASEA INC. 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

THREE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
 30, 

2024 
 2023 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Loss including noncontrolling interest 

Adjustments to reconcile loss including noncontrolling interest to net cash used in operating activities: 

Gain on disposal of subsidiary 
 -

Bad debt reversal 
 
 -

Depreciation and amortization 

Loss on disposal of fixed assets 
 
 -

Operating lease expense 

Stock compensation expense 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Value-added tax prepayment 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts payable 

Unearned revenue 

Accrued expenses and other payables 

Payment on operating lease liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Acquisition of property and equipment 

Acquisition of intangible assets 
 
 -

Cash disposed due to disposal of subsidiary 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayment to related parties 

Proceeds from loan payables 
 -

Repayment of loan payables 

Net proceeds from issuance of common stock 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash 

Net increase in cash 

Cash, beginning of period 

Cash, end of period 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income tax 
 -
 
 -

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash financing activities: 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for operating lease liabilities 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial
statements. 

4 

DATASEA INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

SEPTEMBER 30, 2024
(UNAUDITED) AND JUNE 30, 2024 

shares of common stock, par value per share, of the Company (the Common Stock to Zhixin Liu Ms. Liu ), an owner of Shuhai Skill (HK) as defined below. On October 27, 2016, Mr. Sun sold his remaining shares
of Common Stock of the Company to Ms. Liu. As a holding company with no material operations, the Company conducts a majority of its business
activities through organizations established in the People s Republic of China PRC), primarily by variable interest entity
(the VIE ). The Company does not have any equity ownership of its VIE, instead it controls and receives economic benefits
of the VIE s business operations through certain contractual arrangements. 

On October 29, 2015, the
Company entered into a share exchange agreement (the Exchange Agreement with the shareholders (the Shareholders of Shuhai Information Skill (HK) Limited Shuhai Skill (HK) ), a limited liability company LLC incorporated
on May 15, 2015 under the laws of the Hong Kong Special Administrative Region of the People s Republic of China (the PRC ).
Pursuant to the terms of the Exchange Agreement, the Shareholders, who own of Shuhai Skill (HK), transferred all of the issued
and outstanding ordinary shares of Shuhai Skill (HK) to the Company for shares of Common Stock, causing Shuhai Skill
(HK) and its wholly owned subsidiaries, Tianjin Information Sea Information Technology Co., Ltd. Tianjin Information or
 WOFE ), an LLC incorporated under the laws of the PRC, and Harbin Information Sea Information Technology Co., Ltd., an LLC
incorporated under the laws of the PRC, to become wholly-owned subsidiaries of the Company; and Shuhai Information Technology Co., Ltd.,
also an LLC incorporated under the laws of the PRC Shuhai Beijing ), to become a VIE of the Company through a series of
contractual agreements between Shuhai Beijing and Tianjin Information. The transaction was accounted for as a reverse merger, with Shuhai
Skill (HK) and its subsidiaries being the accounting survivor. Accordingly, the historical financial statements presented are those of
Shuhai Skill (HK) and its consolidated subsidiaries and VIE. 

Following the Share Exchange,
the Shareholders, Zhixin Liu and her father, Fu Liu, owned approximately of the Company s outstanding shares of Common
Stock. As of October 29, 2015, there were shares of Common Stock issued and outstanding, of
which were beneficially owned by Zhixin Liu and Fu Liu. 

After the Share Exchange, the
Company, through its consolidated subsidiaries and VIE provide smart security solutions primarily to schools, tourist or scenic attractions
and public communities in China. 

On October 16, 2019, Shuhai Beijing
incorporated a wholly owned subsidiary, Heilongjiang Xunrui Technology Co. Ltd. Xunrui ), which develops and markets the
Company s smart security system products. 

On December 3, 2019, Shuhai Beijing
formed Nanjing Shuhai Equity Investment Fund Management Co. Ltd. Shuhai Nanjing ), a joint venture in PRC, in which Shuhai
Beijing holds a ownership interest with the remaining held by Nanjing Fanhan Zhineng Technology Institute Co. Ltd, an
unrelated party that was supported by both Nanjing Municipal Government and Beijing University of Posts and Telecommunications. Shuhai
Nanjing was formed for gaining the easy access to government funding and private financing for the Company s new technology development
and new project initiation. 

In January 2020, the Company
acquired ownership in three entities for no consideration from the Company s management, which set up such entities on the Company s
behalf (described below). 

On January 3, 2020, Shuhai Beijing
entered into two equity transfer agreements (the Transfer Agreements with the President, and a Director of the Company. Pursuant
to the Transfer Agreements, the Director and the President, each agreed, for no consideration, to (i) transfer his and 
respective ownership interests, in Guozhong Times (Beijing) Technology Ltd. Guozhong Times to Shuhai Beijing; and (ii)
transfer his and respective ownership interests, in Guohao Century (Beijing) Technology Ltd. Guohao Century to Shuhai Beijing. Guozhong Times and Guohao Century were established to develop technology for electronic products, intelligence equipment
and accessories, and provide software and information system consulting, installation and maintenance services. 

5 

, , 
ownership interests, in Guozhong Haoze (Beijing) Technology Ltd. Guozhong Haoze to Shuhai Beijing for no consideration.
Guozhong Haoze was formed to develop and market the smart security system products. 

On August 17, 2020, Beijing Shuhai
formed a new wholly-owned subsidiary Shuhai Jingwei (Shenzhen) Information Technology Co., Ltd Jingwei ), to expand the
security oriented systems developing, consulting and marketing business overseas. 

On November 16, 2020, Guohao
Century formed Hangzhou Zhangqi Business Management Limited Partnership Zhangqi with ownership of as an ordinary
partner. In November 2023, the Company dissolved Zhangqi as a result of disposal of Zhuangxun in July 2023, Zhangqi had no
operations but only serves as a holding company of Zhagnxun. In November 2023, the Company dissolved Zhangqi. 

On November 19, 2020, Guohao
Century formed a owned subsidiary Hangzhou Shuhai Zhangxun Information Technology Co., Ltd Zhangxun for research
and development of 5G Multimodal communication technology. Zhangqi owns of Zhangxun; accordingly, Guohao Century ultimately owns 
of Zhangxun. On December 20, 2022, Guohao Century acquired a ownership interests of Zhangxun from Zhengmao Zhang at the price
of (RMB ). After the transaction, Guohao Century owns of Zhangxun, and Zhangqi owns of Zhangxun;
On February 15, 2023, Guohao Century acquired a ownership interests of Zhangxun from the Zhangqi at the price of (RMB ).
After the transaction, Guohao Century owns of Zhangxun, and Zhangqi owns of Zhangxun; as a result, Guohao Century ultimately
owns of Zhangxun. On July 20, 2023, the Company sold Zhangxun to a third party for RMB ). 

On February 16, 2022, Shuhai
Jingwei formed Shenzhen Acoustic Effect Management Limited Partnership Shenzhen Acoustic MP with ownership interest,
the remaining ownership interest is held by a third party. 

On February 16, 2022, Shuhai
Jingwei formed Shuhai (Shenzhen) Acoustic Effect Technology Co., Ltd Shuhai Shenzhen Acoustic Effect ), a PRC Company, in
which Shuhai Jingwei holds ownership interest, ownership interest is held by Shenzhen Acoustic MP, and remaining 
ownership interest is held by a third party. On October 18, 2022, Shuhai Jingwei acquired ownership interest of Shuhai Acoustic
Effect, a PRC Company from the third party at the price of approximately (RMB ). After the transaction, Shuhai Jingwei
owns of Shuhai Shenzhen Effect, and Shenzhen Acoustic MP still owns of Shuhai Shenzhen Effect; accordingly, Shuhai Jingwei
ultimately owns of Shuhai Acoustic Effect. The book value of interest acquired from the third party was ) due
to its accumulated deficit. 

On March 4, 2022, Shuhai Beijing
formed Beijing Yirui Business Management Development Center Yirui with ownership interest as an ordinary partner,
the remaining ownership interest is held by Zhixin Liu. 

On March 4, 2022, Shuhai Beijing
formed Beijing Yiying Business Management Development Center Yiying with ownership interest as an ordinary partner,
the remaining ownership interest is held by Zhixin Liu. 

On July 31, 2023, Datasea established
a wholly owned subsidiary Datasea Acoustic, LLC Datasea Acoustic in the state of Delaware for expanding the products to
the market in North America. 

On October 24, 2023, Guozhong
Times formed Shuhai Yiyun (Shenzhen) digital technology Co, Ltd Yiyun with ownership interest, the remaining 
ownership interest is held by a third party. As of the report date, Yiyun did not have any operations. 

On January 10, 2024, the Company s
Board of Directors approved a reverse stock split of its authorized and issued and outstanding shares of common stock, par value per
share (the Common Stock ), at a ratio of 1-for-15, which become legal effective on January 19, 2024. After the reverse stock
split, every issued and outstanding shares of the Company s Common Stock was converted automatically into share
of the Company s Common Stock without any change in the par value per share. The total number of shares of Common Stock authorized
for issuance was then reduced by a corresponding proportion from shares to shares of Common
Stock. All share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect the reverse stock split for all periods presented. 

6 

million and , respectively. The Company
had an accumulated deficit of approximately million as of September 30, 2024, and negative cash flow from operating activities
of approximately million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The historical
operating results including recurring losses from operations raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. 

owned subsidiaries
Shuhai Information Skill (HK) Limited Shuhai Skill (HK) ), and Tianjin Information sea Information Technology Co., Ltd. Tianjin
Information ), and its VIE, Shuhai Beijing, and Shuhai Beijing s owned subsidiaries Heilongjiang Xunrui
Technology Co. Ltd. Xunrui ), Guozhong Times (Beijing) Technology Ltd. Guozhong Times ), Guohao Century (Beijing)
Technology Ltd. Guohao Century ), Guozhong Haoze, and Shuhai Jingwei (Shenzhen) Information Technology Co., Ltd. Jingwei ),
and Shuhai Beijing s owned subsidiary Nanjing Shuhai Equity Investment Fund Management Co. Ltd. Shuhai Nanjing ).
During the year ended June 30, 2022, the Company incorporated two new subsidiaries Shuhai (Shenzhen) Acoustic Effect Technology Co., Ltd Shuhai Acoustic and Shenzhen Acoustic Effect Management Partnership Shenzhen Acoustic MP ). All significant
inter-company transactions and balances were eliminated in consolidation. The chart below depicts the corporate structure of the
Company as of September 30, 2024. 

7 

for
each capital contribution of RMB . Pursuant to the terms of the Option Agreement, Tianjin Information and the Shuhai Beijing Stockholders
have agreed to certain restrictive covenants to safeguard the rights of Tianjin Information under the Option Agreement. Tianjin Information
agreed to pay RMB annually to Shuhai Beijing Stockholders to maintain the option rights. Tianjin Information may terminate the
Option Agreement upon prior written notice. The Option Agreement is valid for a period of years from the effective date and
renewable at Tianjin Information s option. 

8 

The following
financial statement amounts and balances of the VIE were included in the accompanying CFS as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024,
and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Accounts receivable 

Inventory 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible asset, net 

Right-of-use asset, net 

Total non-current assets 

Total assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities and other payables 

Lease liability 

Loans payable 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Lease liability - noncurrent 
 
 -

Total non-current liabilities 
 
 -

Total liabilities 

Gross profit 

Net loss 

million. 

9 

bad debt allowance for accounts receivable. 

10 

and allowances for slow-moving and obsolete inventory (mainly for Smart-Student Identification cards) as
of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 

- years 
 
 Office equipment 
 - years 
 
 Vehicles 
 years 
 
 Leasehold improvement 
 years 

. 

11 

12 

5G AI Multimodal communication 

Cloud platform construction cooperation project 
 -
 
 -

Acoustic Intelligence Business 

Ultrasonic Sound Air Disinfection Equipment 

Other 
 -
 
 -

Smart City business 
 
 -

Smart community 
 
 -

Smart community broadcasting system 
 -
 
 -

Smart agriculture 
 -
 
 -

Other 
 -
 
 -

Total revenue 

13 

percent
likely of being realized upon settlement with the applicable taxing authority. The portion of the benefits associated with tax positions
taken that exceeds the amount measured as described above is reflected as a liability for unrecognized tax benefits in the accompanying
balance sheets along with any associated interest and penalties that would be payable to the taxing authorities upon examination. Interest
associated with unrecognized tax benefits is classified as interest expense and penalties are classified in selling, general and administrative
expenses in the statement of income. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the Company had no unrecognized tax positions and
no charges during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and accordingly, the Company did not recognize any interest or penalties
related to unrecognized tax benefits. The Company files a U.S. and PRC income tax return. With few exceptions, the Company s U.S.
income tax returns filed for the years ending on June 30, 2018 and thereafter are subject to examination by the relevant taxing authorities;
the Company uses calendar year-end for its PRC income tax return filing, PRC income tax returns filed for the years ending on December
31, 2018 and thereafter are subject to examination by the relevant taxing authorities. 

14 

ownership noncontrolling interests of Zhangxun from
Zhengmao Zhang at the price of (RMB ). The Company recognized a paid in capital deficit of from this
purchase due to continued loss of Zhangxun. Subsequent to this purchase, the Company ultimately holds a ownership of Zhangxun.
On July 20, 2023, the Company sold Zhangxun to a third party for RMB ). 

owned by
noncontrolling interest, in November 2023, the Company dissolved Zhangqi. As of December 31, 2023, Shuhai Nanjing was owned by
noncontrolling interest, Shenzhen Acoustic MP was owned by noncontrolling interest, Shuhai Shenzhen Acoustic was owned
by noncontrolling interest, Guozhong Times was owned by noncontrolling interest, and Guozhong Haoze was owned
by noncontrolling interest. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had loss of and attributable
to the noncontrolling interest from continuing operations, respectively. 

is covered by insurance.
Should any institution holding the Company s cash become insolvent, or if the Company is unable to withdraw funds for any reason,
the Company could lose the cash on deposit with that institution. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes
it is not exposed to any risks on its cash in these bank accounts. Cash denominated in RMB with a U.S. dollar equivalent of and
 as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively, was held in accounts at financial institutions located in the
PRC which is not freely convertible into foreign currencies. 

per depositor. As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, cash of and was maintained at
U.S. financial institutions. Cash was maintained at financial institutions in Hong Kong, and was insured by the Hong Kong Deposit Protection
Board up to a limit of HK ). As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the cash balance of and was
maintained at financial institutions in Hong Kong. The Company, its subsidiaries and VIE have not experienced any losses in such accounts
and do not believe the cash is exposed to any significant risk. 

15 

Average USD for the reporting period: RMB exchange rate 

16 

Vehicle 

Leasehold improvement 

Office equipment 

Subtotal 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Total 

Depreciation
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. 

Patent 

Software and technology development costs 

Value-added telecommunications business license 

Subtotal 

Less: Accumulated amortization 

Total 

Software registration or using
right represented the purchase cost of customized software with its source code from third party software developer. 

Software and technology development
cost represented development costs incurred internally after the technological feasibility was established and a working model was produced
and was recorded as intangible asset. 

Amortization for the three months
ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was and , respectively. The amortization expense for the next five years as of
September 30, 2024 will be , , , and . 

Prepaid expenses 

Prepaid 5G Cost 
 
 -

Other receivables Heqin 

Advance to third party individuals, no interest, payable upon demand 

Others 

Total 

Less: allowance for other receivables Heqin 

Total 

17 

, prepaid professional fee of , prepayment
for inventory purchase of , prepaid rent and property management fee of and other prepayments of . 

As of June 30, 2024, prepaid
expenses mainly consisted of prepaid marketing expense of , prepaid telecommunication service fee (mainly including SMS and MMS
services) of , prepaid rent and property management fees of and other prepayments of . 

Prepaid
marketing expense 

On September 16, 2023, Tianjin
Information entered an Operation Cooperation Agreement with an unrelated company, Beijing Jincheng Haoda Construction Engineering Co.,
Ltd Jincheng Haoda ), for marketing and promoting the sale of 5G messaging and acoustic intelligence series products in
oversea market. The cooperation term is from September 16, 2023 through September 15, 2026. Jincheng Haoda is committed to complete RMB million
sales performance in the first year, RMB million sales performance in the second year, and RMB million sales
performance in the third year. The Company will pay of the sales amount to Jincheng Haoda as marketing fee upon receipt of the
sales amount, on monthly basis. As of September 30, 2024, the Company made a prepayment of RMB to Jincheng
Haoda for facilitating the quick capture of the market for the Company s products, the prepayment was the of marketing
service fee of first year s target sales to be completed by Jincheng Haoda. During the service term, the Company will perform the
annual assessment, if Jincheng Haoda was not able to achieve the target annual sales, and did not reach of target annual sales
amount, Jincheng Haoda shall return the Company s prepayment after deducting the marketing service fee of the actual sales. In addition,
under the circumstance Jincheng Haoda did not complete the of the annual target sales, Jincheng Haoda will indemnify the Company 
of marketing service fee of unachieved sales amount from the of the annual target sales. For the three months ended September
30, 2024, the Company recorded an amortization of prepaid expense of million in the selling expense; this prepaid marketing
expense was fully amortized as of September 30, 2024. 

On September 18, 2023, Tianjin
Information entered an Operation Cooperation Agreement with an unrelated company, Beijing Jiajia Shengshi Trading Co., Ltd Jiajia
Shengshi ), for marketing and promoting the sale of 5G messaging and acoustic intelligence series products in domestic market. The
cooperation term is from September 18, 2023 through September 17, 2026. Jiajia Shengshi is committed to complete RMB million
sales performance in the first year, RMB million sales performance in the second year, and RMB million sales
performance in the third year. The Company will pay of the sales amount to Jiajia Shengshi as marketing fee upon receipt of the
sales amount, on a monthly basis. As of September 30, 2024, the Company made a prepayment of RMB to
Jiajia Shengshi for facilitating the quick capture of the market for the Company s products, the prepayment was the of
marketing service fee of first year s target sales to be completed by Jiajia Shengshi. During the service term, the Company will
perform the annual assessment, if Jiajia Shengshi was not able to achieve the target annual sales, and did not reach of target
annual sales amount, Jiajia Shengshi shall return the Company s prepayment after deducting the marketing service fee of the actual
sales. In addition, under the circumstance Jiajia Shengshi did not complete the of the annual target sales, Jiajia Shengshi will
indemnify the Company of marketing service fee of unachieved sales amount from the of the annual target sales. For the
three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded an amortization of prepaid expense of million in the selling expense;
this prepaid marketing expense was fully amortized as of September 30, 2024. 

Other
receivables Heqin 

On February 20, 2020, Guozhong
Times entered an Operation Cooperation Agreement with an unrelated company, Heqin (Beijing) Technology Co, Ltd. Heqin ),
for marketing and promoting the sale of Face Recognition Payment Processing equipment and related technical support, and other products
of the Company including Epidemic Prevention and Control Systems. Heqin has a sales team which used to work with Fortune 500 companies
and specializes in business marketing and sales channel establishment and expansion, especially in education industry and public area. 

The cooperation term is from
February 20, 2020 through March 1, 2023; however, Heqin is the exclusive distributor of the Company s face Recognition Payment Processing
products for the period to July 30, 2020. During March and April 2020, Guozhong Times provided operating funds to Heqin, together with
a credit line provided by Guozhong Times to Heqin from May 2020 through August 2020, for a total borrowing of RMB million million) for Heqin s operating needs. As of March 31, 2023, Guozhong Times had an outstanding receivable of RMB million from Heqin and was recorded as other receivables. The Company would not charge Heqin any interest, except for two loans of
RMB each, due on June 30, 2020 and August 15, 2020, respectively, for which the Company charges interest
if Heqin did not repay by the due date. 

18 

and of the net income,
respectively. The profit allocation for the sale of other products of the Company are to be negotiated. Heqin will receive certain stock
reward when it reaches the preset sales target under the performance compensation mechanism. 

In November 2022, Hangzhou Yuetianyun
Data Technology Company Ltd Yuetianyun agreed and acknowledged a Debt Transfer Agreement, wherein Heqin transferred its
debt from Yuetianyun to Guozhong Times in the amount of RMB ). As of September 30, 2024 and June 30,
2024, Heqin made (through Yuetianyun) and repayment to the Company, and the Company made a bad debt allowance
of and as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 

for stock ownership of a high-tech company Nanjing Dutao Intelligence Technology Co.,
Ltd in Nanjing City specializing on internet security equipment. As of September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a full impairment for
this investment. 

In August 2022, Shuhai Nanjing
invested RMB for stock ownership of a high-tech company Nanjing Jinjizhihui Technology Co. Ltd in
Nanjing City specializing in software and system development. As of September 30, 2024, the Company recorded a full impairment for this
investment. 

The Company accounts for investments
with less than of the voting shares and does not have the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial
policies of the investee using the cost method. The Company elects the measurements alternative and records investment in equity securities
at the historical cost in its consolidated financial statements and subsequently records any dividends received from the net accumulated
earrings of the investee as income. Dividends received in excess of earnings are considered a return of investment and are recorded as
reduction in the cost of the investments. 

and as of September
30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively. 

Received during the period 

Transferred to revenue 

Effect of foreign currency translation 

Balance, end of period 

Due to third parties 

Security deposit 

Social security payable 

Salary payable employees 

Total 

Due to third parties were the
short-term advance from third party individual or companies, bear no interest and payable upon demand. 

19 

with a term
of , the interest rate was to be paid every 20 th of each month. For the three months
ended September 30, 2024, the Company made a repayment of to this loan. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the
Company recorded and paid interest expense for this loan. As of September 30, 2024, the loan was paid in full. 

On January 13, 2023, Shenzhen
Jingwei entered a loan agreement with Shenzhen Qianhai WeBank Co., Ltd for the amount of RMB with a term
of , the interest rate was . For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company made a repayment
of to this loan. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded and paid interest expense for
this loan. As of September 30, 2024, the loan was paid in full. 

On April 10, 2024, Guozhong Times
entered a loan agreement with Bank of Beijing for the amount of RMB with a term of with
a preferential annual interest rate of to be paid every 21 st of each month. For the three months ended September
30, 2024, the Company recorded and paid interest expense for this loan. As of September 30, 2024, was recorded
as current liabilities. 

On April 23, 2024, Guozhong Times
entered a loan agreement with Beijing Rural Commercial Bank Economic and Technological Development Zone Branch for the amount of RMB with a term of with the annual interest rate of to be paid every 21 st of each month. For
the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded and paid interest expense for this loan. As of September 30,
2024, was recorded as current liabilities. 

On April 25, 2024, Shuhai Beijing
entered a loan agreement with Industrial Bank Co., Ltd for the amount of RMB with a term of 
with a preferential annual interest rate of to be paid every 21st of each month. For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
the Company recorded and paid interest expense for this loan. As of September 30, 2024, was recorded as current
liabilities. Liu Fu is the guarantor of this loan agreement. 

On May 28, 2024, Guozhong Times
entered a loan agreement with China Everbright Bank for the amount of RMB with a term of 
with the annual interest rate of to be paid every 21 st of each month. For the three months ended September 30,
2024, the Company recorded and paid interest expense for this loan. As of September 30, 2024, was recorded as
current liabilities. 

On June 20, 2024, Shuhai Beijing
entered a loan agreement with Bank of China for the amount of RMB with a term of with
a preferential annual interest rate of to be paid every 21st of the third months of each quarter. For the three months ended
September 30, 2024, the Company recorded and paid interest expense for this loan. As of September 30, 2024, was
recorded as current liabilities. Liu Fu is the guarantor of this loan agreement. 

Beijing Rural Commercial Bank Economic and Technological Development Zone Branch China Everbright Bank Bank of China Industrial Bank Co., Ltd Total 

20 

from October 1, 2020 through September 30, 2021. On October 1, 2021,
Xunrui entered a new seven-month lease for this location with the Company s CEO for total rent of RMB ).
The lease expired on April 30, 2022. On May 1, 2022, Xunrui entered a new one-year lease agreement for this office with the Company s
CEO for an annual rent of RMB ), the Company was required to pay the rent before April 30, 2023 but the Company
did not pay the rent yet which was due on April 30, 2023 as of this report date. On May 1, 2023, Xunrui entered a new one-year lease agreement
for this office location with the Company s CEO for an annual rent of RMB ), the Company is required to
pay the rent before April 30, 2024. The Company did not pay the rent yet which was due on April 30, 2024 as of this report date. On May
1, 2024, Xunrui entered a new one-year lease agreement for this office location with the Company s CEO for an annual rent of RMB ),
the Company is required to pay the rent before April 30, 2025. On September 10, 2024, the Company signed a rent reduction agreement with
the Company s CEO, reducing the annual rent for the period from May 1, 2022, to April 30, 2025, to RMB ), The Company
is required to pay the rent before April 30, 2025. The rental expense for this office location was and , respectively,
for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

On July 1, 2022, the Company
entered a one-year lease for two cars with the Company s CEO for each car s monthly rent of RMB and RMB ), respectively. On July 1, 2023, the Company entered a new one-year lease for two cars with the Company s
CEO for each car s monthly rent of RMB and RMB ), respectively. On July 1, 2024,
the Company entered a new one-year lease for two cars with the Company s CEO for each car s monthly rent of RMB and RMB ), respectively. The rental expense for those agreements was and , respectively, for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

On September 1, 2022, the Company
entered a six-month lease for senior officers dormitory in Beijing for a total rent of RMB ), payable
every three months in advance. On March 1, 2023, the Company entered a new six-month lease for a total rent of RMB ),
payable every three months in advance. On September 1, 2023, the Company entered a new one-year lease for a monthly rent of RMB ),
payable every three months in advance. On September 1, 2024, the Company entered a three-month lease for a monthly rent of RMB ), payable in advance. The rental expense for this lease was and for the three months ended September 30,
2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Due to related parties 

As of September 30, 2024 and
June 30, 2024, the Company had due to related parties of and , respectively. Due to related parties of 
at September 30, 2024, mainly consisted of payable of an office lease to the Company s CEO, accrued salary payable, and certain
expenses of the Company that were paid by the CEO and her father (one of the Company s directors), bore no interest and payable
upon demand. Due to related parties of at June 30, 2024, mainly consisted of payable of an office lease from the Company s
CEO, accrued salary payable, and certain expenses of the Company that were paid by the CEO and her father (one of the Company s
directors), bore no interest and payable upon demand, and 2) loan payable to a related party (who is the shareholder of the Company),
with no interest, and can be repaid any time before December 31, 2024. 

Subscription receivables - related
parties 

On September 27, 2024, the Company
entered into subscription agreements with three non-U.S. investors, including Zhixin Liu, the Company s Chairman of the Board, Chief
Executive Officer, President and Secretary, and Fu Liu, a Director of the Company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell and the
investors agreed to purchase an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, at a purchase price of per share,
which was equal to the closing price of the common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market on September 26, 2024. Pursuant to the terms of
the subscription agreements, each Investor must pay the purchase price for the number of shares such Investor purchased within 15 days
of the effective date. As of September 30, 2024, the Company issued all the shares to three investors, and the purchase price was received
in full from each investor as of October 15, 2024, representing gross proceeds in the aggregate amount of approximately million.
The proceeds raised in the offering will primarily be used to support the Company s future business operations, including investments
in acoustic high-tech related products design upgrade, working capital for mass production and on-line sales, acquiring intellectual property,
and working capital for the promotion and sales of 5G AI multimodal digital business products. 

21 

shares of the Company s common stock to three non-U.S investors including the Company s CEO and one
of the directors, at price of per share. The Company received the proceeds in full from this offering at October 15, 2024 (see Note
10). 

On July 2, 2024, the Company
entered into a securities purchase agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to an investor in a registered direct
offering shares of the Company s common stock, at a price of per share and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 
shares of Common Stock at a price of per share with an exercise price of per share (the Pre-Funded Warrants ). The
Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable upon issuance and will remain exercisable until all the Pre-Funded Warrants are exercised in full. In
connection with the Offering, on July 2, 2024, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement with EF Hutton LLC (the Placement
Agent ). Pursuant to the terms of the placement agency agreement, the Company will pay the placement agent a cash fee of 
of the gross proceeds the Company receives in the offering at closing. The Company also agreed to reimburse the Placement Agent at the
closing of the Offering, for expenses incurred, including disbursements of its legal counsel, in an amount not to exceed an aggregate
of . The closing of the offering occurred on July 3, 2024. The Pre-Funded Warrants were exercised in full as of September 30, 2024.
The gross proceeds of the Offering are approximately million before deducting fees to the Company s placement agent and
other offering expenses payable by the Company, for which was million. The Company intends to use the net proceeds from the
Offering for research and development, market development and for general corporate purposes. 

Shares Issued for Acquiring
Intangible Assets from Related Parties 

On August 9, 2024, the Company
entered into an intellectual property purchase agreement with Ms. Zhixin Liu, the Company s Chairwoman and CEO, pursuant to which
Ms. Zhixin Liu transferred to the Company two intangible assets (software copyrights) owned by her personally. The Committee
has decided to grant Zhixin Liu restricted shares for the purchase of this software. 

On August 9, 2024, the Company
entered into an intellectual property purchase agreement with Mr. Fu Liu, the Company s director of board, pursuant to which Mr.
Fu Liu transferred to the Company two intangible assets (software copyrights) owned by himself. The Committee has decided to
grant Fu Liu restricted shares for the purchase of this software. 

The purchase was accounted for
at the historical cost of the intangible assets which was . Fu Liu is the father of Zhixin Liu, together, they own approximately 
of the Company s common stock prior to this transaction; and they own of the Company s common stock after this transaction. 

Shares
to Independent Directors as Compensation 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company recorded and stock compensation expense to independent directors through
the issuance of shares of the Company s common stock at the market price of the stock issuance date, pursuant to the 2018 Equity
Incentive Plan. 

Shares to Officers as
Compensation 

On September 24, 2021, under
the 2018 Equity Inventive plan, the Company s Board of Directors granted shares of the Company s common stock
to its CEO each month and shares to one of the board members each month starting from July 1, 2021, payable quarterly with
the aggregate number of shares for each quarter being issued on the first day of the next quarter at a per share price of the closing
price of the day prior to the issuance. On June 12, 2024, the Board of Directors approved that starting from February 1, 2024, the Company
agreed to grant shares of the Company s common stock to its CEO each month and shares to one of the board members each
month, payable quarterly with the aggregate number of shares for each quarter being issued on the first day of the next quarter at a per
share price of the closing price of the day prior to the issuance. During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company
recorded and stock compensation expense to the Company s CEO and one of the board members. 

22 

and files U.S. federal income tax return. As of September 30, 2024 and June
30, 2024, the U.S. entity had net operating loss NOL carry forwards for income tax purposes of million and
 million. The NOL arising in tax years beginning after 2017 may reduce of a taxpayer s taxable income, and be
carried forward indefinitely. However, the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act the CARES Act passed
in March 2020, provides tax relief to both corporate and noncorporate taxpayers by adding a five -year carryback period and temporarily
repealing the limitation for NOLs arising in 2018, 2019 and 2020. Management believes the realization of benefits from these
losses remains uncertain due to the parent Company s limited operating history and continuing losses. Accordingly, a deferred
tax asset valuation allowance was provided. 

The Company s offshore
subsidiary, Shuhai Skill (HK), a HK holding company is subject to corporate income tax in HK. Shuhai Beijing received a tax
holiday with a corporate income tax rate since it qualified as a high-tech company. Tianjin Information, Xunrui, Guozhong Times,
Guozhong Haoze, Guohao Century, Jingwei, Shuhai Nanjing are subject to the regular PRC income tax rate. 

As of September 30, 2024 and
June 30, 2024, the Company has approximately million and million of NOL from its HK holding company, PRC
subsidiaries and VIEs that expire in calendar years 2021 through 2025. In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management
considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization
of deferred tax assets depends upon the Company s future generation of taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences
representing net future deductible amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities,
projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all the information available,
management believes that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore
established a full valuation allowance as of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024. 

Tax rate difference current provision 

Permanent difference 
 
 -

Effect of PRC tax holiday 

Valuation allowance 

Effective tax rate 
 -
 
 -

R D expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

Bad debt expense 

Social security and insurance accrual 

Inventory impairment 

ROU, net of lease liabilities 

Total 

Less: valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax asset 
 -
 
 -

23 

, and has a monthly rent of RMB without
value added tax VAT (or ). The lease required a security deposit of three months rent of RMB (or). The Company received a six-month rent abatement, which was considered in calculating the present value of the lease payments
to determine the ROU asset which is being amortized over the term of the lease. On October 8, 2022, the Company renewed this
lease for another year but for half space of the previous lease, with a monthly rent of RMB ). The Company received
a one-month rent abatement. The lease expired at maturity without renewal. 

On November 8, 2023, Shuhai Beijing
entered into a new lease agreement for its office in Beijing. Pursuant to the agreement, the agreement commenced on November 8, 2023 and
will expire on , and has a monthly rent of RMB (or ). The deposit was RMB (or). The Company received a one-month rent abatement. 

On November 8, 2023, Tianjin
information entered into a lease agreement for its office in Beijing. Pursuant to the agreement, the agreement commenced on November 8,
2023 and will expire on , and has a monthly rent of RMB (or ). The deposit was RMB (or). The Company received a one-month rent abatement. 

In August 2020, the Company
entered into a lease for an office in Shenzhen City, China for three years from August 8, 2020 through August 7, 2023, with a monthly
rent of RMB for the first year. The rent will increase by each year starting from the second
year. The lease expired at maturity without renewal. 

On August 26, 2020, Tianjin Information
entered into a lease for the office in Hangzhou City, China from September 11, 2020 to October 5, 2022. The first year rent is RMB ).
The second-year rent is RMB ). The security deposit is RMB ). The total rent for
the lease period is to be paid in four installments. On October 6, 2022, Hangzhou took over and renewed this lease for one year, the total
rent is RMB ), payable every six months in advance. In May 2023, the lease was terminated. The total rent
expense was RMB for the year ended June 30, 2023. 

On May 10, 2023, Guo Hao Century
entered into a lease for the office in Hangzhou City, China from May 10, 2023 to May 9, 2025. The security deposit is RMB ). 

On September 30, 2023, the lease
was early terminated due to the management s decision of transferring operations in Hangzhou to Beijing headquarter office for maximizing
the efficiency and cost saving. 

On August 16, 2024, Shenzhen
Jingwei entered into a lease agreement for its office in Shenzhen. Pursuant to the agreement, the lease commenced on August 16, 2024 with
expiration on August 15, 2027, and has a monthly rent of RMB (or ). The deposit was RMB (or). The Company received a five-month rent abatement. 

24 

Lease liabilities - current Lease liabilities - noncurrent -
 Weighted average remaining lease term years years Weighted average discount rate - 

2026 

2027 

Total undiscounted cash flows 

Less: imputed interest 

Present value of lease liabilities 

shares of the Company s common stock to three non-U.S investors including the
Company s CEO and one of the directors, at price of per share. The Company received the proceeds in full of this offering
on October 15, 2024 . 

On
October 14, 2024, Tianjin Information and Hangzhou Liuhuan Technology Co., Ltd. entered into a patent transfer agreement. According to
the terms of the agreement, Hangzhou Liuhuan Technology Co., Ltd. will transfer ownership of two patents to Tianjin Information including: 

1) Patent No. 201810008029.2, an audio playback system based on voltage following, with a transfer price of RMB million (approximately million). 

2) Patent No. 202210061012.X, a B-ultrasound image detection method and B-ultrasound scanner, with a transfer price of RMB million (approximately million). 

As
of the reported date, the Company has made a full payment of million. 

In October
2024, the company received approximately RMB million (equivalent to million) cash prepayments from the Company's
several customers of 5G AI multimodal digital business. 

25 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act.
All statements other than statements of historical fact are forward-looking statements for purposes of federal and state
securities laws, including, but not limited to, any projections of earnings, revenue, or other financial items; any statements of the
plans, strategies, and objectives of management for future operations; any statements concerning proposed new services or developments;
any statements regarding future economic conditions of performance; and statements of belief; and any statements of assumptions underlying
any of the foregoing. Such forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, and other factors that may cause
our actual results, performance, or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, or achievements expressed
or implied by such forward-looking statements. 

In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, intend, might, 
 will, should, could, would, expect, believe, anticipate, 
 estimate, predict, potential, or the negative of these terms. These terms and similar expressions
are intended to identify forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements in this report are based upon management s current
expectations, which it believes are reasonable. However, we cannot assess the impact of each factor on our business or the extent to which
any factor or combination of factors, or factors we are aware of, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in
any forward-looking statements. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements. These statements represent
our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this report. Except to the extent required by federal securities laws, we undertake
no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date hereof or to reflect the occurrence
of unanticipated events. 

You
should be aware that our actual results could differ materially from those contained in the forward-looking statements due to several
factors, including: 

uncertainties relating to our ability to establish and operate our business and generate revenue; 

uncertainties relating to general economic, political, and business conditions in China; 

industry trends and changes in demand for our products and service 

uncertainties relating to customer plans and commitments and the timing of orders received from customers; 

announcements or changes in our advertising model and related pricing policies or that of our competitors; 

unanticipated delays in the development, market acceptance, or installation of our products and services; 

changes in Chinese government regulations; and 

availability, terms and deployment of capital, relationships with third-party equipment suppliers 

26 

Overview 

Company
Structure 

Datasea
Inc. is a technology company incorporated in Nevada, USA, on September 26, 2014, with subsidiaries and operating entities located in Delaware,
US, and China. The company provides acoustic business services (focusing on high-tech acoustic technologies and applications such as ultrasound,
infrasound, and Schumann resonance), 5G application services (5G AI multimodal digital business), and other products and services to various
corporate and individual customers. 

In
the acoustic business sector, Datasea is a global pioneer of the acoustic effect concept. Utilizing global leading Acoustics
+ AI precision manufacturing as the digital application framework, and leveraging sound wave technologies combined with acoustic
effects as the technological system, the company outputs acoustic high-tech products and solutions worldwide. Datasea strives to be a
leader in the development of China s high-tech precision manufacturing in the acoustic industry. Our products have wide-ranging
applications across various industries and sectors, including acoustic agriculture, acoustic industry, acoustic medicine, acoustic health,
and acoustic IoT technologies. In the 5G application sector, Datasea provides digital and intelligent services to enterprises and individual
users in China, leveraging AI, machine learning, and data analytic capabilities to offer a wide range of 5G application products and solutions. 

For the three months ending
September 30, 2024, our revenue was 21,081,094, reflecting a 206.4 increase compared to the same period in 2023. This revenue growth
is primarily due to the rapid expansion of our 5G AI multimodal communication business in China, with the company s 5G AI digital
business maintaining a leading position in the industry. Our growing customer base continues to support substantial business growth. 

Datasea
is not a Chinese operating company but a Nevada-based holding company with its Delaware subsidiary, Datasea Acoustics LLC, serving as
our U.S.-based international business platform. Additionally, through the Company s subsidiary in China Tianjin Information
Sea Information Technology Co., Ltd Shuhai Tianjin and the VIE, Shuhai Information Technology Co., Ltd. Shuhai
Beijing ), we carry out business activities in China, along with their subsidiary entities. Shuhai Beijing possesses cutting-edge
products and solutions in acoustics high tech and 5G AI multimodal digital applications to support commercial enterprises, households
and individuals in China. 

The company has two core
businesses: acoustic high-tech products and solutions, and 5G and AI multimodal digital applications, providing support for commercial
enterprises, households, and individuals in China. 

Datasea
is one of the global initiators of the concept of acoustic high-tech. By leveraging cutting-edge acoustic + AI 
precision manufacturing for digital applications and integrating acoustic technology with digital electronics, we aim to deliver advanced
acoustic high-tech products and solutions worldwide, positioning ourselves as a leader and pioneer in China s high-tech precision
manufacturing within the acoustic industry.The development and internationalization of acoustic products, including acoustic industry,
acoustic agriculture, acoustic medicine, and acoustic health, have always been a crucial strategy for the Company. 

27 

On the other hand, Datasea
continues to invest in the research and application of 5G AI multimodal digital technology, aiming to provide customers with cutting-edge
intelligent solutions. As a pioneer in China s 5G multimodal digital field, Datasea deeply integrates the high-speed, low-latency
capabilities of 5G networks with AI and big data processing technologies to create a comprehensive AI multimodal digital platform spanning
multiple industries. Datasea s AI multimodal digital products and solutions are widely applied in areas such as rural revitalization,
healthcare, and logistics, helping over 48.42 million enterprises and households in China (with over 99 being small and medium-sized
enterprises) by providing digital and intelligent services, driving industrial upgrades and fostering innovative development. 

The
development and internationalization of acoustic products, including acoustic industry, acoustic agriculture, acoustic medicine, and acoustic
health, have always been a crucial strategy for the Company. Following the establishment of its wholly-owned subsidiary, Datasea Acoustics
LLC, in Delaware in July 2023, the Company has actively implemented its global strategy. As of the date of this report, the Company has
partnered with several well-known U.S. online retailers and local smart product distributors to expand the online and physical store distribution
of its acoustic-related products in the U.S. Additionally, in collaboration with the renowned U.S. intellectual property firm Paul 
Paul, we are actively pursuing patent applications and acquiring high-quality patents to build a strong international intellectual property
portfolio. Focusing on the core area of acoustic high-tech, we are seeking potential merger and acquisition targets in acoustic industry
applications, acoustic agriculture, acoustic medical aesthetics, acoustic health, and acoustic IoT technologies. This is part of our strategy
for international expansion through mergers and acquisitions. 

Technology and Innovation 

The
company focuses on the acoustic high-tech industry, particularly in the research of ultrasound, infrasound, and Schumann resonance technologies.
By analyzing and introducing new industry segments within acoustic high-tech, we drive the development and application of these technologies,
including in-depth research on non-audible mechanical wave effects, which distinguishes us from others in the field. We combine acoustic
chemistry, mechanical transduction, and vibrational dynamics with artificial intelligence (AI), large language models, and data analytics.
Our acoustic high-tech products and 5G AI multimodal communication solutions serve over 48.42 million enterprises (with over 99 being
small and medium-sized enterprises) and households in China. 

Datasea,
rooted in the acoustic intelligence industry, is advancing rapidly in terms of technological innovation, product creation, and industry
application. The company emphasizes deep domestic and international collaboration and fosters the integration of industry, academia, and
research. Focusing on the acoustic intelligence industry, we have established five key segments in the acoustic sector, leading the industry
forward and providing cutting-edge acoustic intelligence technologies and products. 

The
Company holds an outstanding position in the field of acoustics, particularly in areas such as ultrasound, infrasound, and directional
sound. To promote research and innovation in these areas, the Company actively collaborates with several prominent research institutions
and universities, including Chinese Academy of Sciences Institute of Acoustics, China Academy of Information and Communications Technology
Cloud Computing and Big Data Research Institute, Tsinghua University Internet Industry Research Institute, Harbin Institute of Technology
Artificial Intelligence Research Institute, Beijing Union University, and Jilin University Remote Sensing Research Institute. The Company,
together with these partners, is dedicated to conducting research on new topics and developing novel technology applications to drive
advancements in the field of acoustics. To better achieve this goal, the Company collaborated for oint laboratories to enhance the integration
and collaboration of research resources. These collaborations and the establishment of these laboratories further solidify the Company s
leading position in the field of acoustics, providing a strong foundation for future innovations and development. 

28 

China s
First White Paper on High-Tech Acoustic Industry.Additionally, the company has jointly released China s first white paper on the
high-tech acoustic industry with the Ministry of Industry and Information Technology, the Key Laboratory for Artificial Intelligence Technologies
and Applications Evaluation, and the Cloud Computing and Big Data Research Institute of the China Academy of Information and Communications
Technology. This white paper provides a comprehensive analysis and authoritative presentation of acoustic technology, its commercialization,
and industry prospects. It discusses in detail the application of high-tech acoustics in various sectors, showcases Datasea s proactive
initiatives in leading industry development, and highlights the company s leading position in the high-tech acoustic field both
in China and globally. The white paper not only demonstrates Datasea s pioneering role in setting industry standards but also further
consolidates the company s strategic importance in advancing acoustic technology on both a national and global scale. 

Our Business Summary 

Acoustics
high tech Segment: 

We
deeply understand the market s demand for new application areas, technologies, and requirements. Therefore, through the relentless
efforts of our team, we have achieved leading-edge advancements in acoustic understanding and algorithms. Our company s acoustic
technologies and products are widely applied across various industries and fields, including acoustic industrial applications, acoustic
agriculture, acoustic medicine, acoustic health, and acoustic IoT technologies. 

Acoustic
High-Tech is a new field that integrates fundamental acoustic theory with artificial intelligence to collect and process acoustic
data and address various challenges. Datasea utilizes advanced technologies in this domain, combining basic acoustic theories with AI
to create a robust technology system centered around the effects of research and application of non-audible mechanical wave effects. This
includes leveraging ultrasonic technology for sterilization, which effectively combats viruses and prevents infections. The technology
exploits the mechanical, thermal, and cavitation effects of ultrasound. When microorganisms, including viruses like the coronavirus, are
exposed to ultrasound, they experience intense vibrational strains that disrupt their outer shells and internal RNA. The rapid movement
of protons caused by the ultrasound ultimately destroys microbial structures, eliminating harmful pathogens. 

Especially
in the field of ultrasonic technology, we utilize the cavitation, thermal, and mechanical effects of ultrasound to address various application
needs, including disinfection, sterilization, crop drying, safety monitoring, skincare, and medical wellness. For example, in the field
of ultrasonic disinfection, when ultrasound stimulates microorganisms (including coronaviruses), it causes significant vibrational strain,
disrupting the virus s outer shell and internal RNA. Ultimately, through a combination of mechanical destruction, cavitation effects,
and advanced oxidative processes, pathogenic microorganisms are eliminated. This method provides a broad-spectrum, non-selective disinfection
alternative to antibiotics. 

29 

Leveraging
Datasea s cutting-edge acoustic high-tech combined with AI technology, we have successfully developed a series of ultrasonic disinfection
products. These include the acoustic health series ultrasonic disinfectors, ultrasonic sterilizers and purifiers for restrooms,
bedrooms, living rooms, kitchens, and pets, as well as innovative non-contact ultrasonic skin repair devices. These products are
suitable for environments such as hospitals, airports, hotels, transportation, and residential settings. Leading laboratories, including
the Wuhan Institute of Virology, have proven that this ultrasonic disinfection technology achieves 99.83 efficacy against Covid-19 within
nine seconds and 99.99 efficacy against Staphylococcus Albus and E. coli. This strategic shift aims to offer more effective environmental
purification solutions and healthier lifestyles, serving China, the United States, and globally, particularly in the post-pandemic era
when there is a higher demand for protection and quality of life. 

Recent Development 

Our
Acoustic Products 

As
of the end of the three months on September 30, 2024, the company has developed a range of products, including intelligent sonic air purifiers,
ultrasonic sterilization and disinfection devices, and the Sleep Guardian for health improvement. These products offer a healthier living
experience through efficient, safe, and eco-friendly methods. 

The company continues to
intensify market promotion for its acoustic business, with its Datasea Sky Ear brand leveraging unique ultrasonic and Schumann
wave technologies. By utilizing sound wave properties, it enhances the effectiveness of air purification, sterilization, and environmental
improvement, enabling applications in disinfection and sterilization, crop drying, security monitoring, beauty and skincare, as well as
medical and wellness support. Additionally, by using ultrasonic and mechanical sound wave technologies, along with applying sound waves
and oscillations at appropriate frequencies to the human body, these technologies aim to promote blood circulation, regulate organ functions,
and support overall health, achieving preventative and therapeutic effects. Benefits include improved sleep quality, prevention of dementia,
and nerve repair. 

Sales and Distribution 

As of the date of this report,
the company implemented a new marketing strategy that includes: 1) covering multiple e-commerce platforms through brand building, product
packaging, and multi-channel marketing combined with a refined pricing strategy; and 2) close collaboration with market promotion channel
partners to drive product launches, increase sales volume, and expand market influence. 

1) Online
Distributors and Living Stream 

This
integrated marketing approach has helped the company rapidly increase market share and brand awareness. 

Marketing Channels: The strategy spans platforms
such as Tmall, JD.com, Douyin, Xiaohongshu, Dewu, Weibo, and Video Channels. Tmall and JD.com focus on brand exposure and promotional
activities, while Douyin leverages short videos and live-streamed sales, combining influencer partnerships (with over a hundred influencers)
and a distribution model to expand influence. Xiaohongshu and Dewu build user interest through seeding and community marketing,
while Weibo and Video Channels attract followers through educational content and topic marketing. 

30 

Brand and Product Packaging: The company promotes
a minimalistic yet premium brand image, showcasing its global leadership in sonic technology and commitment to a healthy lifestyle. The
main acoustic product, the Clean Comfort Protector, features multi-functions like air purification, sterilization,
and odor removal, and is marketed comprehensively for diverse consumer scenarios. 

Product Positioning Strategy: Product pricing
is targeted at the mid-to-high-end market. The company also offers various discounts and promotions tailored to platform events or partner
requirements to enhance sales appeal. 

2) Market Promotion
Team 

The
company continued to collaborate with three influential Chinese market promotion enterprises, which leverage extensive market resources
to recommend new clients for the company and facilitate the signing of contracts with these new clients. 

Key Customers and
Agreements 

On June 16, 2024, the Company s
wholly-owned subsidiary, Shuhai Jingwei (Shenzhen) Information Technology Co., Ltd. Shuhai Jingwei ), entered into a Sales
Agreement (the Agreement with Tianjin Qianli Culture Communication Co., Ltd. Qianli Culture for the sale
of approximately 2.6 million (RMB 18.6 million) of the Company s acoustic high tech products. This Agreement follows the signing
of two acoustic product sales agreements in April 2024, for a total of approximately 18 million. This Agreement sustains expected acoustic
product sales as well as overall Company revenue growth.According to the Agreement, Qianli Culture will purchases approximately 31,000
units of Datasea s Tianer and Star Sleep branded products by December 31, 2024, which encompass the
Company s air disinfection machines, restroom deodorization and disinfection devices and sleep aids The total sales contract is
for approximately 2.6 million (RMB 18.6 million). 

5G AI multimodal digital
Segment 

Our
achievements of 5G AI Multimodal digital 

5G AI multimodal digital
Segment 

Datasea continues to invest
in the research and application of 5G AI multimodal digital technology, committed to providing customers with leading intelligent solutions.
As a pioneer in China s 5G multimodal digital field, Datasea deeply integrates the high-speed and low-latency characteristics of
5G networks with AI and big data processing technologies to create a comprehensive AI multimodal digital platform that spans multiple
industries. This platform integrates various data forms, such as text, audio, and video, enabling efficient information generation, precise
transmission, and automation. It provides enterprise clients with high-quality services, including data packages and new media marketing.
Powered by AI, Datasea s 5G platform enhances customer acquisition, marketing, and brand building efficiency while creating new
opportunities for digital transformation and business models. Datasea s 5G products and solutions are widely applied in rural revitalization,
healthcare, and logistics, providing digital and intelligent services to over 48.42 million enterprises and households in China (with
more than 99 being small and medium-sized enterprises), driving industrial upgrades and innovative development. 

31 

Recent Development

Datasea s
core advantages and existing 5G AI multimodal digital products 

As
one of China s leading service providers in the 5G AI multimodal digital business field, Datasea s 5G AI multimodal digital
products deeply integrate text messages, multimedia messages, conversation messages, and value-added services. These products not only
support various application services but also enable real-time communication with user terminals through a native SMS application channel.
With an intelligent service system, the entire process is automated, allowing for self-service responses to customer needs, significantly
improving service efficiency, response speed, and user experience. 

Datasea
has utilized advanced AI processing technology to carry out a comprehensive technological upgrade to its 5G AI multimodal digital business,
resulting in disruptive functionality enhancements. Currently, the platform can intelligently generate and process various information
formats such as sound, text, images, and video with high precision and efficiency. Additionally, leveraging AI digital human technology,
the platform enables automated marketing, intelligent content creation, and efficient information transmission in the marketing field,
creating a powerful video matrix and precision marketing tools. This technological innovation offers customers a new level of brand building,
customer acquisition, and marketing solutions, significantly driving revenue growth and helping clients stand out in the competitive market.
Through the low-latency and high-speed transmission features of 5G, Datasea s products not only achieve real-time data interaction
but also support large-scale, customized, multi-channel content distribution, creating new business models and marketing opportunities
for enterprises. 

IV. The Company s
5G AI Multimodal Digital Business Products and Product Value 

As
one of the leading service providers in China s 5G AI multimodal digital business field, Datasea s 5G AI multimodal digital
products integrate text messages, multimedia messages, conversation messages, and value-added services to create a highly intelligent,
comprehensive digital platform with solutions spanning multiple industries, including rural revitalization, logistics, and the beauty
industry. Datasea s 5G AI multimodal digital business solutions provide 5G digital and intelligent services, as well as various
value-added services, to more than 48.42 million enterprises and institutions (over 99 of which are small and medium-sized enterprises)
and households in China. 

Datasea s
5G AI multimodal digital platform and solutions not only support a wide range of application services but also leverage a native SMS application
channel for instant communication with user terminals. With an intelligent service system, the entire process is fully automated, requiring
no manual intervention, enabling self-service responses and handling of customer needs. This significantly improves service efficiency,
response speed, and user experience. 

The
platform operates through cloud computing and SaaS models, supporting cross-industry applications, including digital transformation solutions
from rural revitalization to logistics and the beauty industry. In rural revitalization, the solution offers smart agriculture management
and infrastructure optimization, improving efficiency, reducing waste, and supporting rural modernization. Through precision agriculture,
remote healthcare, and education services, the solution enhances rural living standards. In the logistics sector, intelligent warehousing,
sorting, and unmanned delivery solutions help reduce costs and improve efficiency, driving the digital transformation of logistics and
providing faster, more reliable services, especially in remote areas. For the beauty industry, smart customer management, personalized
services, and remote consultations enhance service quality and customer satisfaction, fostering industry innovation and offering consumers
more personalized and efficient beauty services. 

32 

Sales and Distribution 

Through its independently developed
5G AI multimodal digital business platform, Datasea continues to support the digital transformation and upgrade of cities and enterprises
in the Chinese market. Recently, in terms of customer acquisition and marketing, the company has implemented a series of strong measures
to drive sales, achieving explosive growth in sales. 

Through
its own sales team, the Company vigorously promotes and publicizes the Company s research and development results and technology
display in 5G sales, actively participates in important seminars and business fairs around the country, and deeply explores the target
customers related to 5G news. Through painstaking efforts and keen business acumen, we have obtained a stable customer flow. 

Furthermore,
the Company also continued cooperation with professional 5G news business promotion team, and signed 5G communication marketing service
agreements with some marketing companies that have many years of advantages in Internet of Things market development, operation and promotion
services, have effective integration with mobile Internet enterprises, Internet of Things industry chain and other resources, and have
strong channel expansion and sales and operation capabilities, to carry out in-depth cooperation. Quickly and effectively recruit high-quality
partners for the Company to achieve rapid economic value transformation. Third party marketing companies bring us a large number of customers,
which is our total sales growth engine. 

Finally,
we have also carried out some preferential activities and implemented different discount policies for customers. Through preferential
activities to attract customers to participate in cooperation, increase customer participation and loyalty, thereby increasing sales artery. 

Key Customers
and Agreements 

During
the reporting period, the company broke the business expansion, in the promotion of a large number of small customers nationwide at the
same time, improve the number of large customers signed, and continue to successfully sign large customers, such as: Qingdao Ruizhi Yixing
Information Technology Co., LTD., Shanghai Shixun Network Technology Co., LTD., Wuhan Xiaoming Technology Co., LTD., Xinyi Xinfan Information
Technology Co., LTD. 

On August 9, 2024, Datasea s
operating entity in China, Shuhai Information Technology Co., LTD. Shuhai Beijing ), entered into an agreement with Shanghai
Shixun Network Technology Co., LTD. (hereinafter referred to as Shixun Network ). The agreement stipulates that the company
will purchase 5G AI multimodal data cards of various denominations within 12 months after the agreement comes into effect, with prices
ranging from 10 yuan to 500 yuan 1.38 to 69.4). From July 1 2024 to September 30 2024, the revenue from Shanghai Shixun Network Technology
Co., LTD reached RMB10,981,054 Yuan(equivalent to US 1,542,956). 

On August 9, 2024, Datasea s
operating entity in China, Guozhong Times (Beijing) Technology Co., LTD. Guozhong Times ), a subsidiary of Suhai Information
Technology Co., LTD. Shuhai Beijing ), entered into an agreement with Wuhan Xiaoming Technology Co., LTD. (hereinafter referred
to as Xiaoming Technology ). The agreement provides for the purchase of 5G AI multi-modal data recharge cards in various
denominations within 12 months after the agreement takes effect, with prices ranging from 10 yuan to 500 yuan 1.38 to 69.4). From July
1 2024 to September 30 2024, the revenue from Wuhan Xiaoming Technology Co., LTD reached RMB5,114,995Yuan(equivalent to US 718,712). 

33 

On August 12, 2024, Datasea s
operating entities in China, Shuhai Information Technology Co., LTD. Suhai Beijing )\ Heilongjiang Xungrui Technology Co.,
LTD. Xungrui Technology ), Shuhai Jingwei (Shenzhen) Information Technology Co., LTD. Shuhai Jingwei ), Guozhong
Haoze (Beijing) Technology Co., LTD. Guozhong Haoze and Guozhong Times (Beijing) Technology Co., LTD. Guozhong
Times entered into an agreement with Qingdao Ruizhiyixing Information Technology Co., LTD. (hereinafter referred to as RuizhiYixing ).
The agreement provides for the purchase of 5G AI multi-modal data recharge cards in various denominations within 12 months after the agreement
takes effect, with prices ranging from 10 yuan to 500 yuan 1.38 to 69.4). From July 1 2024 to September 30 2024, the revenue from Qingdao
Ruizhiyixing Information Technology Co., LTD reached RMB129,438,879 Yuan(equivalent to US 18,187,560). 

On September 24, 2024, Datasea s
operating entity in China, Guozhong Haoze (Beijing) Technology Co., LTD. Guozhong Haoze ), a subsidiary of Shuhai Information
Technology Co., LTD. Shuhai Beijing ), entered into an agreement with Xinyi Fanfa Information Technology Co., LTD. (hereinafter
referred to as Fanfa Technology ). The agreement provides for the purchase of 5G AI multi-modal data recharge cards in various
denominations within 12 months after the agreement takes effect, with prices ranging from 10 yuan to 500 yuan 1.38 to 69.4). From July
1 2024 to September 30 2024, the revenue from Xinyi Fanfa Information Technology Co., LTD reached RMB4,457,699Yuan(equivalent to US 626,356). 

Market Results 

Through its independently
developed 5G AI multimodal digital business platform, Datasea is supporting the digital transformation and upgrade of cities and enterprises
in the Chinese market. In terms of customer acquisition and marketing, the company has implemented a series of strong measures to drive
sales, achieving explosive growth. By the end of this fiscal year, the company s main source of revenue came from service fees related
to its 5G AI multimodal digital business services, The revenue from July 1 2024 to September 30 2024 reached 21,081,094, reflecting a
206.38 increase compared to the same period in 2023. The revenue growth is primarily due to the rapid expansion of China s 5G AI
multimodal digital business, with Datasea s 5G AI multimodal digital business maintaining a leadership position in the industry.
The continuous growth of the customer base supports the company s significant business expansion. 

ESG Management 

During the reporting period, Datasea remains committed
to advancing its ESG (Environmental, Social, and Governance) management framework, strengthening our competitive edge in sustainable development,
and making notable progress across multiple areas. Specifically, the company has taken targeted measures in supply chain management and
office environment optimization to enhance its commitment to environmental sustainability, demonstrating Datasea s practical actions
in the ESG space. 

First, as part of the company s ongoing
ESG strategy, Datasea prioritized environmental responsibility, social impact, and governance performance in the selection of new suppliers
for its acoustics business this quarter. Through a rigorous evaluation process, Datasea focused on selecting suppliers who have demonstrated
a commitment to sustainability and possess a positive record in environmental protection. Specifically, the company assessed potential
suppliers use of sustainable materials, carbon emission management, and energy efficiency improvement measures, ensuring that all
chosen partners are closely aligned with Datasea s ESG goals. This approach not only enhances Datasea s ESG compliance but
also strengthens the company s leadership in sustainable development within the industry. By incorporating this new strategy, Datasea
fortifies supply chain sustainability, setting a new standard for responsible practices that align with global best practices in environmental
and social accountability. 

34 

Second, Datasea s Shenzhen subsidiary, Shenzhen
Jingwei, has relocated to an energy-efficient office building this quarter. This new office space not only optimizes space usage but also
incorporates sustainable and energy-saving design concepts in its architecture and facilities. The office features high-efficiency energy
systems, including smart lighting controls, environmentally friendly cooling, and ventilation systems, aimed at minimizing energy consumption
and greenhouse gas emissions. Additionally, eco-friendly materials with a low carbon footprint were prioritized in the office renovation
and layout design, reducing emissions during the renovation process and ensuring a safe and healthy indoor environment that complies with
environmental standards. 

By implementing these energy-saving measures,
Datasea further reduces its operational environmental impact, demonstrating proactive environmental management. The new office space not
only meets Datasea s needs for a sustainable workplace but also showcases how to implement efficient and environmentally friendly
management practices in operations. This transition also provides employees with a greener, healthier work environment, encouraging them
to embrace ESG principles and contribute to Datasea s steady progress in sustainable development. 

Datasea will continue to enhance its ESG management
framework responsibly, regularly assessing the effectiveness of ESG initiatives and reporting progress to ensure that business practices
align with sustainability commitments. The company will continue to seek innovative solutions in future supply chain management and office
environment initiatives, further advancing green development and social responsibility in the industry and realizing long-term goals for
sustainable growth. 

Going Concern 

The
accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements were prepared assuming the Company will continue as a going concern, which
contemplates continuity of operations, realization of assets, and liquidation of liabilities in the normal course of business. For the
three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company had a net loss of approximately 1.96 million and 22,056, respectively. The
Company had an accumulated deficit of approximately 41.40 million as of September 30, 2024, and negative cash flow from operating activities
of approximately 0.73 million and 6.74 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

The
historical operating results indicate the Company has recurring losses from operations which raise the question related to the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern although the range of such recurring operating losses has narrowed in recent years. There can be
no assurance the Company will become profitable or obtain necessary financing for its business and investments or that it will be able
to continue in business and investments. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the
outcome of these uncertainties. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had cash of 937,606. 

35 

We
continue to bring in additional investors to support our company s research and development, marketing and operations. On August
1, 2023, the Company entered into two separate subscription agreements with a certain non-U.S. investor, pursuant to which the Company
agreed to sell and the investor agreed to purchase an aggregate of 4,760,000 shares of common stock price at a 1.2 per share purchase
price. Such shares must be held for a period of 365 days. In accordance with such two agreements, Investor shall pay a total purchase
price of 5,712,000 in RMB, at an amount of RMB 40,000,000, no later than September 30, 2023. On September 21, the Company has received
all of the payment of RMB 40,000,000. 

On
August 15, 2023, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with a non-U.S. investor to purchase an aggregate of 2,962,963 shares
of common stock price at a 1.35 per share purchase price, with a total subscription price of 4,000,000. The shares must be
held for a period of 180 days. On September 13, 2023, our Company announced the closing of an underwritten public offering of 5,000,000
shares of common stock at a public offering price of 0.40 per share, for net proceeds of 1,635,000, after deducting underwriting discounts
and other offering expenses. On July 3, 2024, we closed an offering for net proceeds of 2.2 million after deducting underwriting discounts
and other offering expenses. We believe these fundings demonstrate our investors confidence in our strategy and business. 

On October 3, 2024, Datasea Inc., a Nevada
corporation (the Company ), entered into subscription agreements, dated September 27, 2024 (the Subscription Agreements ),
with three non-U.S. investors (the Investors ), including Zhixin Liu, the Company s Chairwoman of the Board, Chief
Executive Officer, President and Secretary, and Fu Liu, a Director of the Company, pursuant to which the Company agreed to sell and the
Investors agreed to purchase an aggregate of 1,932,224 shares (the Shares of the Company s common stock, par value
 0.001 per share Common Stock ), at a purchase price of 2.06 per share (the Purchase Price ), which was equal
to the closing price of the Common Stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market on September 26, 2024 (the Offering ). Pursuant to
the terms of the Subscription Agreements, each Investor was required to pay the Purchase Price for the number of Shares such Investor
purchased within 15 business days of September 27, 2024. As of October 15, 2024, the Company had received the Purchase Price from each
Investor, representing gross proceeds in the aggregate amount of approximately 4.0 million, and all of the Shares had been issued. The
proceeds raised in the Offering will primarily be used to support the Company s future business operations, including investments in acoustic
high-tech related products design upgrade, working capital for mass production and on-line sales, acquiring intellectual property, and
working capital for the promotion and sales of 5G AI multimodal digital business products. 

If
deemed necessary, management could seek to raise additional funds by the way of introducing strategic investors or private or public offerings,
or by obtaining loans from banks or others, to support the Company s research and development, procurement, marketing and daily
operation. However, there can be no assurance that additional funds will be available when needed from any source or, if available,
will be available on terms that are acceptable to us. We may be required to pursue sources of additional capital through various means,
including debt or equity financings. 

Future
financings through equity investments are likely to be dilutive to existing stockholders. Also, the terms of securities we may issue in
the future capital transactions may be more favorable for new investors. Further, we may incur substantial costs in pursuing future capital
and/or financing, including investment banking fees, legal fees, accounting fees, printing and distribution expenses and other costs.
Our ability to obtain needed financing may be impaired by such factors as the capital markets and our history of losses, which could impact
the availability or cost of future financings. If the amount of capital we are able to raise from financing activities, together with
our revenues from operations, is not sufficient to satisfy our capital needs, even to the extent that we reduce our operations accordingly,
we may be required to cease operations. 

36 

Sustainable
operation can help enterprises improve operating efficiency, enhance the competitiveness of enterprises, and enhance the market share
of enterprises. 

Sustainable
operation can help enterprises better control risks, reduce operating costs, and ensure the safety of enterprises 

Sustainable
operation can help enterprises enhance their social image and enhance their sense of social responsibility. 

Sustainable
operation can help enterprises better grasp market opportunities, grasp market trends, and achieve a win-win situation between enterprises
and society. 

Significant Accounting
Policies 

Please
refer to our significant accounting policies in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included in this report. 

Recent
Developments 

On July 2, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement to issue and sell to
an investor in a registered direct offering (the Registered Direct Offering 179,400 shares of Common Stock at 3.25 per
share and pre-funded warrants to purchase up to 512,908 shares of Common Stock at 3.24 per share with an exercise price of 0.01 per
share (the Pre-Funded Warrants ). 

The securities in the Registered Direct Offering were issued under the Company s shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (File
No. 333-272889), filed with the SEC on June 23, 2023, and declared effective on July 21, 2023. A prospectus supplement was filed with
the SEC on July 3, 2024. 

The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable upon issuance and remain so until fully exercised. If the Company fails
to deliver shares upon valid exercise of the Pre-Funded Warrants, it must pay the holder liquidated damages as outlined in the warrants.
The warrants also provide customary buy-in rights should the Company fail to deliver shares within specified timeframes. 

Under the Pre-Funded Warrants terms, a holder may not exercise the warrant if it would result in ownership of more than 4.99 of
the outstanding shares of Common Stock, unless the holder elects to increase this limit to 9.99 with 61 days notice to the Company. 

Under
the Purchase Agreement, the Company agreed not to issue, enter into any agreement to issue, or announce the issuance or proposed issuance
of any Common Stock or equivalents, nor to file any new registration statement, for 60 days after the Registered Direct Offering s
closing. The Company also agreed not to enter into any variable rate transactions while the investor holds any pre-funded warrants. 

The Registered Direct Offering closed on July 3, 2024, with gross proceeds of approximately 2.25 million, before deducting fees payable
to the Placement Agent and other expenses. The Company intends to use the net proceeds for R D, market development, and general corporate
purposes. 

In connection with the Registered Direct Offering, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement (the Placement
Agency Agreement with EF Hutton LLC on July 2, 2024. Under this agreement, the Company will pay the Placement Agent a cash fee
of 6.5 of the gross proceeds and reimburse expenses up to 75,000. 

Additionally, as a condition to the closing of the Purchase Agreement, the Company s officers and directors entered into lock-up 
agreements, prohibiting them from disposing of any Company securities for 60 days from the Registered Direct Offering s closing
date, subject to certain exceptions. 

As disclosed in a Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on
October 3, 2024, the Company entered into subscription agreements dated September 27, 2024 (the Subscription Agreements with three non-U.S. investors, including Zhixin Liu, the Company s Chairwoman, CEO, President, and Secretary, and Fu Liu, a Director
of the Company. Under these agreements, the Company agreed to sell, and the Investors agreed to purchase, a total of 1,932,224 shares
of common stock, par value 0.001 per share Common Stock ), at a purchase price of 2.06 per share, which was the closing
price on the Nasdaq Capital Market as of September 26, 2024 (the Offering ). Each Investor was required to pay for their
Shares within 15 business days of September 27, 2024. 

As
of October 15, 2024, the Company received the purchase price from each Investor, totaling approximately 4.0 million, and all Shares
have been issued. The proceeds from the Offering will primarily support the Company s future operations, including investments
in high-tech acoustic product design upgrades, mass production, online sales, IP acquisition, and marketing for its 5G AI multimodal
digital business products. 

37 

Results of Operations 

Comparison
of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

The
following table sets forth the results of our operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, indicated
as a percentage of net sales. Certain columns may not add up due to rounding. 

2024 
 of Revenues 
 2023 
 of Revenues 
 
 Revenues 
 21,081,094 
 
 6,880,743 

Cost of revenues 
 20,884,113 
 99.1 
 6,806,008 
 98.9 
 
 Gross profit 
 196,981 
 0.9 
 74,735 
 1.1 
 
 Selling expenses 
 996,049 
 4.7 
 84,447 
 1.2 
 
 Research and development 
 103,079 
 0.5 
 155,004 
 2.3 
 
 General and administrative expenses 
 1,128,403 
 5.4 
 693,060 
 10.1 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 2,227,531 
 10.6 
 932,511 
 13.6 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (2,030,550 
 (9.6 
 (857,776 
 (12.5 
 
 Non-operating income (expenses), net 
 59,881 
 0.3 
 (7,758 
 (0.1 
 
 Loss before income taxes 
 (1,970,669 
 (9.3 
 (865,534 
 (12.6 
 
 Income tax expense 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Loss before noncontrolling interest from continuing operation 
 (1,970,669 
 (9.3 
 (865,534 
 (12.6 
 
 Income before noncontrolling interest from discontinued operation 
 - 
 - 
 833,546 
 12.1 
 
 Less: loss attributable to noncontrolling interest from continuing operation 
 (8,680 
 (0.04 
 (9,932 
 (0.1 
 
 Net loss to the Company from continuing operation 
 (1,961,989 
 (9.3 
 (855,602 
 (12.4 
 
 Net income (loss) to the Company from discontinued operation 
 - 
 - 
 833,546 
 12.1 
 
 Net loss to the Company 
 (1,961,989 
 (9.3 
 (22,056 
 (0.3 

Revenues 

We
had revenues of 21,081,094 and 6,880,743 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which shows a 14,200,351
increase by comparing with the same period of 2023, an increase of 206.4 over the same period last year. The increase in revenues was
mainly due to the rapid increase of 5G AI multimodal digital business in China. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, revenues
mainly consisted of service fees from our 5G AI Multimodal digital. The company s 5GAI multimodal digital business is an industry
leader, and the continued expansion of the company s customer base supports the continued significant improvement of the business. 

From
July 1, 2024 to September 30, 2024, the Company generated revenue of 21,081,094, including 21,075,584 from the 5G AI multimodal digital
business, 3,046 from Smart City Business, 2,464 from Acoustic Intelligence Business. From July 1, 2023 to September 30, 2023, the Company
generated revenue of 6,880,743, including 6,880,463 from the 5G messaging business and 280 from the acoustic intelligence. 

This
is inseparable from the Company s research and development support and personnel support over the years, the Company s upstream
and downstream chain maintenance and experience accumulation and precipitation eventually formed a huge loyal customer base, but also
closely related to the thriving vitality of the 5G market. 

Through
its own sales team, the Company vigorously promotes and publicizes its research and development results and technology display in 5G sales,
actively participates in important seminars and business fairs around the country, and deeply explores the target customers related to
5G news. Through painstaking efforts and keen business acumen, we have actually obtained a stable customer flow. 

The
Company s top five customers for 5G AI multimodal digital business at this stage are Xiamen Duoqiao Mai Network Technology Co.,
LTD., Hainuo Xintong (Qingdao) Network Technology Co., LTD., Qingdao Osaidi Network Technology Co., LTD., Qingdao Ruicheng Lida Network
Technology Co., LTD., and Weihai Hongyun Shihao Information Technology Co., LTD.. Through close business cooperation, the above customers
have become stable and loyal partners of the Company, and will work together in the future. 

In
terms of marketing promotion, the Company has hired a professional cooperative marketing team to introduce and recruit suitable and high-quality
stable customers for the Company. From the fourth quarter of 2023, the sales of the Company s 5G Multimodal communication business
has witnessed explosive growth, and the sales in the second quarter of 2024 have significantly increased compared with the previous quarter. 

At
present, the Company s research and development technology in 5G AI multimodal digital is leading in the industry. After long-term
expansion of customer groups, it has formed a stable customer group. At present, the Company has also hired a professional 5G Multimodal
communication business promotion team. We signed 5G communication marketing service agreements with some marketing companies that have
many years of advantages in iot market development, operation and promotion services, have effective integration with mobile Internet
enterprises, iot industry chain and other resources, and have strong channel expansion and sales and operation capabilities to carry out
in-depth cooperation. This business segment belongs to the stable growth of the company s business, and in the future, the company
will continue to grow steadily, steadily and rapidly in the 5G AI multimodal digital business segment. 

38 

Cost of Revenues 

We
recorded 20,884,113 and 6,806,008 cost of revenues for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, which shows
a 14,078,105 increase by comparing with the same period of 2023. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, cost of revenues was
mainly the 5G AI multimodal digital platform fees and Cloud Platform construction to suppliers. The increase in cost of revenues was due
mainly to the increased revenue of 5G AI multimodal digital. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the cost of 5G AI multimodal
digital was 20.88 million, the cost of smart city was 1,716 and the cost of Acoustic Intelligence business was 409. For the three months
ended September 30, 2023, the cost of 5G messaging was 6.81million, and the cost of intelligent acoustics business was 141. 

Gross Profit 

Gross
profit for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 196,981 compared to 74,735 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which
shows a 122,246 increase by comparing with the same period of 2023. The increase in gross profit was mainly due to the increase in sales
for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 

Gross
margin is 0.9 and 1.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. The decrease in gross margin was mainly due to the lower
gross profit margin of 5G AI multimodal digital service. 

Measures
to improve the gross profit margin of enterprises: 

1. 
 Reasons for the Company s choice of temporary cost leadership strategy: Due to the fierce competition in the 5G AI multimodal digital business market, the Company has established a good cooperative relationship with major customers in order to quickly occupy the market, promote the Company s 5G AI multimodal digital business, and temporarily yield profits at this stage, which is a period of market expansion. 

2. 
 Sales rebate and marketing reasons: In the marketing of 5G AI multimodal digital business, centralized procurement is made for customers prepaid accounts to ensure the security of the Company s funds. At this stage, sales to customers have a certain amount of sales rebates and marketing expenses. 

3. 
 According to the progress of the Company s strategic development, the cost of marketing promotion and sales rebate will be reduced and the gross profit rate will gradually increase after the customer group is stable and competitive. 

4. 
 The Company vigorously expands 5G related businesses, the most important purpose is to obtain market traffic and improve market brand influence. It can let more people know about the Company, and increase its exposure and visibility. 5G related services have become a tool to attract traffic and improve brands, which can drive revenue of other projects.4. 

5. 
 Actively carrying out 5G AI multimodal digital related business can attract more users attention and establish a good interactive relationship with users, which can firmly obtain a large number of loyal long-term user groups for the company, which has great potential for us to expand other revenue businesses and obtain new profit growth. It can drive business and revenue expansion in 5G refueling cards, 5G Internet of Things and other fields. 

6. 
 Upgrade the business model, add new acoustic intelligent products, different industry application fields, and high additional fields to improve the gross profit margin. 

39 

From
the perspective of market prospects, according to the prediction of Global Association for Mobile Communication Systems, by 2025, the
number of 5G connections in China will exceed the sum of North America and Europe, ranking first in the world. The number of 5G connections
will reach 460 million, accounting for 28 of the total connections in the country. 5G messaging has become an international standard.2
China will become one of the largest single contributors to the global growth of mobile internet users in the coming years, accounting
for nearly 20 of the total global increase. 

Combining
the advantages of Internet of Things+ intelligent terminals and 5G messaging industry chain, Shuhai Beijing is advancing
with the time, taking the train of the 5G era, and developing 5G Multimodal communication/phone top up business. At this stage, Shuhai Beijing
is carrying out the development, operation and promotion services of the Internet of Things market and increasing the effective combination
of resources with Mobile Internet enterprises and the Internet of Things industrial chain. 

In
2023, the 5G AI multimodal digital business of Shuhai Information accounts for a relatively big proportion of the total revenue, because,
at this stage, the business belongs to the early stage of the development, operation and promotion services of the Internet of Things
market, and the investment in all aspects is large. In addition, the gross profit of the traffic top up business is generally low. As
a result, the annual gross profit margin decreased from the previous year. The Company s focus in this business is to integrate
new resources, expand new businesses related to 5G, combine the Company s years of deep cultivation and accumulation in 5G news,
and take this opportunity to open up more 5G-related businesses to increase the Company s revenue and new business. 

In
China s mature and transparent market today, gross margins on services are far greater than those on hardware sales. The improvement
of gross profit margin shows that the Company s measures to improve gross profit margin are gradually showing effect: 1) costs will
be reduced by economic scale over a larger number of customers base and the increase in production; 2) the Company, by adopting the differentiation
strategy, grows brand recognition and customer loyalty, strengthening the Company s pricing power; 3) As the scale of 5G AI multimodal
communicaiton traffic top up services and the number of serviced customers, along with service quality, continue to improve, customized
and value-added services, as well as service fees, will gradually increase. This will boost the profitability of the Company s related
businesses. The Company will continue to increase the share of high gross profit products in the sales while increasing the revenue, so
as to further improve the gross profit rate and give investors a better return on investment. 

Selling, General and
Administrative, and Research and Development Expenses 

Selling
expenses were 996,049 and 84,447 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, representing an increase of 911,602
or 1,079.5 . The increase was mainly due to the increased advertising and marketing expenses by 884,401, increased service fee by 16,992
and increased other selling expenses by 10,209. 

Currently,
we are focusing on expanding the Company s leadingacoustics high tech technologies and products and continuing to develop 5G-related
applications. We incurred R D expenses of 103,079 and 155,004 during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively,
which shows a 51,925 or 33.5 decrease by comparing with the same period of 2023. 

40 

Research
and development expenses of 103,079 for three months ended September 30, 2024. The Company s research and development results include
but are not limited to the following: 

As
one of the leading service providers in China s 5G AI multimodal digital field, Datasea has several primary products and services
targeting different customers and needs, including: 5G AI multimodal new media marketing service platform,5G AI multimodal Smart Agriculture
(Digital Rural) Service Platform, 5G AI multimodal platform for small and micro-enterprise services platform and 5G AI multimodal traffic
top up platform. 5G AI multimodal digital business applications applicable to various industries in China, and payment system applications
combined with artificial intelligence (AI), big prediction mode and data analysis capabilities. 

Datasea
has completed a revolutionary upgrade of its core 5G multimodal communication business with AI processing technology. Currently, it can
achieve AI creation and generation of various information forms including sound, text, images, and videos, as well as efficient transmission
and AI digital human marketing functions. This capability can empower numerous industries and clients with potent marketing and video
matrix capabilities. It can contribute to clients in brand enhancement, customer acquisition, market promotion, and revenue uplift. 

In
the field of acoustic high-tech business, the company is one of the units that proposed the concept of acoustic effect in
the world, and exports acoustic high-tech products and solutions to the world. The company combines basic acoustic theory with artificial
intelligence, takes acoustic technology and acoustic effect as the technical system, and researches and applies non-audible mechanical
wave effects to collect and process acoustic data and solve problems. Datasea utilizes cutting-edge technologies in the field of acoustic
high technology and has the world s leading acoustic equipment to acoustic algorithm models. Acoustic technology and products are
widely used in various industries and fields, including acoustic agricultural applications, acoustic industrial applications, acoustic
medical, acoustic health and acoustic iot technology. Especially in the field of ultrasonic technology, the use of ultrasonic cavitation
effect, thermal effect, mechanical effect to solve the needs of various application scenarios, to achieve disinfection and sterilization,
crop drying, safety monitoring, beauty and skin care and medical health and other applications. 

Our
Acoustics and 5G intelligent products and solutions are able to serve more than 48.42 million enterprises and businesses of all types
(over 99 are SMEs) and households in China with digital and intelligent services. 

Market Promotion Team 

The
company has collaborated with three influential Chinese market promotion enterprises, which leverage extensive market resources to recommend
new clients for the company and facilitate the signing of contracts with these new clients. 

General
and administration expenses increased 435,343, or 62.8 from 693,060 during the three months ended September 30, 2023 to 1,128,403
during the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was mainly due to increased stock compensation expense by 354,900, increased
professional service fee by 150,493 and increased meal and entertainment fee by 34,068, which was partly offset by decreased payroll
expense by 10,818, decreased travel expense by 21,743, decreased rent expense by 23,872 and decreased amortization expense by 47,842. 

We
are treating human capital as a key indicator to drive business growth and technical innovation, also pursuing better integrated channels
with related industries. 

Non-Operating
Income (Expenses), net 

41 

Non-operating
income were 59,881 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, consisting mainly of interest income of 4,055 and other income of
 55,826. Non-operating expenses were 7,758 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, consisting mainly of interest income of 106
and other expenses of 7,864. 

Net
(Income) Loss from Discontinued Operation 

We
generated net income from discontinued operation of 833,546 (which was the gain on disposal of Zhangxun) for the three months ended September
30, 2023. 

Net Loss from continuing
operation 

We
generated net loss from continuing operation of 1,961,989 and 855,602 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively,
an 1,106,387 or 129.3 increase by comparing with the same period of 2023. The increase in net loss was mainly due to the increase in
operating expenses which was partly offset by increased gross profit as explained above. 

Accounts receivable 

The
operating revenue of the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 21,081,094, the balance of accounts receivable was 18,445 at September
30, 2024. In the same period last year, the operating revenue was 6,880,743, and the accounts receivable balance was 22,158 at September
30, 2023. This quarter, the Company further segmented the market, planned eight regional headquarters, strengthened the collection control,
and promoted the fund collection of contracted delivery projects, which led to the benign return of funds and had a far-reaching impact
on the future. 

Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

Historically,
we have funded our operations primarily through the sale of our common stock and shareholder loans. To enhance our ability to continue
to operate as a going concern, we are dedicating resources to generate recurring revenues and sustainable operating cash flows. 

We
expect to generate revenues through expanding our current 5G AI multimodal digital business and acoustic intelligence business, and through
continuous product innovation and development as well as various types of value-added services. In order to maintain working capital sufficient
to support our operations and finance the future growth of our business, we expect to fund any cash flow shortfall through financial support
from our majority stockholders (who are also our board members or officers) and public or private issuance of securities. However, such
additional cash resources may not be available to us on desirable terms, or at all, if and when needed by us. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had a working capital of 3,422,544 or
a current ratio of 1.91:1, and our current assets were 6,950,373. As of June 30, 2024, we had a working capital deficit of 952,090 or
a current ratio of 0.74:1. Our current assets were 2,647,892. 

We
expect the Company to continue to support its ongoing operations and financing through revenue growth and increased financing activities.
However, there is no assurance that the Company will be able to secure such additional working capital on commercially viable terms or
at all. 

42 

The
following is a summary of cash provided by or used in each of the indicated types of activities during the three months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (732,655 
 (6,744,413 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (47,520 
 (365 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 1,490,992 
 8,080,455 

Cash Flow from
Operating Activities 

Net
cash used in operating activities was 732,655 during the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net cash used in operating
activities of 6,744,413 during the three months ended September 30, 2023, a decrease in cash outflow of 6,011,758. 

The
decrease in cash outflow was mainly due to 1) increased collection of accounts receivable by 722,820, 2) decreased cash outflow on prepaid
expenses and other current assets by 5.31 million, 3) increased payment received from customers for unearned revenue by 1.29 million,
and 4) decreased payment on lease liabilities by 68,540, despite we had increased cash outflow on accounts payable by 0.61 million,
and net loss of 1.97 million with adjustment of non-cash stock compensation expense of 375,000 for the three months ended September
30, 2024, comparing with net loss of 31,988 with adjustment of non-cash income of gain on disposal of subsidiary of 0.83 million for
the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

Cash Flow from
Investing Activities 

Net
cash used in investing activities totaled 47,520 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, which consisted of cash paid for the
acquisition of office furniture and equipment of 2,752 and cash paid for acquisition of intangible assets by 44,768. Net cash used in
investing activities totaled 365 for the three months ended September 30, 2023, which consisted of cash paid for the acquisition of office
furniture and equipment of 330, and cash disposed due to disposal of subsidiary of 35. 

Cash Flow from
Financing Activities 

Net
cash provided by financing activities was 1,490,992 during the three months ended September 30, 2024, which was net proceeds from sale
of our common stock through an equity financing of 1,958,751, which was partly offset by repayment of loan payables of 40,815 and repayment
to related parties of 426,944. Net cash provided by financing activities was 8,080,455 during the three months ended September
30, 2023, which was the net proceeds from loans payable of 879,422, and net proceeds from sale of our common stock through an equity
financing of 8,061,286, which was partly offset by repayment of loan payables of 184,425 and repayment to related parties by 675,828. 

Loan from banks 

On
April 10, 2024, Guozhong Times entered a loan agreement with Bank of Beijing for the amount of RMB 500,000 70,158) with a
term of 12 months with a preferential annual interest rate of 3.45 to be paid every 21 st of each month.
For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded and paid 619 interest expense for this loan. As of September
30, 2024, 71,353 was recorded as current liabilities. 

On
April 23, 2024, Guozhong Times entered a loan agreement with Beijing Rural Commercial Bank Economic and Technological Development Zone
Branch for the amount of RMB 550,000 77,173) with a term of 12 months with the annual interest rate of 4.95 
to be paid every 21 st of each month. For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded and paid 978 interest
expense for this loan. As of September 30, 2024, 78,488 was recorded as current liabilities. 

43 

On
April 25, 2024, Shuhai Beijing entered a loan agreement with Industrial Bank Co., Ltd for the amount of RMB 2,000,000 280,631)
with a term of 12 months with a preferential annual interest rate of 3.88 to be paid every 21st of each month. For the
three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded and paid 2,786 interest expense for this loan. As of September 30, 2024,
 285,413 was recorded as current liabilities. Liu Fu is the guarantor of this loan agreement. 

On
May 28, 2024, Guozhong Times entered a loan agreement with China Everbright Bank for the amount of RMB 1,000,000 140,315)
with a term of 12 months with the annual interest rate of 3.4 to be paid every 21 st of each month. For
the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded and paid 1,221 interest expense for this loan. As of September 30,
2024, 142,706 was recorded as current liabilities. 

On
June 20, 2024, Shuhai Beijing entered a loan agreement with Bank of China for the amount of RMB 4,000,000 561,262) with a
term of 12 months with a preferential annual interest rate of 2.30 to be paid every 21st of the third months of each quarter.
For the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded and paid 3,034 interest expense for this loan. As of September
30, 2024, 570,826 was recorded as current liabilities. Liu Fu is the guarantor of this loan agreement. 

As
of September 30, 2024, the total liabilities of Datasea are 3,660,370, which shows a 1.68 increase from June 30, 2024. The increase
of liability is due to the increase of lease liability by 169,805, increase of unearned revenue by 1,263,078, increased accrued expense
and other payables by 95,078 which was partly offset by decreased due to related party by 654,560, decreased outstanding of accounts
payable by 791,501and decreased loan payable by 21,512. 

Analysis
of financial index 

As of September 30, 2024 and
June 30, 2024, the company s inventory was US 208,062 and US 153,583, an increase of US 54,479, or a growth rate of 35.47 , compared
with the end of the previous fiscal year. The company has formed a certain production scale after continuous investment in acoustic intelligent
products and independent research and development. And make use of the existing advantages and capabilities to open new markets to bring
more revenue for the company to meet customer needs. Increasing inventory can ensure that the company has enough products or raw materials
to meet customer order needs, avoid the situation of stock shortage, and thus improve customer satisfaction. Appropriately increasing
inventories can help enterprises cope with sudden demand growth or price increases, reduce the risk of supply disruption, reduce the waiting
time in the production process, make the production process smoother and improve production efficiency. By increasing the purchase volume
of inventory, the company can obtain discounts and concessions for bulk purchases and reduce procurement costs. Increasing inventory can
meet market demand in time to seize sales opportunities when promotion or peak season comes. 

As of September 30, 2024 and
June 30, 2024, the Company s cash balance was 937,606 and 181,262, respectively, an increase of 756,344 from the end of the prior fiscal
year and an increase of 417.27 from the end of the prior fiscal year. Mainly due to the successful financing of the company in the quarter,
by absorbing major shareholder investment and capital market funds, expanding the scale of the company, increasing investment in research
and development, intellectual property rights and market expansion, strengthening the competitiveness of the company s brand, laying a
solid foundation for the sustainable development of the company. The increase in sales revenue brought about by the increase in demand
for products and services and a number of capital inflows brought about by the expansion of financing channels, the company has optimized
its asset structure and enhanced its financial strength and liquidity. 

44 

As of September 30, 2024 and
June 30, 2024, the Company s accounts receivable balance was 18,445 and 718,546, respectively, a decrease of 700,101 from the end of
the prior fiscal year and 97.43 from the end of the prior fiscal year. The reduction in accounts receivable means that businesses are
able to convert claims from credit sales into cash more quickly, which increases the speed and availability of funds. Enterprises can
use funds more flexibly for production and operation, investment expansion or debt repayment, reducing the risk of capital shortage. A
reduction in accounts receivable would make a company s balance sheet healthier. The increase of cash content in current assets and the
decrease of accounts receivable will help improve financial indicators such as the current ratio and quick ratio of enterprises, and enhance
the solvency and credit rating of enterprises. A reduction in accounts receivable can allow a company to reduce its need for external
financing, thereby reducing interest expense and financing costs. The company strengthens the credit management of accounts receivable,
so that external funds can return as soon as possible and maintain a good capital turnover. 

As of September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, the Company s
current assets were 7,181,924and 2,647,892, respectively. An increase of 4,534,032 from the end of the previous fiscal year, representing
an increase of 171.23 from the end of the previous fiscal year. The increase of current assets enables the company to meet the repayment
requirements of short-term debts more easily, reduces the financial risk of the enterprise, and enhances the confidence of creditors in
the enterprise; Improve liquidity, help enterprises maintain operational flexibility, better adapt to changes in the market environment;
Can guarantee the continuity of production and operation, promote sales growth; Enhance the anti-risk ability of enterprises, in the case
of economic instability or market volatility, current assets can be used as a cushion for enterprises to maintain the normal operation
of enterprises. 

For the months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s revenue was 21,081,094 and 6,880,743, respectively. An increase of 14,200,351 from the same period
last year, an increase of 206.38 from the same period last year, and the revenue growth was mainly due to the rapid growth of 5G AI multimodal
digital business. The company constantly excavates high-quality customers, maintains market share, and constantly expands new customers. 

- Market share expansion:
Through effective marketing strategies and high-quality product or service quality, the company gains an advantage in the competition
and grabs more market share, resulting in an increase in operating income. 

- Sales channel expansion:
To develop new sales channels, which can increase the coverage of products or services, thereby increasing sales revenue. 

Customer base expansion: The
company successfully attracted more new customers while maintaining the loyalty of existing customers, resulting in an increase in the
number of customers, which in turn drove revenue growth. 

Favorable industry trend:
The industry as a whole is in an upward trend and the market environment is good, which provides favorable conditions for the company s
operating income growth. 

Improve operational efficiency:
Operational improvements such as optimizing production processes, reducing costs, improving product quality and speed of delivery help
increase the company s competitiveness and sales. 

- Improved macroeconomic environment:
The overall economic situation is improving, consumer confidence is increasing, and business investment is increasing, which may drive
demand for the company s products or services and promote operating income growth. 

45 

For the three months ended
September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company s gross profit was 196,981 and 74,735, respectively. Gross profit increased 122,246 from the
same period last year, an increase of 163.57 from the same period last year, primarily due to the Company s significant increase in market
share and significant increase in operating income. The increase in gross profit means that the company has great potential for development
and operation. 

- Improved shareholder returns:
For shareholders, an increase in the gross profit of a business usually leads to an increase in net profit, which increases the dividend
distribution and stock value for shareholders. This helps to increase shareholder confidence in the company and attract more investors. 

- Consolidation of market
position: Higher gross profit makes enterprises more competitive in the market, and can attract more customers through price advantages,
product quality or service differentiation, expand market share, and further consolidate the market position of enterprises. 

Innovation and R D investment:
The increase in gross profit provides companies with more funds for innovation and R D activities. This helps enterprises to continuously
launch new products, improve existing products and services, meet the changes in market demand, and maintain the technological leadership
of enterprises and sustainable development capabilities. 

As of September 30, 2024 and
June 30, 2024, the Company s accounts received in advance balance was 1312,317 and 49,239, respectively, an increase of 1,263,078 from
the end of the prior fiscal year and an increase of 2,565.2 from the end of the prior fiscal year. The benefits of increased advances
include: 

- Improve cash flow and enhance
the financial stability of the enterprise. 

- Reduce business risks to
a certain extent. With a certain amount of financial security, the potential loss is reduced. 

Forecasting demand: Advance
collections can provide companies with information about market demand. By analyzing the situation of advance payment, enterprises can
better understand the needs and purchase intentions of customers, so as to more accurately predict the market demand, rationally arrange
production and sales plans, and improve the efficiency of resource utilization. 

- Enhance market competitiveness:
The ability to collect advance payments may indicate that the company s products or services have a certain attractiveness and market
competitiveness. This can enhance the position of the enterprise in the market, attract more customers, and lay a good foundation for
the development of the enterprise. 

- Improve customer loyalty:
For some customers, the willingness to pay in advance may be due to their high trust and satisfaction with the company s products or services.
By offering the option of receiving money in advance, businesses can further strengthen their relationships with customers, increase customer
loyalty and promote long-term cooperation. 

- Cost of capital advantage:
The advance payment can reduce the enterprise s need for external financing, thus reducing financing costs. 

46 

As of September 30, 2024 and
June 30, 2024, the capital reserve balance was 45,268,415 and 38,957,780, respectively, an increase of 6,310,635 or 16.20 from the
beginning of the fiscal year, primarily due to an increase in the Company s stock offerings. The increase in capital reserve means that
the enterprise has obtained additional funds, which can improve the overall financial strength of the enterprise, so that the enterprise
has more funds at its disposal during the operation process. With the increase of capital reserve, the capital adequacy ratio of enterprises
has been improved, thus enhancing the financial stability and anti-risk ability of enterprises. The capital increase of major shareholders
indicates that they are optimistic about the future prospects of the company, believe that the company has growth potential, and are willing
to invest more funds to support the development of the company. Enhance the strength of the company: Capital increase can provide more
funds for the company to expand the scale of production, research and development of new products, expand the market, improve the financial
situation, etc., so as to enhance the competitiveness and profitability of the company. The capital increase of major shareholders can
convey a signal of positive development of the company to the market and help enhance investors confidence in the company. In the face
of market volatility and uncertainty, enterprises can be more confident to cope with challenges. An increase in capital reserves also
increases net asset value per share and is a positive financial indicator for shareholders. This is conducive to enhancing the investment
confidence of shareholders and the market value of enterprises. 

Going forward 

Datasea
Inc., as a leading global technology company and a practitioner of high-quality development in the acoustic intelligence industry, is
committed to changing the world with sound, rediscovering sound, and constantly exploring innovation and development in the field of acoustic
business and 5G applications. Looking ahead, we will continue to consolidate our leadership and leading position in the field of acoustic
high-tech industry and 5G AI multimodal digitalization, and actively promote technological progress, product iteration and upgrade, and
market expansion. The following are our future growth strategies and focus areas: 

1. Innovation and Market Development in Acoustic High-Tech Business: Datasea will deepen its research in
ultrasonic, infrasonic, and other non-audible mechanical wave technologies, continually optimizing acoustic algorithms to drive innovative
applications of acoustic AI in agriculture, healthcare, and wellness. Beyond technical R D and new product development, the company
aims to expand its sales scale in China through multiple channels, including online e-commerce and live-streaming, to enhance market reach.
In the U.S., Datasea will accelerate product promotion and market penetration by working closely with partners and channel distributors,
delivering high-tech acoustic solutions to global clients and exploring new market opportunities. 

2. Deepening 5G AI Multimodal Digital Business: Datasea will strengthen AI algorithm processing capabilities
to improve the digital user experience, particularly in providing efficient, intelligent solutions for industries such as logistics, beauty,
and rural revitalization, while continuously boosting revenue scale and gross margins. 

3. Market Expansion and Layout: While consolidating its domestic market, Datasea will actively expand into
international markets through strategic partnerships, targeting emerging markets in North America, Southeast Asia, and beyond, with core
products designed to meet global customer needs. 

47 

4. Sustainable Development: Committed to green technology, Datasea aims to reduce its carbon footprint by
enhancing energy efficiency and using eco-friendly materials, while also actively engaging in social welfare projects to promote corporate
responsibility and social impact. 

5. Talent and Organizational Development: The company will continue to attract globally minded talent, optimize
management structures, and stimulate creativity through equity incentives, ensuring organizational vitality and competitive advantage. 

6. Global M A and Technology Collaboration: By leveraging mergers, acquisitions, and strategic partnerships,
especially in the U.S. market, Datasea aims to integrate technology and market resources to deepen its acoustic intelligence footprint,
achieving technical synergy and market expansion. 

7. Intellectual Property and Brand Enhancement: Through patent protection of global technology innovations,
Datasea will strengthen brand influence to secure its leading position in the global acoustic intelligence market, thereby increasing
brand value. 

8. International Risk Control Management: Datasea will establish a robust global risk control system through
intelligent risk control and cross-border data compliance management, ensuring stable operations amid global expansion. 

These initiatives underscore Datasea s commitment
to internationalization, innovation, and digital development, driving sustained growth and industry leadership in the fields of acoustic
intelligence and 5G digitalization. The company will continue to work with global clients and partners to create greater social value. 

Off-Balance Sheet
Arrangements 

There
are no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition,
changes in financial condition, revenues, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources. 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK 

This item is not applicable as we are currently
considered a smaller reporting company. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As required by Rule 13a-15 of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer evaluated our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) or 15d-15(e) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended) as of the end of the period covered by this report.
Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered
by this report, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were not effective. This conclusion was reached in light of the
following material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting: 

(i) 
 inadequate segregation of duties and effective risk assessment; 

(ii) 
 lack of personnel adequately trained in U.S. GAAP; and 

(iii) 
 insufficient written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting with respect to the requirements and application of both U.S. GAAP and SEC guidelines. 

48 

Management s Strategies for Enhancing
Internal Control: 

In
the previous fiscal year, we recognized the weaknesses in our internal control over financial reporting and have taken proactive steps
to enhance and refine our internal control framework. These initiatives primarily include: 

1. 
 Continuous Improvement of Internal Control Procedures: We remain committed to refining our internal control processes, encompassing various aspects such as the budget approval process, procurement and asset management, credit control, internal audits, and cost accounting. Additionally, we have compiled a comprehensive internal control policy, incorporating guidelines for procurement control, inventory management, and fraud prevention. 

2. 
 Collaborative Oversight Mechanism: To strengthen internal control implementation, we have established a collaborative mechanism between the internal control department and the legal department. This mechanism involves conducting interviews with department heads, promptly addressing identified risk areas, and ensuring corrective actions are taken. 

3. 
 Engagement with Financing Underwriters: We have engaged financing underwriters to work closely with our international department to facilitate the company s financing efforts. This partnership aims to improve our understanding of investor backgrounds and identify financing methods that align best with our objectives. 

4. 
 Enhanced Collaboration with Legal Professionals: We are reinforcing collaboration between our internal and external legal teams to proactively mitigate risks. 

In
addition to these efforts, we have adopted various internal control policies, including the review of accounting personnel duties and
responsibilities, travel allowances, reimbursement procedures, receivable management, asset control, internal audit processes, and cost
accounting. Furthermore, we have established an internal audit department under the leadership of a director of internal audit, along
with a legal team, to ensure compliance and effective risk management. 

Further Enhancements
Include: 

5. 
 Personnel Training: We are committed to training our staff to ensure the proper execution of internal control policies and procedures. 

6. 
 Regular Reporting to the Audit Committee: We will continue to provide quarterly summaries of internal control and audit reports to the Audit Committee. 

7. 
 Quarterly Review with U.S. CPA: Each quarter, we will conduct a trial balance review in collaboration with a U.S. Certified Public Accountant (CPA) after their review or audit. 

49 

Specifically
we have also implemented the following practices to enhance Datasea featured internal control system: 

1.
Projects Pre-approval: 

We
have carried out project development at irregular intervals according to the needs of business development. Before the project is officially
initiated, we have organized the setup of the project review group. The project review group has mainly reviewed the project s market
development prospect report, project proposal, project report and other documentations that are prepared by the project development team.
After communication and discussion by the review team, the project will be formally approved. 

2. Significant Issues: 

Significant
issues will go through meetings of the President s Office. During those meetings, the Company s strategic adjustments of the
business and major projects or events will be discussed. Only after the board meeting or the resolution of the board of directors, the
decisions will be implemented in accordance with the meetings. 

3. HR Management,
Responsibility, Rewards and Penalties System: 

We
have strict control over talents and their efficiency, from the probation period to the conversion to regular employees. After the employees
passing the strict evaluation, they will be included in the regular employees pool and sign the job responsibility letter and performance
commitment letter. They will go through monthly performance assessment and evaluation as the basis for salary settlement. We will give
rewards to employees with excellent performance from time to time, and the rewards are not limited to cash and stocks. We also gives certain
penalty measures for employees work mistakes, such as deduction of performance-based salary. 

4. Budget Management: 

The
internal control department organizes all departments to participate in the full budget formulation and budget implementation, and comprehensively
develop and implement the annual full budget data according to funds, assets, project initiation, business line revenue, and costs. The
internal control center strictly controls the budget. The execution department, the finance department, the CEO and the chairman of the
board jointly approve and execute the budget. In the process of budget implementation, we adopt the monthly rolling budget system, and
the Group financial management internal control center makes statistical analysis of the implementation results to help each business
unit complete the performance targets and strive to achieve the annual target of the Group company. 

5. Operation
Management: 

We
combine centralized and decentralized management styles according to the business line types and operating characteristics of each subsidiary
of the group. We will give our subsidiaries certain management rights so that we will not miss any business opportunities. In terms of
production and operation, from project initiation, procurement to sales, we have a complete control process. For example, before purchasing,
we need to look around in the market and select high-quality suppliers after the audit of the group s financial management internal
control center. We are willing to build long-term stable and friendly cooperation with high-quality suppliers. We will develop a complete
process from the product check-in to check-out. After the approval of all parties, the procedure of product check-out will be completed
to avoid risks. 

6. Business
Development Personnel Management: 

For
excellent business development personnel, we formulate relevant royalty management measures with comprehensive considerations about different
lines of business, different products combined with different market conditions. We distribute salary and bonus according to performance.
Business development personnel who successfully complete the sales target can get generous remuneration. These measures actively motivate
business development personnel to complete the group s annual performance goals. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than as described above, there were no changes
in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ending September 30, 2024 that have materially affected or are reasonably
likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

50 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not a party to any pending legal proceedings and no such proceedings
are known to be contemplated. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Not required of smaller reporting companies. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

Shares Issued for Equity
Financing 

As of September
30, 2024, the Company issued 1,932,224 shares of the Company s common stock to three non-U.S investors including the Company s
CEO and one of the directors, at price of 2.06 per share. The Company received the proceeds in full from this offering at October 15,
2024. 

On July
2, 2024, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement, pursuant to which the Company agreed to issue and sell to an investor
in a registered direct offering 179,400 shares of the Company s common stock, at a price of 3.25 per share and pre-funded warrants
to purchase up to 512,908 shares of Common Stock at a price of 3.24 per share with an exercise price of 0.01 per share (the Pre-Funded
Warrants ). The Pre-Funded Warrants are exercisable upon issuance and will remain exercisable until all the Pre-Funded Warrants
are exercised in full. In connection with the Offering, on July 2, 2024, the Company entered into a placement agency agreement with
EF Hutton LLC (the Placement Agent ). Pursuant to the terms of the placement agency agreement, the Company will pay the placement
agent a cash fee of 6.5 of the gross proceeds the Company receives in the offering at closing. The Company also agreed to reimburse
the Placement Agent at the closing of the Offering, for expenses incurred, including disbursements of its legal counsel, in an amount
not to exceed an aggregate of 75,000. The closing of the offering occurred on July 3, 2024. The Pre-Funded Warrants were exercised in
full as of September 30, 2024. The gross proceeds of the Offering are approximately 2.25 million before deducting fees to the Company s
placement agent and other offering expenses payable by the Company, for which was 0.29 million. The Company intends to use the net
proceeds from the Offering for research and development, market development and for general corporate purposes. 

Shares Issued for Acquiring
Intangible Assets from Related Parties 

On August
9, 2024, the Company entered into an intellectual property purchase agreement with Ms. Zhixin Liu, the Company s Chairwoman and
CEO, pursuant to which Ms. Zhixin Liu transferred to the Company two intangible assets (software copyrights) owned by her personally.
The Committee has decided to grant Zhixin Liu 398,925 restricted shares for the purchase of this software. 

On August
9, 2024, the Company entered into an intellectual property purchase agreement with Mr. Fu Liu, the Company s director of board,
pursuant to which Mr. Fu Liu transferred to the Company two intangible assets (software copyrights) owned by himself. The Committee
has decided to grant Fu Liu 398,925 restricted shares for the purchase of this software. 

51 

Shares
to Independent Directors as Compensation 

During the three months ended
September 30, 2024, the Company recorded 4,500 stock compensation expense to independent directors through the issuance of shares
of the Company s common stock at the market price of the stock issuance date, pursuant to the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 

During the three months ended September 30, 2024,
there were no modifications, or by any directors or officers to any contract, instruction or
written plan for the purchase or sale of securities of the Company that is intended to satisfy the affirmative defense conditions of Rule
10b5-1(c) or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading agreements. 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS. 

Exhibit 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Sarbanes Oxley Section 302 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Sarbanes Oxley Section 302 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification by Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification by Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document XBRL 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

The certifications attached as Exhibits 32.1 and 32.2 accompany this quarterly report on Form 10-Q pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and shall not be deemed filed by the Registrant for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

52 

SIGNATURES 

In accordance with Section 13 or 15(d) of the
Exchange Act, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

DATASEA INC. 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Zhixin Liu 

Name: 
 Zhixin Liu 

Title: 
 President 

Chief Executive Officer 

(principal executive officer) 

Date: November 13, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Mingzhou Sun 

Name: 
 Mingzhou Sun 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(principal financial officer and principal accounting officer) 

53 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022012701ex31-1_datasea.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Zhixin Liu, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Datasea Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Zhixin Liu 

Zhixin Liu 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022012701ex31-2_datasea.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13A-14(A) UNDER THE SECURITIES
EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Mingzhou Sun, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Datasea Inc.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; and 

b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; and 

c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Mingzhou Sun 

Mingzhou Sun 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022012701ex32-1_datasea.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Datasea
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Zhixin Liu 

Zhixin Liu 

Chief Executive Officer and Chairman 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022012701ex32-2_datasea.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Datasea
Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission
(the Report ), each of the undersigned, in the capacities and on the dates indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operation of the Company. 

Date: November 13, 2024 

/s/ Mingzhou Sun 

Mingzhou Sun 

Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 dtss-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 dtss-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 dtss-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 dtss-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 dtss-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

