<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241107_10-Q_edgar_data_1522767_0001522767-24-000091.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8608776</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>125362</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1628104</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2432018</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2394257</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1891342</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001522767-24-000091.hdr.sgml : 20241107
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241107170556
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001522767-24-000091
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241107
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241107

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			MARIMED INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001522767
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	MEDICINAL CHEMICALS & BOTANICAL PRODUCTS [2833]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				274672745
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54433
		FILM NUMBER:		241436957

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 OCEANA WAY
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NORWOOD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02062
		BUSINESS PHONE:		781-277-0007

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		10 OCEANA WAY
		STREET 2:		2ND FLOOR
		CITY:			NORWOOD
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02062

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	WORLDS ONLINE INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110608

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001522767-24-000091.txt : 20241107

10-Q
 1
 mrmd-20240930.htm
 10-Q

mrmd-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period ended 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ___________________ to ___________________ 
 Commission File number 
 
 (Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , 
 (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 - 
 (Registrant s Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None. 
 Title of each class Ticker symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large Accelerated filer o 
 x Non-accelerated filer o 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No x 
 As of November 7, 2024, shares of the registrant s common stock were outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

 MariMed Inc. 
 Table of Contents 
 Page PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 (unaudited) 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 
 9 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 12 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 42 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 43 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 43 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 43 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 43 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 43 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 44 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 45 
 Signature 
 46 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains certain forward-looking statements and information relating to MariMed Inc. that is based on the beliefs of MariMed Inc. s management, as well as assumptions made by and information currently available to the Company. In some cases, you can identify these statements by forward-looking words such as anticipates, believes, could, should, estimates, expects, intends, may, plans, predicts, projects, will, or other similar or comparable words. Any statements contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that are not statements of historical facts may be deemed to be forward-looking statements. Such statements reflect the current views of the Company with respect to future events, including consummation of pending transactions, launch of new products, expanded distribution of existing products, obtainment of new licenses, estimates and projections of revenue, EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA and other information about the Company's business, business prospects and strategic growth plan, which are based on certain assumptions of its management, including those described in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. These statements are not a guarantee of future performance and involve risk and uncertainties that are difficult to predict, including, among other factors, changes in demand for the Company s services and products, changes in the law and its enforcement, timing and outcome of regulatory processes and changes in the economic environment. 
 
 Additional important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in these forward-looking statements are also discussed in Part I, Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Any forward-looking statement made by the Company in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q speaks only as of the date on which this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q was first filed. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 MariMed Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Inventory Deferred rents receivable Notes receivable, current portion Investments, current portion Due from related parties Other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Investments, net of current portion Notes receivable, net of current portion Operating lease right-of-use assets Finance lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets Liabilities, mezzanine equity and stockholders equity Current liabilities: Mortgages and notes payable, current portion Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other Income taxes payable Operating lease liabilities, current portion Finance lease liabilities, current portion Total current liabilities Mortgages and notes payable, net of current portion Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion Finance lease liabilities, net of current portion 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 MariMed Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (continued) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 

 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies par value; shares authorized, issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Series C convertible preferred stock par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Total mezzanine equity Stockholders equity Undesignated preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Noncontrolling interests ) ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities, mezzanine equity and stockholders equity 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 MariMed Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 
 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of revenue Gross profit Operating expenses: Personnel Marketing and promotion General and administrative Acquisition-related and other Bad debt ) ) ) ) Total operating expenses Income from operations Interest and other (expense) income: Interest expense ) ) ) ) Interest income Other expense, net ) ) ) Total interest and other expense, net ) ) ) ) (Loss) income before income taxes ) ) Provision for income taxes Net loss ) ) ) ) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) ) ) Net loss per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) ) ) ) Diluted ) ) ) ) Weighted average common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 MariMed Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Common stock Common stock subscribed but not issued Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Non- controlling interests Total stockholders equity Shares Par value Shares Amount Balances at January 1, 2024 ) ) Release of shares under stock grants Common stock issued under licensing agreement Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Stock-based compensation Net (loss) income ) ) Balances at March 31, 2024 ) ) Release of shares under stock grants ) Standalone warrants issued as payment for services Shares issued as purchase consideration - business acquisition Common stock issued under licensing agreement Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Stock-based compensation Net (loss) income ) ) Balances at June 30, 2024 ) ) Release of shares under stock grants ) Shares of newly vested common stock surrendered to the Company to satisfy tax withholding obligations ) ) ) Common stock issued under licensing agreement Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Stock-based compensation Net (loss) income ) ) Balances at September 30, 2024 ) ) 

7 

Table of Contents 
 MariMed Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (continued) 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 (unaudited) 

Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Common stock Common stock subscribed but not issued Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit Non- controlling interests Total stockholders equity Shares Par value Shares Amount Balances at January 1, 2023 ) ) Common stock subscribed but not issued Issuance of subscribed shares ) ) Warrants issued in connection with debt Shares issued as purchase consideration - Ermont Inc. Common stock issued under licensing agreement Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) ) Balances at March 31, 2023 ) ) Issuance of subscribed shares ) ) Exercise of stock options Release of shares under stock grants ) Conversion of preferred stock to common stock Purchase of minority interests in certain of the Company's subsidiaries ) Common stock issued to settle obligations Common stock issued under licensing agreement Common stock issued to purchase property and equipment Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Stock-based compensation Net (loss) income ) ) Balances at June 30, 2023 ) ) Exercise of stock options Conversion of preferred stock to common stock Common stock issued under licensing agreement Distributions to non-controlling interests ) ) Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) ) Balances at September 30, 2023 ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 MariMed Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss attributable to common stockholders ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment Amortization of intangible assets Stock-based compensation Amortization of warrants issued as payment for services received Amortization of original debt issuance discount Amortization of debt discount Amortization of debt issuance costs Payment-in-kind interest Bad debt income ) ) Obligations settled with common stock (Gain) loss on disposal of assets ) Gain on finance lease adjustment ) Write-down of prepaid purchase consideration Loss (gain) on changes in fair value of investments ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accounts receivable, net ) Deferred rents receivable Inventory ) ) Other current assets Other assets ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other ) Income taxes payable Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Business combinations, net of cash acquired, and asset purchases ) ) Advances toward future business combinations and asset purchases ) Purchases of investments ) Purchases and renewals of cannabis licenses ) ) Issuance of notes receivable ) Proceeds from notes receivable 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 MariMed Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Return on investment Proceeds from disposal of assets Due from related party ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from term loan Proceeds from Construction to Permanent Commercial Real Estate Mortgage Loan Proceeds from mortgages Payment of third-party debt issuance costs in connection with debt ) Principal payments of term loan ) Principal payments of mortgages ) ) Repayment and retirement of mortgages ) Principal payments of promissory notes ) ) Repayment and retirement of promissory notes ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options Principal payments of finance leases ) ) Distributions ) ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net (decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and equivalents, beginning of year Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash activities: Common stock issued as purchase consideration Common stock issued to purchase minority interests in certain of the Company's subsidiaries Present value of promissory notes issued as purchase consideration Warrants to purchase common stock issued with debt Liability recorded for building improvements Notes payable issued to purchase property and equipment Entry into new operating leases Entry into new finance leases Write-off of finance leases Return of stock to the Company Issuance of common stock associated with subscriptions 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 MariMed Inc. 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (continued) 
 (in thousands) 
 (unaudited) 

 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Conversion of preferred stock to common stock Adjustment to purchase price allocation to reclassify certain acquired intangible assets to goodwill 
 
 See accompanying notes to the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 MariMed Inc. 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 (unaudited) 
 
 (1) 

The Company completed acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 that it accounted for as asset purchases (see Note 2). On April 9, 2024 (the "Allgreens Acquisition Date"), the Company acquired of the membership interests of Allgreens Dispensary, LLC ("Allgreens"), which held a conditional adult-use cannabis dispensary license in Illinois. On April 5, 2024 (the "MedLeaf Acquisition Date"), the Company acquired of the membership interests of Our Community Wellness Compassionate Care Center, Inc. ("MedLeaf"), which held a retail dispensary license in Maryland. The MedLeaf dispensary had been closed since July 1, 2023, but was reopened by the Company on August 19, 2024, upon receiving regulatory approval to commence adult use retail sales. 
 
 On March 9, 2023 (the "Ermont Acquisition Date"), the Company acquired the operating assets of Ermont, Inc. ("Ermont"), a medical-licensed vertical cannabis operator located in Quincy, Massachusetts (the "Ermont Acquisition"). The financial results of Ermont are included in the Company's condensed consolidated financial statements since the Ermont Acquisition Date (see Note 2). 
 
 Interim results are not necessarily indicative of results for the full fiscal year or any future interim period. The information included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report ), which was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 7, 2024. 
 
 Certain reclassifications, not affecting previously reported net income or cash flows, have been made to the previously issued financial statements to conform to the current period presentation. 
 
 Significant Accounting Policies 
 
 The Company s significant accounting policies are disclosed in Note 2 to the Consolidated Financial Statements in the Annual Report. There were no material changes to the Company's significant accounting policies during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024. 

12 

Table of Contents 

The Company had million and million of cash held in escrow at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

(2) 
 
 13 

Table of Contents 

million, the Company paid million of cash, issued shares of the Company's common stock, and issued a million promissory note (the "Ermont Note" and collectively, the "Ermont Consideration"). The Ermont Note has a term and bears interest at per annum, with payments of interest-only for and thereafter, quarterly payments of principal and interest in arrears. The outstanding balance on the Ermont Note is subject to prepayment in the event the Company raises million of equity capital. The Company recorded the Ermont Note at the present value as of the Ermont Acquisition Date of million. The difference between the present value and face value of the Ermont Note is being amortized to interest expense through the term of such note. 
 
 The Company rebranded the dispensary as Panacea Wellness Dispensary and commenced medical sales immediately after the Ermont Acquisition Date. The Ermont Acquisition also includes a Host Community Agreement with the city of Quincy to conduct adult-use cannabis sales. Adult-use sales commenced on July 23, 2024. The Company expanded the existing medical dispensary to accommodate expected increased traffic associated with adult-use sales and repurposed Ermont's existing cultivation facility. 
 
 The Company's condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three months ended September 30, 2023 included million of revenue and million of net loss attributable to Ermont. The Company's condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 included million of revenue and million of net loss attributable to Ermont for the period since the Ermont Acquisition Date. 
 
 The Ermont Acquisition has been accounted for as a business combination. The Company did not assume any of Ermont's liabilities. The Company recorded adjustments to the amounts allocated to certain identifiable intangible assets and goodwill to reflect more precise forecasts of future revenue streams. These adjustments resulted in an increase to the tradename and trademarks intangible asset of million, a decrease to the customer base intangible asset of million and an increase to goodwill of million. 
 
 Less cash acquired ) Net cash consideration Common stock Promissory note Total fair value of consideration 
 Fair value of assets acquired and (liabilities assumed): Property and equipment Intangible assets: Tradename and trademarks Customer base License Goodwill Fair value of net assets acquired 
 
 The Company is amortizing the identifiable intangible assets arising from the Ermont Acquisition in relation to the expected cash flows from the individual intangible assets over their respective useful lives, which have a weighted average life of years (see Note 8). Goodwill results from assets not separately identifiable as part of the transaction and is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 The following unaudited pro forma information presents the condensed combined results of MariMed and Ermont for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 as if the Ermont Acquisition had been completed on January 1, 2023, with adjustments to give effect to pro forma events that are directly attributable to the Ermont Acquisition. These pro 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Net loss ) ) 
 
 Valuation of Acquired Intangible Assets 
 
 The valuation of acquired intangible assets is inherently subjective and relies on significant unobservable inputs. The Company uses an income approach to value acquired tradenames and trademarks, licenses and customer bases, and non-compete intangible assets. The valuation for each of these intangible assets is based on estimated projections of expected cash flows to be generated by the assets discounted to the present value at discount rates commensurate with perceived risk. The valuation assumptions take into consideration the Company s estimates of new markets, products and customers and its outcome through key assumptions driving asset values, including sales growth, royalty rates and other related costs. 
 
 Asset Purchases 
 
 Allgreens 
 
 In August 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to purchase of the membership interests in Allgreens Dispensary, LLC (the "Allgreens Agreement"), a conditional adult-use cannabis dispensary license in Illinois, for million, comprised of million of cash and a promissory note for million, which note was issued to the Allgreens members on the Allgreens Acquisition Date. Completion of the acquisition was dependent upon certain conditions, including resolution of any remaining legal challenges affecting nearly social equity dispensary licenses, and regulatory approval of the acquisition. With the closing conditions met and the acquisition completed, the Company now owns and operates adult-use dispensaries in Illinois. For the interim period until the acquisition was completed, the Company entered into a management agreement with Allgreens, with the management fees calculated as a percentage of Allgreens' revenue. Under this management agreement, the Company funded the build-out of the dispensary, including purchasing and retaining ownership of the related fixed assets it intended to use upon the transfer ownership to the Company, hired and trained employees, and implemented the processes necessary to run the dispensary, all of which was completed prior to the state's approval of the license transfer to the Company. In connection with this agreement, the Company recorded expenses related to Allgreens aggregating approximately for the period from January 1, 2024 through the Allgreens Acquisition Date as a component of Investments, net of current portion (the "Allgreens Expenses"). 
 
 Pursuant to the Allgreens Agreement, the Company had made payments aggregating to the Allgreens members prior to the Allgreens Acquisition Date. On the Allgreens Acquisition Date, the Company made the final cash payment of and issued a million promissory note (the "Allgreens Note"). The Allgreens Note bears interest at a rate of per annum and matures from the date the dispensary is permitted to commence operations. 
 
 The Company has allocated the purchase price, including the Allgreens Expenses, to its licenses intangible asset, with an estimated useful life of years (see Note 8). 
 
 Our Community Wellness Compassionate Care Center, Inc. ("MedLeaf") 
 
 On February 1, 2024 (the "P S Date"), the Company entered into an agreement to acquire of the membership interests of MedLeaf (the "MedLeaf Agreement"), which held a retail dispensary license in Maryland. The MedLeaf dispensary had ceased its operations since July 1, 2023. Upon receiving regulatory approval, the Company reopened the 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 million, comprised of million of cash with adjustments to reflect amounts owed to the Company by the sellers of MedLeaf (the "MedLeaf Sellers"), a million promissory note (the "MedLeaf Note"), and shares of the Company's common stock, valued at million, with such number of shares calculated using the volume weighted average price based on the trading day period ending on the P S Date. The Company made cash payments aggregating million through the P S Date, which funds were deposited into escrow. On the MedLeaf Acquisition Date, the outstanding cash balance was paid and the promissory note and million shares of the Company's common stock were issued. The promissory note bears interest at a rate of per annum and matures on October 5, 2025. 
 
 The Company has allocated the purchase price to its licenses intangible asset, with an estimated useful life of years (see Note 8). 
 
 Pending Transaction at September 30, 2024 
 
 Robust Missouri Process and Manufacturing, LLC ("Robust") 
 
 In September 2022, the Company entered into an agreement to acquire of the membership interests in Robust Missouri Processing and Manufacturing 1, LLC, a Missouri wholesale and cultivator ("Robust"), for in cash (the "Robust Agreement"). Completion of the acquisition is dependent upon obtaining all requisite approvals from the Missouri Department of Health and Senior Services. In August 2024, the state of Missouri approved a facility license to conduct business, but has not yet approved the application to transfer the license from Robust to the Company (the "License Transfer"). The Company is currently conducting business under a managed service agreement until the final approval of the License Transfer. Pursuant to the Robust Agreement, the Company made an initial advance payment of , with the balance due at closing, which will occur upon the state of Missouri's approval of the License Transfer. 

(3) 
 
 Potential dilutive common shares Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted 

(4) 

16 

Table of Contents 

 properties - a cannabis production facility with offices under a sublease that expires in January 2026 and contains an option to negotiate an extension of the sublease term, and a dispensary under a sublease that expires in April 2027. The Company also subleases a portion of a third property that it developed into a cultivation facility under a sublease that expires in March 2030, with an option to extend the term for additional periods. These properties are all subleased to a cannabis-licensed client in Delaware. 
 
 The Company received rental payments aggregating million and million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Revenue from these payments was recognized on a straight-line basis and aggregated million and million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 

(5) 
 
 . The note bears interest at per annum and requires quarterly payments of interest through the April 2026 maturity date. The Company has the right to offset any licensing fees payable by the Company to Healer in the event Healer fails to make any payment when due. 
 
 Omnibus Agreement 
 
 On July 1, 2023 (the "Omnibus Agreement Date"), the Company entered into an Omnibus Agreement with First State Compassion Center ("FSCC"), the Company's cannabis-licensed client in Delaware: (a) consolidating all amounts owed by FSCC to the Company and its affiliated entities as described below, aggregating million (the "Omnibus"); (b) providing for the automatic conversion of all amounts owed by FSCC to the Company, upon the approval of adult cannabis use in Delaware, into ownership of FSCC's licenses and business; and (c) extending to FSCC, in the Company's sole discretion, up to an additional million of working capital loans. The Omnibus has a term of , with an automatic extension if adult cannabis use is not approved in Delaware by the maturity date, and bears interest, compounded semiannually and payable annually, at the appropriate rate of interest in effect under Sections 1274(d), 482 and 7872 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, as calculated under Rev. Ruling 86-17, 1986-1 C.B. 377, for the period for which the amount of interest is being determined. The state of Delaware recently approved the adult use of cannabis, with the implementation period expected to extend through approximately November 2024. The Omnibus is included as a component of Other assets in the condensed consolidated balance sheets at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

17 

Table of Contents 

 (6) 
 
 Ingredients and other raw materials Work-in-process Finished goods 

(7) 
 
 Buildings and building improvements Tenant improvements Furniture and fixtures Machinery and equipment Construction in progress Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 The Company recorded depreciation expense related to property and equipment of million and million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company disposed of equipment and recorded a gain on the disposal of such assets aggregating approximately , net of insurance proceeds for such disposal of approximately . 
 
 In the first quarter of 2023, the Company disposed of equipment it had previously purchased in connection with its planned acquisition of The Harvest Foundation LLC ("Harvest") in Nevada as a result of the Company's withdrawal from the agreement to purchase Harvest. The Company recorded a loss on the disposal of assets aggregating million, which is included as a component of Other expense, net, in the condensed consolidated statement of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

18 

Table of Contents 

 (8) 
 
 Licenses and customer base Non-compete agreements 
 
 December 31, 2023 Weighted average amortization period (years) Cost Accumulated amortization Net carrying value Tradenames and trademarks Licenses and customer base Non-compete agreements 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 
 
 Ermont Acquisition Balance at September 30, 
 
 In connection with the finalization of the purchase price allocation for the Ermont Acquisition in the first quarter of 2024, the Company recorded reclassifications between its Tradename and trademarks intangible asset, Licenses and customer base intangible asset, and Goodwill (see Note 2). 

(9) 
 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 million in principal borrowings at the CA Borrowers option in the aggregate and further provides the CA Borrowers with the right, subject to customary conditions, to request an additional incremental term loan in the aggregate principal amount of up to million, provided that the CA Lenders elected to fund such incremental term loan. million of loan principal was funded at the initial closing (the "CA Term Loan"), which amount was reduced by an original issuance discount of million (the "CA Original Issuance Discount"). The Company had the option, during the period following the initial closing, to draw down an additional million, which it did not elect to do. The loan required scheduled amortization payments of of the principal amount outstanding under the CA Credit Agreement per month commencing in May 2023, and the remaining principal balance was due in full on January 24, 2026, subject to extension to January 24, 2028 under certain circumstances. 
 
 The CA Credit Agreement provided the CA Borrowers with the right, subject to specified limitations, to incur (a) seller- provided debt in connection with future acquisitions, (b) additional mortgage financing from third-party lenders secured by real estate currently owned and acquired after the closing date, and (c) additional debt in connection with equipment leasing transactions. The obligations under the CA Credit Agreement were secured by substantially all of the assets of the CA Borrowers, excluding specified parcels of real estate and other customary exclusions. 
 
 The CA Credit Agreement provided for a floating annual interest rate equal to the prime rate then in effect plus , which rate could be increased by upon an event of default or upon a material event of default as provided in the CA Credit Agreement. At any time, the Company could voluntarily prepay amounts due under the facility in million increments, subject to a -percent prepayment premium and, during the first -months of the term, a make-whole payment. 
 
 The CA Credit Agreement included customary representations and warranties and customary events of default, including, without limitation, payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to material indebtedness, and events of bankruptcy and insolvency. The CA Credit Agreement also included customary negative covenants limiting the CA Borrowers ability to incur additional indebtedness and grant liens that were otherwise not permitted, among others. Additionally, the Credit Agreement required the CA Borrowers to meet certain financial tests. The Company was in compliance with the CA Credit Agreement covenants throughout the term of the CA Credit Agreement. 
 
 The CA Credit Agreement provided for warrant coverage against amounts funded under the facility, priced at a premium to the trailing -day average price on the closing date of each such funding. At the initial closing, upon funding of the initial million under the facility, the Company issued to the CA Lenders an aggregate of warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at per share, exercisable for a period following issuance. The Company recorded the warrants at present value of million as a component of Additional paid-in capital on the condensed consolidated balance sheet as of January 24, 2023, and discounted the CA Term Loan by million (the "CA Warrant Discount"). The CA Warrant Discount was being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Company incurred million of third party costs (i.e., legal fees, referral fees, etc.) in connection with the CA Term Loan, which were recorded as a discount to the CA Term Loan (the "CA Third-Party Costs Discount"), which was being amortized to interest expense over the term of the CA Credit Agreement. 
 
 The Company recorded million of aggregate interest amortization for the three months ended March 31, 2023 related to the CA Original Issuance Discount, CA Warrant Discount and CA Third-Party Costs Discount. 
 
 On November 16, 2023, the Company repaid and retired the CA Term Loan (the "CA Term Loan Payoff") using proceeds from a new million loan entered into on the same date (see "CREM Loan" below). The CA Term Loan Payoff amount totaled million, comprised of million for the outstanding principal, million for the make-whole payment, million for accrued unpaid interest and million for transaction-related fees. The Company recognized a loss of million in connection with the Term Loan Payoff, which it recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Bank of New England - Wilmington, DE property DuQuoin State Bank - Anna, IL and Harrisburg, IL properties DuQuoin State Bank - Metropolis, IL property Du Quoin State Bank - Mt. Vernon, IL property (grow and production) DuQuoin State Bank - Mt. Vernon, IL property (retail) Promissory note issued as purchase consideration - Ermont Acquisition Promissory note issued as purchase consideration - Greenhouse Naturals Acquisition Promissory notes issued as purchase consideration - MedLeaf Acquisition Promissory note issued as purchase consideration - Allgreens Acquisition Promissory note issued to purchase land Promissory notes issued to purchase motor vehicles Total mortgages and notes payable Less: Mortgages and notes payable, current portion ) ) Mortgages and notes payable, net of current portion 
 
 Mortgages 
 
 CREM Loan 
 
 On November 16, 2023, Mari Holdings MD LLC, Hartwell Realty Holdings LLC, Kind Therapeutics USA, LLC, ARL Healthcare Inc., and MariMed Advisors, Inc., each a wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company (collectively, the "CREM Borrowers"), entered into a Loan Agreement (the "CREM Loan Agreement") by and among the CREM Borrowers, and Needham Bank, a Massachusetts co-operative bank (the "CREM Lender") pursuant to which the CREM Lender loaned to the CREM Borrowers an aggregate principal amount of million (the "CREM Loan Transaction"). The Company guaranteed the obligations of the CREM Borrowers under the CREM Loan Transaction and pledged to the CREM Lender its equity ownership in each CREM Borrower. The CREM Lender has a first priority security interest in all of the CREM Borrowers' operating assets in Maryland and Massachusetts and first priority mortgages on the CREM Borrowers' properties owned in Maryland and Massachusetts. 
 
 The CREM Loan Transaction is for a term of and has an interest rate for the initial of per annum. The interest rate will reset after to the FHLB Rate (the Classic Advance Rate for Fixed Rate advances for a period of five years for an amount greater than or equal to the loan amount, as such rate is defined and published by the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston), plus . The Company will make interest-only payments for the first twelve months of the term of the loan, with payments thereafter based upon a twenty-year amortization schedule. 
 
 The CREM Lender initially released million to the CREM Borrowers (the "Initial CREM Distribution"), with the remaining proceeds of million placed into escrow to complete the expansion of the Company's Hagerstown, Maryland cultivation facility (the "Hagerstown Facility"), with any unused proceeds to be released to the Company after completion of the Hagerstown Facility expansion. The Company used million of the Initial CREM Distribution to fully repay certain of its outstanding debt obligations. These payments were comprised of million to pay off the Term Loan, million to pay off the mortgage with Bank of New England for the New Bedford, MA and Middleborough, MA properties, and million to reduce the outstanding balance of the note issued by the Company in connection with the Ermont Acquisition. 
 
 The Company incurred bank closing costs and third party costs (i.e., legal fees, etc.) aggregating million in connection with the CREM Loan Transaction, which were recorded as a discount to the Loan Transaction (the "CREM Closing Costs 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 and of interest amortization in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, related to the CREM Closing Costs Discount. 
 
 The CREM Loan Agreement includes customary representations and warranties and customary events of default, including, without limitation, payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to material indebtedness, and events of bankruptcy and insolvency. The CREM Loan Agreement also includes customary negative covenants limiting the CREM Borrowers' (but not the Company's) ability to incur additional indebtedness and grant liens that are otherwise not permitted, among others. The CREM Loan Agreement also requires the CREM Borrowers to meet certain periodic financial tests. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, million of the escrowed portion of the loan proceeds was released to the Company, and the Company made interest-only payments to the CREM Lender aggregating million. The current portion of the outstanding principal balance of the CREM Loan was million at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Bank of New England (New Bedford, MA and Middleborough, MA) 
 
 The Company maintained an amended and restated mortgage secured by the Company's properties in New Bedford, MA and Middleborough MA in the original amount of million and bearing interest of per annum that would mature in August 2025 (the Refinanced Mortgage ). On November 16, 2023, the Company used million of proceeds from the CREM Loan Transaction to pay the outstanding principal of the Refinanced Mortgage, and such mortgage was retired. The Company recorded a loss of million on the early repayment of the Refinanced Mortgage, which it recorded in the fourth quarter of 2023. Concurrent with the repayment of the Refinanced Mortgage, the Company refinanced the properties through the CREM Loan and accordingly, effective November 16, 2023, the mortgage on these properties is held by Needham Bank, which mortgage matures in 2033 and which outstanding amount is included as a component of the CREM Loan outstanding balance. 
 
 Bank of New England (Wilmington, DE) 
 
 The Company maintains a mortgage with Bank of New England for the 2016 purchase of a building in Wilmington, DE, which was developed into a cannabis seed to sale facility that is currently leased to the Company's cannabis-licensed client in that state. The mortgage matures in 2031, with monthly principal and interest payments at a rate of per annum, with the rate adjusting every to the then-prime rate plus with a floor of per annum. The next interest rate adjustment will occur in September 2026. The current portions of the outstanding principal balance under this mortgage at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were approximately and , respectively. 
 
 DuQuoin State Bank (Anna, IL and Harrisburg IL) 
 
 In May 2016, the Company entered into a mortgage agreement with DuQuoin State Bank ("DSB") for the purchase of properties in Anna, IL and Harrisburg, IL, which the Company developed into free-standing retail dispensaries. On May 5th of each year, this mortgage is due to be repaid unless it is renewed for another year at a rate determined by DSB s executive committee. The mortgage was renewed in May 2024 at a rate of per annum. The current portions of the outstanding principal balance under this mortgage at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were approximately and , respectively. 
 
 DuQuoin State Bank (Metropolis, IL) 
 
 In July 2021, the Company purchased the land and building in which it operates its cannabis dispensary in Metropolis, Illinois. In connection with this purchase, the Company entered into a mortgage agreement with DSB in the amount of million that matures in July 2041, and which currently bears interest at a rate of per annum, which rate is adjusted each year based on a certain interest rate index plus a margin. As part of this transaction, the seller was provided with a ownership interest in Mari Holdings Metropolis LLC Metro ), the Company s subsidiary that owns the property and holds the related mortgage obligation, reducing the Company s ownership interest in Metro to . The current portions of the outstanding principal balance of this mortgage at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were approximately and , respectively. 
 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 million loan agreement and mortgage with DSB secured by property owned by the Company in Mt. Vernon, Illinois, which it is developing into a grow and production facility. The mortgage has a -year term and currently bears interest at the rate of per annum, subject to upward adjustment on each annual anniversary date to the Wall Street Journal U.S. Prime Rate (with an interest rate floor of ). The proceeds of this loan are being utilized for the build-out of the property and other working capital needs. The current portions of the outstanding principal balance of this mortgage were approximately and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 DuQuoin State Bank (Mt. Vernon, IL) 
 
 In February 2020, the Company entered into a mortgage agreement with South Porte Bank for the purchase and development of a property in Mt. Vernon, Illinois. Beginning in August 2021, pursuant to an amendment of the South Porte Bank Mortgage, the monthly payments of principal and interest aggregated approximately , with such payment amounts effective through June 2023, at which time all remaining principal, interest and fees were due. On May 26, 2023, the Company repaid the outstanding balance on this mortgage, which totaled approximately . In January 2024, the Company refinanced this property and entered into a million mortgage with DSB. The mortgage with DSB has a term and bears interest of per annum. The current portion of the outstanding principal balance of this mortgage was approximately at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Promissory Notes 
 
 Promissory Notes Issued as Purchase Consideration 
 
 Ermont 
 
 In connection with the Ermont Acquisition, the Company issued the Ermont Note (see Note 2), totaling million. The Ermont Note matures in March 2029, and bears interest at per annum, with payments of interest-only for , and quarterly payments of principal and interest in arrears thereafter. The outstanding balance on the Ermont Note is subject to prepayment in full in the event the Company raises million or more of equity capital. The Company recorded the Ermont Note at a present value of million. This amount is net of the million recorded as a debt discount, which is being accreted through the term of the Ermont Note to interest expense. As discussed above, on November 26, 2023, the Company used million of the proceeds from the CREM Loan Transaction to reduce the outstanding balance of the Ermont Note. The difference between the face value of the Ermont Note and the present value recorded at the time of the Ermont Acquisition is being amortized to interest expense over the term of the Ermont Note. The fair value of the Ermont Note was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The current portion of the outstanding principal balance of the Ermont Note was million at September 30, 2024. The Ermont Note did t have a current portion recorded at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Greenhouse Naturals LLC 
 
 In December 2022, the Company completed the acquisition from Greenhouse Naturals LLC of the assets associated with a cannabis dispensary in Beverly, Massachusetts (the "Beverly Dispensary"). In connection with this transaction, the Company issued a million promissory note to the sellers, payable on a monthly basis as a percentage of the monthly gross sales of the Beverly Dispensary (the "Greenhouse Naturals Note"). The Company recorded million as a debt discount, which is being accreted to interest expense through the term of the Greenhouse Naturals Note, which matures in July 2026. In the third quarter of 2023, the Company updated its forecast of revenue attributable to the Beverly Dispensary and, accordingly, adjusted the schedule of estimated future payments on the Greenhouse Naturals Note. The fair value of the Greenhouse Naturals Note was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company estimated that the current portion of the Greenhouse Naturals Note was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 MedLeaf 
 
 In connection with the MedLeaf Acquisition, the Company issued the MedLeaf Note, totaling million (See Note 2). The MedLeaf Note bears interest at a rate of per annum and matures on October 5, 2025. The MedLeaf Note calls for 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 million. 
 
 Allgreens 
 
 In connection with the Allgreens Acquisition, the Company issued promissory notes aggregating million (See Note 2). The Allgreens Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum and will mature one year from the date that the dispensary is permitted to commence operations. The Allgreens Notes had an aggregate outstanding balance of million at September 30, 2024, all of which was recorded as current. 
 
 Kind Acquisition 
 
 In connection with the 2022 acquisition of Kind Therapeutics USA ("Kind"), the Company issued promissory notes aggregating million with an interest rate of per annum to the members of Kind (the Kind Notes ). In connection with the CA Credit Agreement (described above), on January 24, 2023, the Company repaid the Kind Notes in full, aggregating million, including approximately of accrued interest. There was no penalty in connection with the early repayment of the Kind Notes. 
 
 Promissory Notes Issued to Purchase Property and Equipment 
 
 The Company had outstanding promissory notes in connection with the purchase of commercial motor vehicles at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, the outstanding notes had an aggregate outstanding balance of approximately , of which approximately was current. At December 31, 2023, the outstanding notes had an aggregate outstanding balance of approximately , of which approximately was current. The weighted average interest rates of the outstanding balances were and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. The weighted average remaining terms of these notes were years and years at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company had an outstanding note in connection with the purchase, in the second quarter of 2024, of a parking lot adjacent to its Middleborough, MA dispensary totaling (the "Middleborough Note"). The note bears interest at , with monthly interest-only payments and a balloon payment for the entire principal amount due on February 1, 2029. 
 
 Future Payments 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total future principal payments Less: discount ) Total future principal payments, net of discount 

(10) 
 
 shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Series B Stock") outstanding at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, which shares are held by institutional shareholders. The holders of Series B Stock (the Series B Holders are entitled to cast a number of votes equal to the number of shares of the Company's common stock into which the shares of Series B Stock are convertible, together with the holders of the 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 , plus any dividends declared but unpaid thereon, with any remaining assets distributed pro-rata among the Series B Holders and the holders of the Company's common stock, based on the number of shares held by each such holder, treating for this purpose all such securities as if they had been converted into shares of the Company's common stock. 
 
 At any time on or prior to the anniversary of the 2020 issuance date of the Series B Stock, (i) the Series B Holders have the option to convert their shares of Series B Stock into shares of the Company's common stock at a conversion price of per share, without the payment of additional consideration, and (ii) the Company has the option to convert all, but not less than all, shares of Series B Stock into shares of the Company's common stock at a conversion price of if the daily volume weighted average price of the Company's common stock (the VWAP exceeds per share for at least twenty consecutive trading days prior to the date on which the Company gives notice of such conversion to the Series B Holders. 
 
 On the day following the anniversary of the issuance of the Series B Stock (February 28, 2026), all outstanding shares of Series B Stock shares) shall automatically convert into shares of the Company's common stock as follows: 
 
 If the VWAP is less than or equal to per share, the Company shall have the option to: 
 
 convert all shares of Series B Stock into shares of the Company's common stock at a conversion ratio of :1 shares), subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, and pay cash to the Series B Holders equal to the difference between the VWAP and per share; or 
 pay cash to the Series B Holders equal to per share ). 
 If the VWAP is greater than per share, the Company shall have the option to: 
 
 convert all shares of Series B Stock into shares of the Company's common stock at a conversion price per share equal to per share divided by the VWAP; or 
 pay cash to the Series B Holders equal to per share ); or 
 convert a number of shares of Series B Stock, such number at the Company's sole discretion, into shares of the Company's common stock valued at the VWAP (the "Conversion Value") and pay cash to the Series B Holders equal to the difference between and the Conversion Value (shares issued multiplied by the VWAP). 
 
 The Company shall at all times when the Series B Stock is outstanding, reserve and keep available out of its authorized but unissued capital stock, for the purpose of effecting the conversion of the Series B Stock, such number of its duly authorized shares of common stock as shall from time to time be sufficient to effect the conversion of all outstanding Series B Stock. 
 
 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 The Company's Series C Convertible Preferred Stock (the "Series C Stock") is held by Hadron Healthcare Master Fund Hadron ). In 2021, the Company issued to Hadron shares of Series C Stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of its common stock in connection with a financing facility between the Company and Hadron. Each share of Series C Stock is convertible, at Hadron s option, into shares of the Company's common stock, and each warrant is exercisable at an exercise price of per share. The warrants are subject to early termination if 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 shares of Series C Stock into shares of the Company's common stock (the "Conversions), comprised of shares of Series C Stock converted into shares of the Company's common stock in the third quarter of 2023 and shares of Series C Stock converted into shares of the Company's common stock in the second quarter of 2023. The Conversions were effected at a conversion rate of shares of the Company's common stock for each share of Series C Stock converted. The Company did not recognize a gain or loss on the Conversions as they were effected in accordance with the Series C Stock certificate of designation. At both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, shares of Series C Stock remained outstanding. 

(11) 
 
 minimum vesting requirements. 
 
 Stock Options 
 
 Granted Exercised Forfeited ) Expired ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 Stock options granted under the Plan generally expire from the date of grant. At September 30, 2024, the stock options outstanding had a weighted average remaining life of approximately . 

Weighted average volatility Weighted average risk-free interest rate Dividend yield 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at September 30, 2024 
 
 Of the RSUs reported as vested in the table above, shares, with an aggregate fair value of approximately , were surrendered to the Company to satisfy the tax withholding obligations that arose in connection with the vesting of such RSUs. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 On May 2, 2024, the Company issued warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common stock to an entity in consideration for introductory and other services rendered in connection with certain funding and acquisition transactions. The warrants have an exercise price of per share, vested immediately, and expire on May 1, 2029. The Company calculated that the grant date fair value of the warrants was approximately in the aggregate using the Black-Scholes valuation model. This expense is included as a component of Acquisition-related and other in the Company's condensed consolidated statements of operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company's common stock were outstanding, with a weighted average exercise price of . 
 
 Other Common Stock Issuances 
 
 In addition to the activity related to stock options and RSUs, described above, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company also issued shares of restricted common stock as purchase consideration (see Note 2) with a grant date fair value of approximately million, and shares of restricted common stock with an aggregate fair value of approximately , under a royalty agreement. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 The Company recorded stock-based compensation of million in each of the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, and million in each of the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

(12) 
 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Product revenue - wholesale Total product revenue Other revenue: Real estate rentals Supply procurement Management fees Licensing fees Total other revenue Total revenue 

(13) 

28 

Table of Contents 

(14) 
 
 operating leases and finance leases. These leases contain rent holidays and customary escalations of lease payments for the type of facilities being leased. The Company's operating leases include its corporate headquarters, dispensaries and cannabis production and processing facilities. The Company subleases of these leased facilities to a cannabis-licensed client. The Company recognizes rent expense on a straight-line basis over the expected lease term, including cancelable option periods which the Company fully expects to exercise. Certain leases require the payment of property taxes, insurance and/or maintenance costs in addition to the rent payments. The Company leases machinery and office equipment under finance leases that expire from January 2026 through April 2030, with such terms being a major part of the economic useful life of the leased property. 
 Finance lease expenses: Amortization of right of use assets Interest on lease liabilities Total finance lease expense 
 
 Finance leases Weighted average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: imputed interest ) ) 

(15) 
 
 extension option. Expenses incurred under this lease were approximately and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and approximately and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company procures nutrients, lab equipment, cultivation supplies, furniture, and tools from an entity owned by the family of the Company s Chief Operating Officer (the COO ). Purchases from this entity totaled million and million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company pays royalties on the revenue generated from its Betty s Eddies product line to an entity owned by the COO and its Chief Revenue Officer (the CRO") under a royalty agreement. Under this agreement, the royalty percentage on all sales of Betty s Eddies products is if sold directly by the Company and between and if licensed by the Company for sale by third parties. Future developed products (i.e., ice cream) have a royalty rate of if sold directly by the Company and between and if licensed by the Company for sale by third parties. The aggregate royalties earned by the entity under this agreement were approximately and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and approximately and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, one of the Company s majority-owned subsidiaries paid distributions of approximately and , respectively, to the CEO, who owns a minority equity interest in such subsidiary. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, this majority-owned subsidiary made distribution payments of approximately and , respectively, to the CEO. 
 
 On June 10, 2024 (the "Membership Unit Purchase Date"), the CEO and COO purchased and , respectively, of the membership units of Mari Holdings Metropolis, LLC, one of the Company's majority-owned subsidiaries. These membership units were purchased from the previous minority interest-holder, and accordingly, the percentage of this majority-owned subsidiary held by noncontrolling interests remains unchanged. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, this majority-owned subsidiary accrued distribution payments of approximately and to the CEO and COO, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, this majority-owned subsidiary accrued distribution payments of approximately and to the CEO and COO, respectively. 
 
 The Company holds a interest in a delivery company that delivers products purchased at certain of the Company's dispensaries (the "Delivery Company"). The remaining interest is held by a non-executive officer employee of the Company who was a founder of the Delivery Company. The Company has provided funding to the Delivery Company; during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company provided funding of approximately and , respectively. As of September 30, 2024, these amounts remained outstanding. 
 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 and , respectively, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. Payment of these fees terminated effective as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company s mortgages with Bank of New England and DuQuoin State Bank were personally guaranteed by the CEO. Additionally, the CEO provided a limited guaranty to the Lenders under the Company's Credit Agreement with Chicago Atlantic through its repayment in November 2023. The CEO had also guaranteed the South Porte Bank Mortgage prior to its repayment in May 2023. 

(16) 
 
 million, which was fully reserved at December 31, 2019. In early 2020, GenCanna entered a Chapter 11 bankruptcy, leading to a liquidating plan that remains ongoing. In 2022, the Plan Administrator filed a complaint against MMH for alleged preferential transfers, which was settled in 2023 by reducing MMH's general unsecured claim to million. In the three months ended September 30, 2024, MMH received a liquidation distribution of . As of the date of this filing, there is insufficient information to determine the amount of further liquidation distributions, if any, that MMH may receive on account of its general unsecured claim. 
 
 New Bedford, MA and Middleborough, MA Buildouts 
 
 In the third quarter of 2023, the Company recorded an increase of million in building and building improvements and a corresponding accrued liability in the same amount for electrical work performed at the Company's New Bedford and Middleborough properties between December 2017 and June 2023. The electrical work was performed by an electrical contractor that is owned and/or controlled by the family of a non-officer/director Company stockholder who beneficially owned more than of the Company's common stock when the electrical work began. The electrical work was primarily paid for by an entity that is indirectly controlled by that individual and another non-officer/director Company stockholder who also beneficially owned more than of the Company's common stock when the electrical work began. The Company repaid the two shareholders each as salary between 2021 and 2023 (at the rate of each per year), which payments have since terminated. Discussions to reach agreement with the entity that paid for the electrical work and all other interested parties to address this liability and related payment terms are ongoing. 

(17) 
 
 shares of common stock in the aggregate underlying RSUs that vested on various dates prior to the filing of this report. 
 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussions and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 The following discussion of the financial condition and results of operations of MariMed Inc. should be read in conjunction with the condensed consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and the audited financial statements and notes thereto and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations included in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the "2023 10-K"), which was filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on March 7, 2024. 

Forward Looking Statements 
 
 When used in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and in future filings by the Company with the SEC, words or phrases, such as anticipate, believe, could, would, should, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, predict, project, will or similar expressions, are intended to identify forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on any such forward looking statements, each of which speak only as of the date made. Such statements are subject to certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from historical earnings and those presently anticipated or projected. The Company has no obligation to publicly release the result of any revisions which may be made to any forward-looking statements to reflect anticipated or unanticipated events or circumstances occurring after the date of such statements. 
 
 These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause actual results to be materially different. These factors include, but are not limited to, changes that may occur to general economic and business conditions; changes in current pricing levels that the Company can charge for its services and products or which it pays to its suppliers and business partners; changes in political, social and economic conditions in the jurisdictions in which the Company operates; changes to regulations that pertain to its operations; changes in technology that render the Company s technology relatively inferior, obsolete or more expensive compared to others; changes in the business prospects of the Company s business partners and customers; increased competition, including from the Company s business partners; and enforcement of U.S. federal cannabis-related laws. 
 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes which are included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 The Company does not undertake to update its forward-looking statements or risk factors to reflect future events or circumstances, unless required by law. 
 
 Overview 
 
 We are a multi-state operator in the United States cannabis industry. We develop, operate, manage and optimize state-of-the-art, regulatory-compliant facilities for the cultivation, production and dispensing of medicinal and adult-use cannabis. We also license our proprietary brands of cannabis products, along with other top brands, in several domestic markets. 
 
 We completed two acquisitions during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which we accounted for as asset purchase. On April 9, 2024, we acquired 100 of the membership interests of Allgreens Dispensary, LLC ("Allgreens"), which held a conditional adult-use cannabis dispensary license in Illinois. On April 5, 2024, we acquired 100 of the membership interests of Our Community Wellness Compassionate Care Center, Inc. ("MedLeaf"), which held a retail dispensary license in Maryland. The MedLeaf dispensary had ceased operations since July 1, 2023, but we reopened it on August 19, 2024, upon receiving regulatory approval to commence adult use retail sales. 
 
 On March 9, 2023 (the "Ermont Acquisition Date"), we acquired the operating assets of Ermont, Inc. ("Ermont"), a medical-licensed vertical cannabis operator located in Quincy, Massachusetts (the "Ermont Acquisition"). The financial results of Ermont are included in our condensed consolidated financial statements for the period subsequent to the Ermont Acquisition Date. 
 
 During 2024, we continue to focus on executing our strategic growth plan, with priority on activities that include the following: 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Completing the acquisition and consolidation of the client cannabis businesses we developed, managed and advised prior to becoming a seed to sale multi-state operator. There is one remaining business that we continue to manage and intend to acquire - Delaware operator First State Compassion Center ("FSCC"). Delaware's current cannabis regulations prevent such an acquisition. 
 Increasing revenue organically in states where we currently do business by developing additional assets and increasing our product distribution within those states. 
 Expanding our footprint into high-growth legal cannabis states through new license applications and/or acquisitions of existing cannabis businesses. 
 Increasing product brand revenue by introducing new, innovative products that consumers want, expanding our award-winning brands to include new effects or to fill additional customer needs, and by identifying qualified licensing partners that will expand our distribution into new markets. 
 In November 2023, we announced the closing of a 58.7 million secured credit facility with a Needham Bank at a lower rate relative to both our previous outstanding debt with Chicago Atlantic Admin, LLC Chicago Atlantic and recent transactions announced by other cannabis companies. This debt refinancing enabled us to pay off our term loan with Chicago Atlantic, pay off the mortgage on our New Bedford and Middleborough, Massachusetts facilities with Bank of New England, and reduce the principal outstanding on the note we issued to the sellers in connection with our acquisition of the operating assets of Ermont, Inc. Our new credit facility has allowed us to unencumber our operating assets in Illinois, Ohio, and Delaware, as well as our branded products, providing additional levers for future loans at attractive rates if we choose to increase our borrowings. Additionally, the credit facility bolsters our ability to continue to execute our strategic plan, particularly as it relates to growing the Company through mergers and acquisitions. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Management s discussion and analysis of financial condition and results of operations is based upon our condensed consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP ). The preparation of these financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and related disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities. We base our estimates and judgments on historical experience, knowledge of current conditions and beliefs of what could occur in the future given available information. If actual results differ significantly from management s estimates and projections, there could be a material effect on our condensed consolidated financial statements. We consider the following accounting policies to be both those most important to the portrayal of our financial condition and those that require the most subjective judgment: accounts receivable; valuation of inventory; estimated useful lives and depreciation and amortization of property and equipment and intangible assets; accounting for acquisitions and business combinations; loss contingencies and reserves; stock-based compensation; and accounting for income taxes. 
 
 Accounts Receivable 
 
 We provide credit to our clients in the form of payment terms. We limit our credit risk by performing credit evaluations of our clients and maintaining a reserve, as applicable, for potential credit losses. Such evaluations are judgmental in nature and include a review of each client s outstanding balances with consideration toward such client s historical collection experience, as well as prevailing economic and market conditions and other factors. Accordingly, the actual amounts collected could differ from expected amounts and require that we record additional reserves. 
 
 Inventory 
 
 Our inventory is valued at the lower of cost or market, including consideration of factors such as shrinkage, the aging of and future demand for inventory, expected future selling price, what we expect to realize by selling the inventory and the contractual arrangements with customers. Reserves for excess and obsolete inventory are based upon quantities on hand, projected volumes from demand forecasts, and net realizable value. These estimates are judgmental in nature and are made at a point in time, using available information, expected business plans and expected market conditions. As a result, the actual amount received on sale could differ from the estimated value of inventory. Periodic reviews are performed on the inventory balance. The impact of any changes in inventory reserves is reflected in cost of goods sold. 
 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 Estimated Useful Lives and Depreciation and Amortization of Property, Equipment, and Intangible Assets 
 
 Depreciation and amortization of property, equipment, and intangible assets are dependent upon estimates of useful lives, which are determined through the exercise of judgment. The assessment of any impairment of these assets is dependent upon estimates of recoverable amounts that take into account factors such as economic and market conditions and the useful lives of assets. 
 
 Business Combinations and Asset Purchases 
 
 Classification of a business acquisition as a business combination or an asset acquisition depends on whether the assets acquired constitute a business, which can be a complex judgment. Whether an acquisition is classified as a business combination or asset acquisition can have a significant impact on how we record the transaction. 
 
 We allocate the purchase price of acquired assets and companies to identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their acquisition date fair values. Goodwill as of the acquisition date is measured as the excess of consideration transferred over the net amount of the acquisition date fair values of the assets acquired and the liabilities assumed and represents the expected future economic benefits from other assets acquired in the acquisition or business combination that are not individually identified and separately recognized. Significant judgments and assumptions are required in determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, particularly acquired intangible assets, which are principally based upon estimates of the future performance and cash flows expected from the acquired asset or business and applied discount rates. While we use our best estimates and assumptions as part of the purchase price allocation process to accurately value assets acquired and liabilities assumed at the acquisition date, our estimates and assumptions are inherently uncertain and subject to refinement. If different assumptions are used, it could materially impact the purchase price allocation and our financial position and results of operations. Any adjustments to assets acquired or liabilities assumed subsequent to the purchase price allocation period are included in operating results in the period in which the adjustments are determined. Intangible assets typically are comprised of trademarks and trade names, licenses and customer relationships, and non-compete agreements. 
 
 Loss Contingencies and Reserves 
 
 We are subject to ongoing business risks arising in the ordinary course of business that affect the estimation process of the carrying value of assets, the recording of liabilities, and the possibility of various loss contingencies. An estimated loss contingency is accrued when it is probable that a liability has been incurred or an asset has been impaired and the amount of loss can be reasonably estimated. We regularly evaluate current information available to determine whether such amounts should be adjusted and record changes in estimates in the period they become known. We are subject to legal claims from time to time. We reserve for legal contingencies and legal fees when the amounts are probable and estimable. 
 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 
 Our stock-based compensation cost is measured at the grant date based on the fair value of the award and is recognized over the requisite service period, which is generally the vesting period. We use the Black-Scholes valuation model for estimating the fair value of stock options as of the date of grant. Determining the fair value of stock option awards at the grant date requires judgment regarding certain valuation assumptions, including the volatility of our stock price, expected term of the stock option, risk-free interest rate and expected dividends. Changes in such assumptions and estimates could result in different fair values and could therefore impact our earnings. Such changes, however, would not impact our cash flows. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 We use the asset and liability method to account for income taxes. Under this method, deferred income tax assets and liabilities are recorded for the future tax consequences of differences between the tax basis and financial reporting basis of assets and liabilities, measured using enacted tax rates and laws that will be in effect when the differences are expected to reverse. Deferred tax assets are reduced by a valuation allowance to the extent our management concludes that it is more likely than not that the assets will not be realized. To assess the recoverability of any tax assets recorded on the balance sheet, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our past operating results, the existence of cumulative income in the most recent years, changes in the business in which we operate and our forecast of future taxable income. In determining future taxable income, we make assumptions, including the amount of state and federal pre-tax operating income, the reversal of temporary differences and the implementation of feasible and prudent tax strategies. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 These assumptions require significant judgment about the forecasts of future taxable income and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage our businesses. 

Results of Operations 
 
 Three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Revenue 
 
 Our main sources of revenue are comprised of the following: 
 
 Product sales (retail and wholesale) - direct sales of cannabis and cannabis-infused products primarily by our retail dispensaries and wholesale operations in multiple states. We recognize this revenue when products are delivered or at retail points-of-sale. 
 Supply procurement fees fees from facilitating purchases of cultivation and production resources, supplies and equipment for our cannabis-licensed clients and third parties. We recognize this revenue after the delivery and acceptance of goods by a purchaser. 
 Real estate rentals - rental income generated from leasing of our state-of-the-art, regulatory-compliant cannabis facilities to our cannabis-licensed clients. Rental income is generally a fixed amount per month that escalates over the respective lease terms. 
 Management fees - fees for providing our cannabis clients with comprehensive oversight of their cannabis cultivation, production and dispensary operations. 
 Licensing fees - revenue from the licensing of our branded products, including Betty's Eddies , Bubby's Baked , Vibations and Kalm Fusion , to wholesalers and regulated dispensaries throughout the United States and Puerto Rico. We recognize this revenue when the products are delivered. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Our revenue for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 was comprised of the following (in thousands): 
 
 Increase (decrease) from prior year 2024 
 2023 
 Three months ended September 30, Product revenue: 
 Product sales - retail 
 23,384 24,121 (737) (3.1) Product sales - wholesale 
 16,310 13,643 2,667 19.5 Total product revenue 39,694 37,764 1,930 5.1 Other revenue: 
 Real estate rentals 319 631 (312) (49.4) Supply procurement 323 321 2 0.6 Management fees 189 37 152 410.8 Licensing fees 66 47 19 40.4 Total other revenue 897 1,036 (139) (13.4) Total revenue 40,591 38,800 1,791 4.6 Nine months ended September 30, Product revenue: 
 Product sales - retail 
 69,353 71,640 (2,287) (3.2) Product sales - wholesale 
 46,683 35,050 11,633 33.2 Total product revenue 116,036 106,690 9,346 8.8 Other revenue: 
 Real estate rentals 976 1,570 (594) (37.8) Supply procurement 1,020 1,125 (105) (9.3) Management fees 787 91 696 764.8 Licensing fees 143 223 (80) (35.9) Total other revenue 2,926 3,009 (83) (2.8) Total revenue 118,962 109,699 9,263 8.4 
 
 Our total revenue increased 1.8 million, or 4.6 , in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. Our total product revenue increased 1.9 million, or 5.1 , in the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same prior year period. The 2.7 million increase in revenue from our wholesale operations was partially offset by a 0.7 million decrease in retail sales. The increase in wholesale revenue was attributable to the inclusion of wholesale revenue in Illinois in the current year, coupled with higher revenue in our other wholesale locations. Our retail operations in Massachusetts reported higher retail revenue in the three months ended September 30, 2024, partially offset by lower retail revenue in our other locations, primarily certain of our Illinois dispensaries. The decrease in other revenue in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily attributable to lower real estate rentals, partially offset by management fees. 
 
 Our total revenue increased 9.3 million, or 8.4 , in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023, primarily attributable to wholesale revenue, partially offset by lower retail sales and other revenue. The increase in wholesale revenue was attributable to the inclusion of wholesale revenue in Illinois in the current year, coupled with higher revenue in our other wholesale locations, particularly in Maryland. Our retail operations in Illinois reported lower revenue in the aggregate; however, this decrease was partially offset by higher net sales in our Massachusetts dispensaries and in Maryland. Our other revenue was relatively unchanged in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase in management fees principally related to Allgreens prior to the Allgreens Acquisition Date. This increase was offset by reductions to our remaining other revenue sources. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Cost of Revenue, Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 
 Our cost of revenue represents the direct costs associated with the generation of our revenue, including licensing, packaging, supply procurement, manufacturing, supplies, depreciation, amortization of acquired intangible assets, and other product-related costs. 
 
 Our cost of revenue, gross profit and gross margin for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Increase (decrease) from prior year 2024 2023 Three months ended September 30, Cost of revenue 23,813 21,962 1,851 8.4 Gross profit 16,778 16,838 (60) (0.4) Gross margin 41.3 43.4 Nine months ended September 30, Cost of revenue 68,803 61,097 7,706 12.6 Gross profit 50,159 48,602 1,557 3.2 Gross margin 42.2 44.3 
 
 Our cost of revenue increased in both the three- and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same periods in the prior year. These increases were primarily attributable to increases in employee-related expenses and materials costs aggregating approximately 2 million and 6 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Our higher personnel costs were primarily due to our increased headcount in connection with our recent acquisitions and expanded footprint. These increases were partially offset by decreases in certain inventory-related expenses. 
 
 Operating Expenses 
 
 Our operating expenses are comprised of personnel, marketing and promotion, general and administrative, acquisition-related and other, and bad debt expenses. Our operating expenses for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 were as follows (in thousands, except percentages): 
 Increase (decrease) from prior year 2024 2023 Three months ended September 30, Personnel 7,255 5,916 1,339 22.6 Marketing and promotion 1,828 1,585 243 15.3 General and administrative 6,100 6,135 (35) (0.6) Acquisition-related and other 371 32 339 1059.4 Bad debt (116) (122) 6 (4.9 15,438 13,546 1,892 14.0 Nine months ended September 30, Personnel 20,678 16,191 4,487 27.7 Marketing and promotion 5,446 4,397 1,049 23.9 General and administrative 19,044 15,520 3,524 22.7 Acquisition-related and other 805 647 158 24.4 Bad debt (131) (127) (4) 3.1 45,842 36,628 9,214 25.2 
 
 The increase in our personnel expenses in both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily due to the hiring of additional staff to support higher levels of projected revenue from existing operations and our recent acquisitions. Personnel costs increased to approximately 18 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 and 17 of revenue in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to approximately 15 of revenue in both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 The increase in our marketing and promotion expenses in both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily attributable to our continued focus on upgrading our marketing initiatives in order to expand branding and distribution of our licensed products. 
 
 Our general and administrative expenses in the three months ended September 30, 2024 were essentially flat compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The moderate increases in our deal costs and facility and related expenses were virtually offset by lower professional fees (i.e., legal, accounting and consulting), depreciation and amortization, and other general and administrative expenses. The increase in our general and administrative expenses in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was primarily attributable to higher facility and related expenses, depreciation and amortization of fixed assets, and professional fees. These increases were primarily attributable to the addition of new facilities and related fixed assets, coupled with higher professional fees, primarily legal fees in connection with our acquisitive and financing activities. 
 
 Acquisition-related and other expenses include those expenses related to acquisitions and other significant transactions that we would otherwise not have incurred, and include professional and services fees, such as legal, audit, consulting, paying agent and other fees. Our acquisition-related and other expense in both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily related to the acquisitions of MedLeaf and Allgreens, which were both consummated in April 2024, and non-cash expense for warrants to purchase our common stock issued to an entity in consideration for introductory and other services rendered in connection with certain funding and acquisitive transactions. Our acquisition-related and other expense in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 primarily related to our acquisitions and professional fees incurred to obtain the CA Credit Agreement (described below). 
 
 Interest 
 
 Interest expense primarily relates to interest on mortgages and notes payable, as well as the CREM Loan (described below) in 2024 and the CA Term Loan (described below) in 2023. Interest income primarily relates to our notes receivable. 
 
 Our net interest expense decreased 0.8 million in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, and 2.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. These decreases were primarily due to lower non-cash interest expense in the current year periods, coupled with lower interest rates on our CREM Loan compared to our previous financing facility. 
 
 Other Expense, Net 
 
 We reported net other expense of approximately 50,000 in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We did not record other income or expense in the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 We reported net other expense of 0.6 million and 1.6 million in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. The expense for the three months ended September 30, 2023 primarily relates to a 0.7 million term loan payment that we initiated in error to an account provided in a fraudulent email we received. We were initially advised by JPM Chase, the recipient's bank ("Chase") that we had identified the problem before the payment was delivered to the account identified by the email, and that the funds were being held by Chase pending its completion of an internal investigation. Chase has subsequently advised us that the funds were delivered to the fraudulent recipient's account. We continue to pursue all channels through our bank to recover these funds. In addition, we initiated, and are pursuing, a claim under our insurance coverage to recover this amount. There is no assurance that we will successfully recover all or any portion of this amount, including under our insurance claim. We reduced our cash balance and included this amount as a component of Other expense, net, in our condensed consolidated statement of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. If these funds, or any portion of these funds, are recovered, we will reverse the expense accordingly. We have implemented additional safeguards to protect ourselves from future fraudulent activity; please see Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors and Item 1C. Cybersecurity of our 2023 10-K. In addition to the aforementioned payment, the amount for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 also includes the write-off of assets in the first quarter of 2023 in connection with our decision to abandon a project to expand into Nevada. 
 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Income Tax Provision 
 
 We recorded income tax provisions of 3.2 million and 8.9 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Our income tax provisions are impacted by Section 280E of the Internal Revenue Code, which prohibits the deduction of certain ordinary business expenses. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 We had cash and cash equivalents of 9.8 million and 14.6 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. In addition to the discussions below of our cash flows from operating, investing, and financing activities, please also see our discussion of non-GAAP Adjusted EBITDA in the section Non-GAAP Measurement below, which discusses an additional financial measure not defined by GAAP which our management also uses to measure our liquidity. 
 
 CA Credit Agreement 
 
 On January 24, 2023, we entered into a Loan and Security Agreement, by and among the Company, subsidiaries of the Company from time-to-time party thereto (collectively with the Company, the CA Borrowers ), lenders from time-to-time party thereto (the CA Lenders ), and Chicago Atlantic Admin, LLC Chicago Atlantic ), as administrative agent for the Lenders (the "CA Credit Agreement"). 
 
 Proceeds from the CA Credit Agreement were designated to complete the build-out of a new cultivation and processing facility in Illinois, complete the build-out of a new processing kitchen in Missouri, expand existing cultivation and processing facilities in Massachusetts and Maryland, fund certain capital expenditures, and repay in full the Kind Therapeutics seller notes incurred in connection with the Kind Acquisition, which repayment occurred on January 24, 2023. The remaining balance, if any, was expected to be used to fund acquisitions. 
 
 The CA Credit Agreement provided for 35.0 million in principal borrowings at our option in the aggregate and further provided the CA Borrowers with the right, subject to customary conditions, to request an additional incremental term loan in the aggregate principal amount of up to 30.0 million; provided that the CA Lenders elect to fund such incremental term loan. 30.0 million of loan principal was funded at the initial closing (the "CA Term Loan") and we had the option, during the six-month period following the initial closing, to draw down an additional 5.0 million, which we did not elect to do. The loans required scheduled amortization payments of 1.0 of the principal amount outstanding under the CA Credit Agreement per month commencing in May 2023, and the remaining principal balance was due in full on January 24, 2026, subject to extension to January 24, 2028 under certain circumstances. 
 
 The CA Credit Agreement provided the CA Borrowers with the right, subject to specified limitations, to incur (a) seller provided debt in connection with future acquisitions, (b) additional mortgage financing from third-party lenders secured by real estate currently owned and acquired after the closing date, and (c) additional debt in connection with equipment leasing transactions. 
 
 The obligations under the CA Credit Agreement were secured by substantially all of the assets of the CA Borrowers, excluding specified parcels of real estate and other customary exclusions. 
 
 The CA Credit Agreement provided for a floating annual interest rate equal to the prime rate then in effect plus 5.75 , which rate could be increased by 3.00 upon an event of default or 7.50 upon a material event of default as provided in the Credit Agreement. 
 
 At any time, we could voluntarily prepay amounts due under the facility in 5.0 million increments, subject to a three-percent prepayment premium and, during the first 20-months of the term, a make-whole payment. 
 
 The CA Credit Agreement included customary representations and warranties and customary events of default, including, without limitation, payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to material indebtedness, and events of bankruptcy and insolvency. 
 
 The CA Credit Agreement also included customary negative covenants limiting our ability to incur additional indebtedness and grant liens that are otherwise not permitted, among others. Additionally, the CA Credit Agreement required us to meet 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 certain financial tests. We were in compliance with the CA Credit Agreement covenants at all times while the Term Loan was outstanding. 
 
 The CA Credit Agreement provided for 30 warrant coverage against amounts funded under the facility, priced at a 20 premium to the trailing 20-day average price on the closing date of each such funding. At the initial closing, upon funding of the initial 30.0 million under the facility, we issued to the CA Lenders warrants to purchase an aggregate of 19,148,936 shares of our common stock at 0.47 per share, exercisable for a five-year period following issuance. 
 
 On November 16, 2023 (the "Payoff Date"), we repaid and retired the CA Term Loan (the "Term Loan Payoff") using proceeds from a new 58.7 million loan entered into on the same date (see "CREM Loan" below). The Term Loan Payoff amount totaled 32.7 million, comprised of 28.5 million for the outstanding principal, 3.7 million for the make-whole payment, 0.2 million for accrued unpaid interest and 0.3 million for transaction-related fees. We recognized a loss of 10.2 million in connection with the Term Loan Payoff. 
 
 CREM Loan 
 
 On November 16, 2023, Mari Holdings MD LLC, Hartwell Realty Holdings LLC, Kind Therapeutics USA, LLC, ARL Healthcare Inc., and MariMed Advisors, Inc., each a wholly-owned direct or indirect subsidiary of the Company (collectively, the "CREM Borrowers") entered into a Loan Agreement (the "CREM Loan Agreement"), by and among the CREM Borrowers, and Needham Bank, a Massachusetts co-operative bank (the "CREM Lender") pursuant to which the CREM Lender loaned to the CREM Borrowers an aggregate principal amount of 58.7 million (the "CREM Loan Transaction"). The Company has fully guaranteed the obligations of the CREM Borrowers under the CREM Loan Transaction and pledged to the CREM Lender its equity ownership in each CREM Borrower. The CREM Lender has a first priority security interest in all of the CREM Borrowers' operating assets in Maryland and Massachusetts and first priority mortgages on the CREM Borrowers' properties owned in Maryland and Massachusetts. 
 
 The CREM Loan Transaction is for a term of ten years and has an interest rate for the initial five years of 8.43 per annum. The interest rate will reset after five years to the FHLB Rate (the Classic Advance Rate for Fixed Rate advances for a period of five years for an amount greater than or equal to the loan amount, as such rate is defined and published by the Federal Home Loan Bank of Boston), plus 3.50 . We will make interest-only payments for the first twelve months of the term of the loan, with payments thereafter based upon a twenty-year amortization schedule. 
 
 The CREM Lender initially released 52.8 million to the CREM Borrowers (the "Initial CREM Distribution"), with the remaining proceeds of 5.9 million placed into in escrow to complete the expansion of our Hagerstown, Maryland cultivation facility (the "Hagerstown Facility"). Any unused proceeds would be released to us after completion of the Hagerstown Facility expansion. We used 46.8 million of the Initial CREM Distribution to fully repay certain of our outstanding debt obligations. These payments were comprised of 32.7 million to repay the Term Loan, 11.9 million to repay the mortgage with Bank of New England for our New Bedford, MA and Middleborough, MA properties (the "BNE Mortgage"), and 2.2 million to reduce the outstanding balance of the note we issued in connection with the Ermont Acquisition. Concurrent with the repayment of the BNE Mortgage, we refinanced these properties through the CREM Loan and accordingly, effective November 16, 2023, the mortgage on these properties is held by Needham Bank, which mortgage matures in 2033 and which outstanding amount is included as a component of the CREM Loan amount in our consolidated balance sheet at December 31, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, 5.1 million of the escrowed portion of the loan proceeds was released to us, 
 
 The CREM Loan Agreement includes customary representations and warranties and customary events of default, including, without limitation, payment defaults, breaches of representations and warranties, covenant defaults, cross-defaults to material indebtedness, and events of bankruptcy and insolvency. The CREM Loan Agreement also includes customary negative covenants limiting the CREM Borrowers' (but not the Company's) ability to incur additional indebtedness and grant liens that are otherwise not permitted, among others. The CREM Loan Agreement also requires the CREM Borrowers to meet certain periodic financial tests. 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities 
 
 Our primary sources of cash from operating activities are from sales to customers in our dispensaries and to our wholesale customers. We expect cash flows from operating activities to be affected by increases and decreases in sales volumes and timing of collections, and by purchases of inventory and shipment of our products. Our primary uses of cash for operating 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 activities are for personnel costs, purchases of packaging and other materials required for the production and sale of our products, and income taxes. 
 
 Our operating activities provided 7.2 million and 4.7 million of cash in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The change in cash from operating activities in the current year period compared to the prior year was primarily attributable to higher costs and operating expenses arising from expanding our sales activities, facilities and geographic footprint, both in the states where we currently operate and to expand into other states. These higher costs primarily relate to personnel, cultivation/manufacturing and facility expenses. 
 
 Cash Flows from Investing Activities 
 
 Our investing activities used 15.9 million and 19.6 million of cash in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we used 10.9 million of cash for capital expenditures, 4.3 million for purchase consideration in connection with the MedLeaf Acquisition and Allgreens Acquisition, and 0.7 million for purchases of cannabis licenses. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we used 14.7 million of cash for capital expenditures, 3.0 million as part of the purchase consideration for the Ermont Acquisition, 0.6 million for cannabis licenses, 0.3 million for advances toward future acquisitions and 0.2 million for the purchase of certain investments. We also issued 0.9 million of notes receivable to a cannabis-licensed client. 
 
 Cash Flows from Financing Activities 
 
 Our financing activities provided 3.9 million of cash in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 18.5 million of cash in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we received 5.1 million of additional proceeds from the CREM Loan and 1.2 million of proceeds from the refinancing of our retail facility in Mt. Vernon, Illinois. We made 2.2 million of aggregate principal payments on our outstanding mortgages, promissory notes and finance leases, and approximately 120,000 of distribution payments. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we received proceeds of 29.1 million from the CA Credit Agreement, of which we used 5.5 million to repay in full the notes issued in connection with our 2022 acquisition of Kind Therapeutics USA (the "Kind Acquisition"). Excluding the aforementioned repayment of the notes in connection with the Kind Acquisition, we made 1.3 million of aggregate principal payments on our outstanding mortgages and promissory notes, including the repayment in full in May 2023 of our mortgage with South Porte Bank. We also paid 1.8 million for third-party debt issuance costs in connection with the CA Credit Agreement, and made 1.5 million of payments toward the outstanding balance of the CA Credit Agreement, 0.5 million of principal payments of finance leases, and 0.1 million of distribution payments. 
 
 Based on our current expectations, we believe our current cash and future funding opportunities will be sufficient to meet our anticipated cash needs for working capital and capital expenditures for at least the next twelve months. The rate at which we consume cash is dependent on the cash needs of our future operations, including our contractual obligations at September 30, 2024, and our ability to raise additional cash through financing activities. We anticipate devoting substantial capital resources to continue our efforts to execute our strategic growth plan as described above. 
 
 Non-GAAP Measurement 
 
 In addition to the financial information reflected in this report, which is prepared in accordance with GAAP, we are providing a non-GAAP financial measurement of profitability Adjusted EBITDA as a supplement to the preceding discussion of our financial results. 
 
 Management defines Adjusted EBITDA as income from operations, determined in accordance with GAAP, excluding the following: 
 
 depreciation and amortization of property and equipment; 
 amortization of acquired intangible assets; 
 impairments or write-downs of acquired intangible assets; 
 stock-based compensation; 
 legal settlements; and 
 acquisition-related and other. 
 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 Management believes that Adjusted EBITDA is a useful measure to assess our performance and liquidity, as it provides meaningful operating results by excluding the effects of expenses that are not reflective of our operating business performance. In addition, our management uses Adjusted EBITDA to understand and compare operating results across accounting periods, and for financial and operational decision-making. The presentation of Adjusted EBITDA is not intended to be considered in isolation or as a substitute for the financial information prepared in accordance with GAAP. 
 
 Management believes that investors and analysts benefit from considering Adjusted EBITDA in assessing our financial results and our ongoing business, as it allows for meaningful comparisons and analysis of trends in the business. Adjusted EBITDA is used by many investors and analysts themselves, along with other metrics, to compare financial results across accounting periods and to those of peer companies. 
 
 As there are no standardized methods of calculating non-GAAP measurements, our calculations may differ from those used by analysts, investors, and other companies, even those within the cannabis industry, and therefore they may not be directly comparable to similarly titled measures used by others. 
 
 Reconciliation of Income from Operations to Adjusted EBITDA (a Non-GAAP Measurement) 
 
 The table below reconciles income from operations to Adjusted EBITDA for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (in thousands): 
 Three months ended Nine months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 GAAP Income from operations 1,340 3,292 4,317 11,974 Depreciation and amortization of property and equipment 1,803 1,591 5,749 3,838 Amortization of acquired intangible assets 882 844 2,065 2,181 Stock-based compensation 280 296 772 801 Acquisition-related and other 371 32 805 647 Adjusted EBITDA 4,676 6,055 13,708 19,441 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenue, expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

Inflation 
 
 In the opinion of management, inflation has impacted the Company through increased costs of ingredients, nutrients and packaging. We recently negotiated with certain of our suppliers to reduce our costs for future purchases of ingredients, nutrients and packaging, all of which have increased significantly as a result of current economic conditions. 

Seasonality 
 
 In the opinion of management, our financial condition and results of its operations are not materially impacted by seasonal sales. 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 We have reviewed all recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting pronouncements, and we do not believe the future adoption of any such pronouncements will have a material impact on our financial condition or results of operations. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosure About Market Risk 
 
 The Company is a smaller reporting company as defined by Regulation S-K and, as such, is not required to provide the information contained in this item pursuant to Regulation S-K. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 The Company s management, with the participation of its Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures (defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of September 30, 2024 (the Evaluation Date ). Based upon that evaluation, the Company's management concluded that, as of the Evaluation Date, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act (i) are recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) are accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 There was no change to the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 
 There has been no material change to the status of the Company s previously reported legal proceedings. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 As a smaller reporting company, the Company is not required to provide the information contained in this item pursuant to Regulation S-K. However, information regarding the Company s risk factors appears in Part I, Item 1A. of its Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 (the "Annual Report"). These risk factors describe some of the assumptions, risks, uncertainties, and other factors that could adversely affect the Company s business or that could otherwise result in changes that differ materially from management s expectations. There have been no material changes to the risk factors contained in the Annual Report. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued unregistered securities as described below: 
 
 19,205 shares of restricted common stock with an aggregate fair value of approximately 4,600 issued under a royalty agreement. 
 
 The issuance of the shares of common stock described above were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act") in reliance upon Sections 4(a)(2) and/or 4(a)(5) of the Securities Act. A legend restricting the sale, transfer, or other disposition of the shares of restricted common stock other than in compliance with the Securities Act was placed on the shares of restricted common stock issued in the foregoing transactions. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 Termination of Insider Trading Arrangements 
 
 , , our , and , our , their respective Exchange Act Rule 10b5-1(c) (the "Trading Plans"). The Trading Plans authorized the sale of only such number of shares of the Company's common stock as were necessary to satisfy tax withholding obligations arising from the vesting of the compensatory restricted stock units awarded to Messrs. Levine and Shaw. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10-12G, File No. 000-54433, filed on June 9, 2011 with the SEC). 3.1.1 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on March 9, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.1 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on April 17, 2017 with the SEC). 3.1.2 Series B Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on February 27, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 28, 2020 with the SEC). 
 3.1.3 Certificate Eliminating the Series A Preferred Stock as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on February 27, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on February 28, 2020 with the SEC). 
 3.1.4 Series C Convertible Preferred Stock Certificate of Designation as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on March 1, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed on March 2, 2021 with the SEC). 
 3.1.5 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on April 25, 2017, effective as of May 1, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.5 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 15, 2021 with the SEC). 
 3.1.6 Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company as filed with the Secretary of State of Delaware on September 24, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1.6 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on November 15, 2021 with the SEC). 
 3.2 Amended and Restated By-Laws, effective as of August 5, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Company's Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 8, 2024 with the SEC). 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Office r 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith in accordance with Item 601 (32)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Date: November 7, 2024 
 MARIMED INC. By: /s/ Mario Pinho 
 Mario Pinho 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 
 46 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 mrmd-20240930xex311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certification 
 I, Jon R. Levine, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of MariMed Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Jon R. Levine 
 Jon R. Levine 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 mrmd-20240930xex312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) 15d-14(a) Certification 
 I, Mario Pinho, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of MariMed Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal controls over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures, and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Mario Pinho Mario Pinho Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 mrmd-20240930xex321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of MariMed Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jon R. Levine, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Jon R. Levine Jon R. Levine Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 A signed original of this certification has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 mrmd-20240930xex322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of MariMed Inc. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Mario Pinho, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, based on my knowledge 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 7, 2024 
 s Mario Pinho Mario Pinho Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 A signed original of this certification has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 mrmd-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 mrmd-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 mrmd-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 mrmd-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 mrmd-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

