<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_1611547_0001611547-24-000055.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10071156</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>142981</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1620738</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3468937</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2546057</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2114757</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001611547-24-000055.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241030070045
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001611547-24-000055
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		85
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241030

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Urban Edge Properties
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001611547
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				476311266
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36523
		FILM NUMBER:		241407403

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 ROUTE 4 EAST
		CITY:			PARAMUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07652
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-587-1000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 ROUTE 4 EAST
		CITY:			PARAMUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07652

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Vornado SpinCo
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140623

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Urban Edge Properties LP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001681169
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE [6500]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				364791544
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	333-212951-01
		FILM NUMBER:		241407404

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 ROUTE 4 EAST
		CITY:			PARAMUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07652
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-571-3500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		210 ROUTE 4 EAST
		CITY:			PARAMUS
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07652

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001611547-24-000055.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 ue-20240930.htm
 10-Q

ue-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D. C. 20549 
 FORM 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from __________to__________ 
 Commission File Number: (Urban Edge Properties) 
 Commission File Number: (Urban Edge Properties LP) 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (Urban Edge Properties) (Urban Edge Properties LP) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of class Trading symbol Name of exchange on which registered 
 _______________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 Urban Edge Properties x NO o Urban Edge Properties LP x NO o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 Urban Edge Properties x NO o Urban Edge Properties LP x NO o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Urban Edge Properties: 
 x Accelerated Filer 
 Non-Accelerated Filer 
 Smaller Reporting Company 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 
 Urban Edge Properties LP: 
 Large Accelerated Filer 
 Accelerated Filer 
 x Smaller Reporting Company 
 Emerging Growth Company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Urban Edge Properties o Urban Edge Properties LP o 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Urban Edge Properties YES NO Urban Edge Properties LP YES NO 
 As of October 25, 2024, Urban Edge Properties h ad co mmon shares outstanding. 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES AND URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES LP 
 QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 
 QUARTER ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 
 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements Consolidated Financial Statements of Urban Edge Properties: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 1 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 2 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 5 
 Consolidated Financial Statements of Urban Edge Properties LP: Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Income and Comprehensive Income for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (unaudited) 11 
 Urban Edge Properties and Urban Edge Properties LP Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (unaudited) 13 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 30 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 40 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 41 
 PART II Item 1. Legal Proceedings 41 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 41 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 42 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 43 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 43 
 Item 5. Other Information 43 
 Item 6. Exhibits 43 
 Signatures 44 

EXPLANATORY NOTE 
 This report combines the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Urban Edge Properties and Urban Edge Properties LP. Unless stated otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references to UE , Urban Edge and the REIT mean Urban Edge Properties, a Maryland real estate investment trust REIT ), and references to UELP and the Operating Partnership mean Urban Edge Properties LP, a Delaware limited partnership. References to the Company, we, us and our mean collectively UE, UELP and those entities/subsidiaries consolidated by UE. 
 UELP is the entity through which we conduct substantially all of our business and own, either directly or through subsidiaries, substantially all of our assets. UE is the sole general partner and also a limited partner of UELP. As the sole general partner of UELP, UE has exclusive control of UELP s day-to-day management. 
 As of September 30, 2024, UE owned an approximate 94.8 interest in UELP. The remaining approximate 5.2 interest is owned by other limited partners. The other limited partners of UELP are members of management, our Board of Trustees and contributors of property interests acquired. Under the limited partnership agreement of UELP, unitholders may present their common units of UELP for redemption at any time (subject to restrictions agreed upon at the time of issuance of the units that may restrict such right for a period of time). Upon presentation of a common unit for redemption, UELP must redeem the unit for cash equal to the then value of a share of UE s common shares, as defined by the limited partnership agreement. In lieu of cash redemption by UELP, however, UE may elect to acquire any common units so tendered by issuing common shares of UE in exchange for the common units. If UE so elects, its common shares will be exchanged for common units on a one-for-one basis. This one-for-one exchange ratio is subject to specified adjustments to prevent dilution. UE generally expects that it will elect to issue its common shares in connection with each such presentation for redemption rather than having UELP pay cash. With each such exchange or redemption, UE s percentage ownership in UELP will increase. In addition, whenever UE issues common shares other than to acquire common units of UELP, UE must contribute any net proceeds it receives to UELP and UELP must issue to UE an equivalent number of common units of UELP. This structure is commonly referred to as an umbrella partnership REIT, or UPREIT. 
 The Company believes that combining the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q of UE and UELP into this single report provides the following benefits: 
 enhances investors understanding of UE and UELP by enabling investors to view the business as a whole in the same manner as management views and operates the business; 
 eliminates duplicative disclosure and provides a more streamlined and readable presentation because a substantial portion of the disclosure applies to both UE and UELP; and 
 creates time and cost efficiencies throughout the preparation of one combined report instead of two separate reports. 
 Management operates Urban Edge Properties and the Operating Partnership as one business. The management of Urban Edge Properties consists of the same individuals as the management of the Operating Partnership. These individuals are officers of Urban Edge Properties and employees of the Operating Partnership. 
 The Company believes it is important to understand the few differences between UE and UELP in the context of how UE and UELP operate as a consolidated company. The financial results of UELP are consolidated into the financial statements of UE. UE does not have any other significant assets, liabilities or operations, other than its investment in UELP, nor does it have employees of its own. UELP, not UE, generally executes all significant business relationships other than transactions involving the securities of UE. UELP holds substantially all of the assets of UE and retains the ownership interests in the Company's joint ventures. UELP conducts the operations of the business and is structured as a partnership with no publicly traded equity. Except for the net proceeds from equity offerings by UE, which are contributed to the capital of UELP in exchange for units of limited partnership in UELP, as applicable, UELP generates all remaining capital required by the Company s business. These sources may include working capital, net cash provided by operating activities, borrowings under the revolving credit agreement, the issuance of secured and unsecured debt and equity securities and proceeds received from the disposition of certain properties. 
 Shareholders equity, partners capital and noncontrolling interests are the main areas of difference between the consolidated financial statements of UE and UELP. The limited partners of UELP are accounted for as partners capital in UELP s financial statements and as noncontrolling interests in UE s financial statements. The noncontrolling interests in UELP s financial statements include the interests of unaffiliated partners in consolidated entities. The noncontrolling interests in UE s financial statements include the same noncontrolling interests at UELP s level and limited partners of UELP. The differences between shareholders equity and partners capital result from differences in the equity issued at UE and UELP levels. 
 To help investors better understand the key differences between UE and UELP, certain information for UE and UELP in this report has been separated, as set forth below: Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited), which includes specific disclosures for UE and UELP, Note 14 , Equity and Noncontrolling Interest and Note 16 , Earnings Per Share and Unit. 
 This report also includes separate Part I, Item 4. Controls and Procedures sections and separate Exhibits 31 and 32 certifications for each of UE and UELP in order to establish that the requisite certifications have been made and that UE and UELP are compliant with Rule 13a-15 or Rule 15d-15 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Real estate, at cost: Land Buildings and improvements Construction in progress Furniture, fixtures and equipment Total Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Real estate, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Tenant and other receivables Receivable arising from the straight-lining of rents Identified intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Deferred leasing costs, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities: Mortgages payable, net Unsecured credit facility Operating lease liabilities Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Identified intangible liabilities, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 10 
 par value; shares authorized and and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Accumulated earnings Noncontrolling interests: Operating partnership Consolidated subsidiaries Total equity Total liabilities and equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 1 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 REVENUE Rental revenue Other income Total revenue EXPENSES Depreciation and amortization Real estate taxes Property operating General and administrative Real estate impairment loss Lease expense Total expenses Gain on sale of real estate Interest income Interest and debt expense ) ) ) ) Gain on extinguishment of debt, net Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net income Less net (income) loss attributable to NCI in: Operating partnership ) ) ) ) Consolidated subsidiaries Net income attributable to common shareholders Earnings per common share - Basic: Earnings per common share - Diluted: Weighted average shares outstanding - Basic Weighted average shares outstanding - Diluted Net income Effective portion of change in fair value of derivatives ) ) Comprehensive income Less comprehensive loss (income) attributable to NCI in: Operating partnership ) ) Less net (income) loss attributable to NCI in: Operating partnership ) ) ) ) Consolidated subsidiaries Comprehensive income attributable to common shareholders 

See notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 2 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except share and per share amounts) 
 
 Common Shares Noncontrolling Interests NCI Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated (Deficit) Earnings Operating Partnership Consolidated Subsidiaries Total Equity Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Net income (loss) attributable to NCI ) Other comprehensive income Limited partnership interests: Reallocation of NCI ) Common shares forfeited ) ) Dividends to common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Distributions to redeemable NCI per unit) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Balance, September 30, 2023 ) 

Common Shares Noncontrolling Interests NCI Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Earnings (Deficit) Operating Partnership Consolidated Subsidiaries Total Equity Balance, June 30, 2024 Net income attributable to common shareholders Net income (loss) attributable to NCI ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Limited partnership interests: Units redeemed for common shares Reallocation of NCI ) ) Common shares issued, net ) Dividends to common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Distributions to redeemable NCI per unit) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of LTIP Units Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 3 

Common Shares Noncontrolling Interests NCI Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated (Deficit) Earnings Operating Partnership Consolidated Subsidiaries Total Equity Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Net income attributable to common shareholders Net income (loss) attributable to NCI ) Other comprehensive income Limited partnership interests: Units redeemed for common shares Reallocation of NCI ) ) Common shares issued ) Dividends to common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Distributions to redeemable NCI per unit) 
 ) ) Contributions from NCI Share-based compensation expense Share-based awards retained for taxes ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) 

Common Shares Noncontrolling Interests NCI Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Earnings (Deficit) Operating Partnership Consolidated Subsidiaries Total Equity Balance, December 31, 2023 Net income attributable to common shareholders Net income (loss) attributable to NCI ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Limited partnership interests: Units redeemed for common shares Reallocation of NCI ) ) Common shares issued, net ) Dividends to common shareholders per share) 
 ) ) Distributions to redeemable NCI per unit) 
 ) ) Contributions from NCI Share-based compensation expense Issuance of LTIP Units Share-based awards retained for taxes ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 

See notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 4 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Gain on sale of real estate ) ) Real estate impairment loss Gain on extinguishment of debt, net ) ) Amortization of below market leases, net ) ) Noncash lease expense Straight-lining of rent ) ) Share-based compensation expense Change in operating assets and liabilities: Tenant and other receivables ) Deferred leasing costs ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Lease liabilities ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Real estate development and capital improvements ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate Acquisitions of real estate ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Debt repayments ) ) Dividends to common shareholders ) ) Distributions to redeemable noncontrolling interests ) ) Taxes withheld for vested restricted shares ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Borrowings under unsecured credit facility Proceeds from mortgage loan borrowings Debt issuance costs ) ) Proceeds related to the issuance of common shares, net Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

See notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 5 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash payments for interest, net of amounts capitalized of and , respectively 
 Cash payments for income taxes NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Accrued capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Write-off of fully depreciated and impaired assets Mortgage debt forgiven Transfer of assets held for sale included in prepaid expenses and other assets Transfer of liabilities held for sale included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Decrease in assets and liabilities in connection with foreclosure: Real estate, net Mortgage debt, net RECONCILIATION OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Restricted cash at end of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

See notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 6 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES LP 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except unit amounts) 
 September 30, December 31, 2024 2023 ASSETS Real estate, at cost: Land Buildings and improvements Construction in progress Furniture, fixtures and equipment Total Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Real estate, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Tenant and other receivables Receivable arising from the straight-lining of rents Identified intangible assets, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Deferred leasing costs, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Prepaid expenses and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND EQUITY Liabilities: Mortgages payable, net Unsecured credit facility Operating lease liabilities Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities Identified intangible liabilities, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Note 10 
 and units outstanding, respectively 
 Limited partners: and units outstanding, respectively 
 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Accumulated earnings Total partners capital Noncontrolling interest in consolidated subsidiaries Total equity Total liabilities and equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 7 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES LP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except per unit amounts) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 REVENUE Rental revenue Other income Total revenue EXPENSES Depreciation and amortization Real estate taxes Property operating General and administrative Real estate impairment loss Lease expense Total expenses Gain on sale of real estate Interest income Interest and debt expense ) ) ) ) Gain on extinguishment of debt, net Income before income taxes Income tax expense ) ) ) ) Net income Less net loss attributable to NCI in consolidated subsidiaries Net income attributable to unitholders Earnings per unit - Basic: Earnings per unit - Diluted: Weighted average units outstanding - Basic Weighted average units outstanding - Diluted Net income Effective portion of change in fair value of derivatives ) ) Comprehensive income Less net loss attributable to NCI in consolidated subsidiaries Comprehensive income attributable to unitholders 

See notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 

8 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES LP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CHANGES IN EQUITY 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands, except unit and per unit amounts) 
 Total Shares General Partner Total Units Limited Partners (1) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated (Deficit) Earnings NCI in Consolidated Subsidiaries Total Equity Balance, June 30, 2023 ) Net income attributable to unitholders Net loss attributable to NCI ) ) Other comprehensive income Common units issued as a result of common shares issued by Urban Edge ) ) Reallocation of NCI ) Distributions to Partners per unit) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Balance, September 30, 2023 ) 
 (1) common limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership as of September 30, 2023 in the form of Operating Partnership Units OP Units and Long-Term Incentive Plan Units LTIP Units ). 

Total Shares General Partner Total Units Limited Partners (2) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Earnings (Deficit) NCI in Consolidated Subsidiaries Total Equity Balance, June 30, 2024 Net income attributable to unitholders Net loss attributable to NCI ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Common units issued as a result of common shares issued by Urban Edge, net ) Equity redemption of OP Units ) Reallocation of noncontrolling interests ) ) Distributions to Partners per unit) 
 ) ) Share-based compensation expense Issuance of LTIP Units Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 
 (2) common limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership as of September 30, 2024 in the form of OP Units and LTIP Units. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 9 

Total Shares General Partner Total Units Limited Partners (1) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income Accumulated (Deficit) Earnings NCI in Consolidated Subsidiaries Total Equity Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Net income attributable to unitholders Net loss attributable to NCI ) ) Other comprehensive income Common units issued as a result of common shares issued by Urban Edge ) Equity redemption of OP Units ) Reallocation of NCI ) ) Distributions to Partners per unit) 
 ) ) Contributions from NCI Share-based compensation expense Share-based awards retained for taxes ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) 
 (1) common limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership as of September 30, 2023 in the form of OP Units and LTIP Units. 

Total Shares General Partner Total Units Limited Partners (2) 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Accumulated Earnings (Deficit) NCI in Consolidated Subsidiaries Total Equity Balance, December 31, 2023 Net income attributable to unitholders Net loss attributable to NCI ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) ) Common units issued as a result of common shares issued by Urban Edge, net ) Equity redemption of OP Units ) Reallocation of NCI ) ) Distributions to Partners per unit) 
 ) ) Contributions from NCI Share-based compensation expense Issuance of LTIP Units Share-based awards retained for taxes ) ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 
 (2) common limited partnership interest in the Operating Partnership as of September 30, 2024 in the form of OP Units and LTIP Units. 

See notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 10 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES LP 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Unaudited) 
 (In thousands) 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Gain on sale of real estate ) ) Real estate impairment loss Gain on extinguishment of debt, net ) ) Amortization of below market leases, net ) ) Noncash lease expense Straight-lining of rent ) ) Share-based compensation expense Change in operating assets and liabilities: Tenant and other receivables ) Deferred leasing costs ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Lease liabilities ) ) Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES Real estate development and capital improvements ) ) Proceeds from sale of real estate Acquisitions of real estate ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Debt repayments ) ) Distributions to partners ) ) Taxes withheld for vested restricted units ) ) Contributions from noncontrolling interests Borrowings under unsecured credit facility Proceeds from mortgage loan borrowings Debt issuance costs ) ) Proceeds related to the issuance of common shares, net Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

See notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 11 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF CASH FLOW INFORMATION Cash payments for interest, net of amounts capitalized of and , respectively 
 Cash payments for income taxes NON-CASH INVESTING AND FINANCING ACTIVITIES Accrued capital expenditures included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Write-off of fully depreciated and impaired assets Mortgage debt forgiven Transfer of assets held for sale included in prepaid expenses and other assets Transfer of liabilities held for sale included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities ) Decrease in assets and liabilities in connection with foreclosure: Real estate, net Mortgage debt, net RECONCILIATION OF CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Restricted cash at end of period Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

See notes to consolidated financial statements (unaudited). 
 
 12 

URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES AND URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES LP 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 
 
 of the outstanding common OP Units with the remaining limited OP Units held by members of management, Urban Edge s Board of Trustees, and contributors of property interests acquired. Urban Edge serves as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. The third-party unitholders have limited rights over the Operating Partnership such that they do not have characteristics of a controlling financial interest. As such, the Operating Partnership is considered a variable interest entity VIE ), and the Company is the primary beneficiary which consolidates it. The Company s only investment is the Operating Partnership. The VIE s assets can be used for purposes other than the settlement of the VIE s obligations and the Company s partnership interest is considered a majority voting interest. 
 As of September 30, 2024, our portfolio consisted of shopping centers, outlet centers and malls totaling approximately million square feet sf ), which is inclusive of a controlling interest in our property in Walnut Creek, CA (Mt. Diablo), and an controlling interest in Sunrise Mall, in Massapequa, NY. 

2. 
 
 VIEs with total assets of million and million, respectively, and total liabilities of million and million, respectively. The consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, include the consolidated accounts of the Company, the Operating Partnership and the VIEs. All intercompany transactions have been eliminated in consolidation. 
 Our primary business is the ownership, management, acquisition, development, and redevelopment of retail shopping centers and malls. We do not distinguish from our primary business or group our operations on a geographical basis for purposes of measuring performance. The Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker CODM reviews operating and financial information on a consolidated basis. We aggregate all of our properties into reportable segment due to their similarities with regard to the nature and economics of the properties, tenants and operations, as well as long-term average financial performance. 
 None of our tenants accounted for more than 10 of our revenue or property operating income as of September 30, 2024. 

13 

3. 
 
 years. 
 Upon the acquisition of real estate, we assess the fair value of acquired assets (including land, buildings and improvements, identified intangibles, such as acquired above and below-market leases, acquired in-place leases and tenant relationships) and assumption of liabilities and we allocate the purchase price based on these assessments on a relative fair value basis. We assess fair value based on estimated cash flow projections utilizing appropriate discount and capitalization rates and available market information. Estimates of future cash flows are based on a number of factors including historical operating results, known trends, and market/economic conditions. We record acquired intangible assets (including acquired above-market leases, acquired in-place leases and tenant relationships) and acquired intangible liabilities (including below-market leases) at their estimated fair value. We amortize identified intangibles that have finite lives over the period they are expected to contribute directly or indirectly to the future cash flows of the property or business acquired. 
 Our properties and development projects are individually evaluated for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. Such events and changes include macroeconomic conditions, operating performance, and environmental and regulatory changes, which may result in property operational disruption and could indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. An impairment exists when the carrying amount of an asset exceeds the aggregate projected future cash flows over the anticipated holding period on an undiscounted basis taking into account the appropriate capitalization rate in determining a future terminal value. An impairment loss is measured based on the excess of the property s carrying amount over its estimated fair value. Estimated fair value may be based on discounted future cash flows utilizing appropriate discount and capitalization rates and, in addition to available market information, third-party appraisals, broker selling estimates or sale agreements under negotiation. Impairment analyses are based on our current plans, intended holding periods and available market information at the time the analyses are prepared. If our estimates of the projected future cash flows change based on uncertain market conditions, our evaluation of impairment losses may be different and such differences could be material to our consolidated financial statements. 

LIBOR-based loans to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR ). The amendments went into effect in July 2023 and did not have a material impact on the loans affected. 
 14 

4. 
 
 April 5, 2024 Ledgewood Commons Roxbury Township NJ 2024 Total June 21, 2023 Sunrise Mall (Ground Lease) (2) 
 Massapequa NY 2023 Total 
 (1) The total purchase price for the properties acquired during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 includes million and million of transaction costs, respectively. 
 (2) Pertains to the buyout and termination of a ground lease for certain land parcels at our Sunrise Mall property in which the Company previously held a lessee position. 
 
 On February 8, 2024, the Company acquired Heritage Square, an unencumbered sf shopping center located in Watchung, NJ, for a purchase price of million, including transaction costs. The property is anchored by Ulta and TJX 
 15 

outparcels with a fourth currently under construction. The acquisition was funded using cash on hand. 
 On April 5, 2024, the Company closed on the acquisition of Ledgewood Commons, located in Roxbury Township, NJ, for a purchase price of million, including transaction costs. The center, aggregating sf, is anchored by a grocer and includes pre-approved but undeveloped outparcels. On May 3, 2024, the Company obtained a -year, million mortgage secured by the property that bears interest at a fixed rate of . 
 ) Ledgewood Commons ) 2024 Total ) Sunrise Mall (Ground Lease) 2023 Total 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, the remaining weighted average amortization periods of the identified intangible assets and identified intangible liabilities acquired in 2024 were years and years, respectively. 
 
 On October 29, 2024, the Company closed on the acquisition of The Village at Waugh Chapel, located in Gambrills, MD, for a gross purchase price of million. The grocery-anchored center, aggregates sf and includes national tenants such as Safeway, Marshalls, HomeGoods, T.J. Maxx, and LA Fitness. 
 
 Dispositions 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company disposed of properties and received proceeds of million, net of selling costs, resulting in a million gain on sale of real estate. 
 On April 26, 2024, the Company completed the sale of its sf industrial property located in Lodi, NJ for a gross price of million and recognized a gain on sale of real estate of million. The sale was structured as part of a Section 1031 exchange with the acquisition of Heritage Square which closed on February 8, 2024, allowing for the deferral of capital gains resulting from the sale for income tax purposes. 
 On March 14, 2024, the Company completed the sale of its sf property located in Hazlet, NJ for a gross price of million and recognized a gain on sale of real estate of million. 
 The total gain on sale of real estate of million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes amounts related to properties disposed of in prior periods. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, dispositions were completed by the Company, however, a gain on sale of real estate of million was recognized in connection with the release of escrow funds related to a property that was disposed of in a prior period. 
 
 Real Estate Held for Sale 
 As of September 30, 2024, a single-tenant property in Union, NJ met the criteria to be classified as held for sale based on an executed contract with a third-party buyer. The aggregate carrying amount of this property was million, and is included in prepaid expenses and other assets on our consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024. The mortgage debt at the property was million, including deferred financing costs, and is included in the accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities line item on our consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024. The property was sold on October 29, 2024 for a gross price of million and the mortgage secured by the property was assumed by the buyer. The transaction was structured as part of a Section 1031 exchange with the acquisition of The Village at Waugh Chapel, allowing for the deferral of capital gains resulting from the sale for income tax purposes. 

16 

5. 
 
 million and million, respectively, as of September 30, 2024 and million and million, respectively, as of December 31, 2023. 
 Amortization of acquired below-market leases, net of acquired above-market leases, resulted in additional rental income of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the same periods in 2023. 
 Amortization of acquired in-place leases inclusive of customer relationships resulted in additional depreciation and amortization expense of million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the same periods in 2023. 
 ) ) 2025 ) ) 2026 ) ) 2027 ) ) 2028 ) ) 2029 ) ) 
 . 
 17 

6. 
 
 Gun Hill Commons (1) 
 12/1/2024 Plaza at Woodbridge (2) 
 6/8/2027 Total variable rate debt Fixed rate Brick Commons 12/10/2024 West End Commons 12/10/2025 Town Brook Commons 12/1/2026 Rockaway River Commons 12/1/2026 Hanover Commons 12/10/2026 Tonnelle Commons 4/1/2027 Manchester Plaza 6/1/2027 Millburn Gateway Center 6/1/2027 Totowa Commons 12/1/2027 Woodbridge Commons 12/1/2027 Brunswick Commons 12/6/2027 Rutherford Commons 1/6/2028 Kingswood Center (3) 
 2/6/2028 Hackensack Commons 3/1/2028 Marlton Commons 12/1/2028 Union (Vauxhall) (7) 
 12/10/2028 Yonkers Gateway Center (4) 
 4/10/2029 Ledgewood Commons 5/5/2029 The Shops at Riverwood 6/24/2029 Shops at Bruckner 7/1/2029 Greenbrook Commons (5) 
 9/1/2029 Huntington Commons 12/5/2029 Bergen Town Center 4/10/2030 The Outlets at Montehiedra 6/1/2030 Montclair (6) 
 8/15/2030 Garfield Commons 12/1/2030 Woodmore Towne Centre 1/6/2032 Newington Commons 7/1/2033 Shops at Caguas 8/1/2033 Briarcliff Commons 10/1/2034 Mount Kisco Commons 11/15/2034 Total fixed rate debt Total mortgages payable Less: Union (Vauxhall - held for sale) (7) 
 12/10/2028 ) ) Total mortgages payable, excluding held for sale Total unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Less: Union (Vauxhall - held for sale) unamortized debt issuance costs (7) 
 Total mortgages payable, net excluding held for sale 
 (1) The Company paid off the loan prior to maturity on January 2, 2024. 
 (2) Bears interest at one month SOFR plus bps. The variable component of the debt is hedged with an interest rate cap agreement to limit SOFR to a maximum of , which expires July 1, 2025. 
 18 

million gain on extinguishment of debt in the second quarter of 2024. 
 (4) On March 28, 2024, the Company refinanced the mortgage secured by the property with a new -year, million loan. 
 (5) The Company paid off the previous variable rate loan in January 2024. On August 29, 2024, the Company obtained a new , million fixed rate loan. 
 (6) Bears interest at SOFR plus bps. The fixed and variable components of the debt are hedged with an interest rate swap agreement, fixing the rate at , which expires at the maturity of the loan. 
 (7) The mortgage is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 as the property securing it is classified as held for sale. 
 
 The net carrying amount of real estate collateralizing the above indebtedness amounted to approximately billion as of September 30, 2024. Our mortgage loans contain covenants that limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness on these properties and in certain circumstances require lender approval of tenant leases and/or yield maintenance upon repayment prior to maturity. As of September 30, 2024, we were in compliance with all debt covenants . 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 2029 Thereafter 
 (1) Remainder of 2024. 
 
 Revolving Credit Agreement 
 On January 15, 2015, we entered into a million revolving credit agreement (the Agreement with certain financial institutions. On March 7, 2017, we amended and extended the Agreement. The amendment increased the credit facility size by million to million and extended the maturity date to March 7, 2021, with extension options. On July 29, 2019, we entered into a second amendment to the Agreement to extend the maturity date to January 29, 2024, with extension options. 
 On June 3, 2020, we entered into a third amendment to the Agreement which, among other things, modified certain definitions and the measurement period for certain financial covenants to a trailing four-quarter period instead of the most recent quarter period annualized. 
 On August 9, 2022, we amended and restated the Agreement, in order to, among other things, increase the credit facility size by million to million and extend the maturity date to February 9, 2027, with extension options. Borrowings under the amended and restated Agreement are subject to interest at SOFR plus to and an annual facility fee of to basis points. Both the spread over SOFR and the facility fee are based on our current leverage ratio and are subject to change. The Agreement contains customary financial covenants including a maximum leverage ratio of and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of x. 
 The Company has obtained letters of credit issued under the Agreement, aggregating million. The letters of credit were provided to mortgage lenders to secure the Company s obligations in relation to certain reserves and capital requirements per the respective loan agreements. The letters of credit issued under the Agreement have reduced the amount available under the facility commensurate with their face values but remain undrawn as of September 30, 2024 and no separate liability has been recorded in association with them. 
 As of September 30, 2024, there were no amounts drawn under the Agreement which had an available remaining balance of million, including undrawn letters of credit. Subsequent to the quarter, the Company used its line of credit to partially finance the acquisition of The Village at Waugh Chapel, located in Gambrills, MD, increasing the outstanding balance to million. 
 Financing costs associated with executing the Agreement of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, are included in the prepaid expenses and other assets line item of the consolidated balance sheets, as deferred financing costs, net. 
 19 

variable rate mortgage loans aggregating million, which were due to mature in the fourth quarter of 2024. The loans were secured by Hudson Commons, Greenbrook Commons, and Gun Hill Commons, and bearing interest at a rate of on the pay off date. In connection with the prepayment, the Company recognized a million loss on extinguishment of debt. 
 
 Yonkers Gateway Center 
 On March 28, 2024, the Company refinanced the mortgage secured by its property, Yonkers Gateway Center, with a new -year, million mortgage loan bearing interest at a fixed rate of . The proceeds from the new loan were used to pay off the previous mortgage on the property which had an outstanding balance of million. 
 
 Ledgewood Commons 
 On May 3, 2024, the Company obtained a , million mortgage loan secured by its property Ledgewood Commons, located in Roxbury Township, NJ. The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of . 
 
 Greenbrook Commons 
 On August 29, 2024, the Company obtained a , million mortgage loan secured by its property Greenbrook Commons, located in Watchung, NJ. The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of . 
 
 Briarcliff Commons 
 On September 13, 2024, the Company obtained a , million mortgage loan secured by its property Briarcliff Commons, located in Morris Plains, NJ. The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of . 
 
 Mortgage on Kingswood Center 
 In March 2023, an office tenant representing sf (approximately of the total gross leasable area) informed us that they intended to vacate in 2024, and a tenant representing sf terminated their lease early, effective April 17, 2023. As a result of these events, the Company notified the servicer that the projected cash flows generated by the property would be insufficient to cover debt service and that it was unwilling to fund the shortfalls. In May 2023, the loan was transferred to special servicing at the Company s request, and per the terms of the loan agreement, the Company began to accrue default interest at a rate of on the outstanding principal balance. On June 27, 2024, the foreclosure process was completed and the lender took possession of the property, eliminating the million mortgage liability secured by the property and resulting in a million gain on extinguishment of debt. 
 
 Mortgage on The Outlets at Montehiedra 
 In connection with the refinancing of the loan secured by The Outlets at Montehiedra in the second quarter of 2020, the Company provided a million limited corporate guarantee. The guarantee is reduced commensurate with the loan amortization schedule and will reduce to in approximately years. As of September 30, 2024, the remaining exposure under the guarantee is million. There was no separate liability recorded related to this guarantee. 
 
 Mortgage on The Village at Waugh Chapel 
 In connection with the acquisition of The Village at Waugh Chapel on October 29, 2024, the Company assumed a million fixed rate mortgage secured by the property with a below-market rate of and remaining term of approximately years. 

7. 
 
 20 

tax rate plus a graduated income surcharge tax for a maximum corporate income tax rate of . In addition, the REIT is subject to a branch profits tax on the earnings and profits generated from its allocable share of Puerto Rico operating activities and such tax is included in income tax expense on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
 For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Puerto Rico income tax expense was million and million, respectively, and million and million for the same periods in 2023. The REIT was not subject to any material state and local income tax expense or benefit for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the REIT was not subject to any material state and local income tax expense and recognized a million state and local income tax benefit in the second quarter of 2023, related to an income tax refund from a prior period. All amounts for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 are included in income tax expense on the consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 

8. 

Variable lease revenue (1) 
 Total rental revenue 
 (1) Percentage rents for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 were million and million, respectively, and million and million for the same periods in 2023. 

9. 
 interest rate cap and interest rate swap. We rely on third-party valuations that use market observable inputs, such as credit spreads, yield curves and discount rates, to assess the fair value of these instruments. In accordance with the fair value hierarchy established by ASC 820, these financial instruments have been classified as Level 2 as quoted market prices are not readily available for valuing the assets. 
 
 21 

(1) Included in Prepaid expenses and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Derivatives and Hedging 
 When we designate a derivative as a hedge, depending on the nature of the hedge, changes in the fair value of the instrument will be recognized in Other Comprehensive Income OCI until the gains or losses are reclassified to earnings. Derivatives that are not designated as hedges are adjusted to fair value through earnings. Cash flows from the derivative are included in the prepaid expenses and other assets, or accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities line item in the statement of cash flows, depending on whether the hedged item is recognized as an asset or a liability. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was a counterparty to interest rate derivative agreements which have been designated as cash flow hedges. 
 SOFR + 
 7/1/2025 Montclair interest rate swap SOFR + 
 8/15/2030 
 As of December 31, 2023 
 Hedged Instrument Fair Value Notional Amount Spread Interest Rate Effective Interest Rate Expiration Plaza at Woodbridge interest rate cap SOFR + 
 7/1/2025 Montclair interest rate swap SOFR + 
 8/15/2030 
 
 The table below summarizes the effect of our derivative instruments on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Unrealized (Loss) Gain Recognized in OCI on Derivatives (Amounts in thousands) Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, Hedged Instrument 2024 2023 2024 2023 Plaza at Woodbridge interest rate cap ) ) Montclair interest rate swap ) ) Total ) ) 
 
 Financial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 There were no financial assets or liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Financial Assets and Liabilities not Measured at Fair Value 
 Financial assets and liabilities that are not measured at fair value on the consolidated balance sheets include cash and cash equivalents and mortgages payable. Cash and cash equivalents are carried at cost, which approximates fair value. The fair value of mortgages payable is calculated based on current market prices and discounted cash flows at the current rate at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings for the remaining term of such debt, which is provided by a third-party specialist. The fair value of cash and cash equivalents is classified as Level 1 and the fair value of mortgages payable is classified as Level 2. 
 Unsecured credit facility 
 22 

million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Nonfinancial Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Non-Recurring Basis 
 We assess the carrying value of our properties for impairment when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. Such events and changes include macroeconomic conditions, operating performance, and environmental and regulatory changes, which may result in property operational disruption and could indicate that the carrying amount may not be recoverable. 
 impairment charges were recognized during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2023, the Company recognized an impairment charge of million on our property, Kingswood Center. The property, an office and retail center comprising sf, was acquired in February 2020 and is located in Brooklyn, NY. In March of 2023, an office tenant representing sf informed us that they intended to vacate in 2024, and a tenant representing sf terminated their lease early, effective April 17, 2023. As a result of these events and the uncertainty of the office market, we determined that the undiscounted future cash flows and future terminal value were less than the carrying value of the property. On June 27, 2024, the property was foreclosed on and the Company no longer has possession. 
 The impairment charge of million was calculated as the difference between the asset s individual carrying value and the estimated fair value of million less estimated selling costs, which was based on the discounted future cash flows and future terminal value. The discounted cash flows and terminal value utilized a discount rate of and capitalization rates of for retail and for office, which were corroborated by third-party valuations and market data. The impairment charge is recorded within the real estate impairment loss line item on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 
 The Company believes the inputs utilized to measure these fair values were reasonable in the context of applicable market conditions, however, due to the significance of the unobservable inputs in the overall fair value measures, including market conditions and expectations for growth, the Company determined that such fair value measurements are classified as Level 3. 

10. 
 
 active development, redevelopment or anchor repositioning projects with total estimated costs of million, of which million remains to be funded as of September 30, 2024. We continue to monitor the stabilization dates of these projects, which can be impacted from economic conditions affecting our tenants, vendors and supply chains. We have identified future projects in our development pipeline, but we are under no obligation to execute and fund any of these projects and each of these projects is being further evaluated based on market conditions. 
 
 Insurance 
 The Company maintains numerous insurance policies including for general liability, property, pollution, acts of terrorism, trustees and officers , cyber, workers compensation and automobile-related liabilities. However, all such policies are subject to terms, conditions, exclusions, deductibles and sub-limits, amongst other limiting factors. For example, the Company s terrorism insurance excludes coverage for nuclear, biological, chemical or radiological terrorism events as defined by the Terrorism Risk Insurance Program Reauthorization Act. 
 Insurance premiums are typically charged directly to each of the properties but not all of the cost of such premiums are recovered. The Company is responsible for deductibles, losses in excess of insurance coverage, and the portion of premiums not reimbursable by tenants at our properties, which could be material. 
 We continue to monitor the state of the insurance market and the scope and costs of available coverage. Certain insurance premiums have increased significantly and may continue to do so in the future. We cannot anticipate what coverage will be available on commercially reasonable terms and expect premiums across most coverage lines to continue to increase in light of recent events including hurricanes and flooding in our core markets. The incurrence of uninsured losses, costs or uncovered premiums could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations and consolidated financial position. 
 23 

million and million on our consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, for remediation costs for environmental contamination at certain properties. While this accrual reflects our best estimates of the potential costs of remediation at these properties, there can be no assurance that the actual costs will not exceed these amounts. Although we are not aware of any other material environmental contamination, there can be no assurance that the identification of new areas of contamination, changes in the extent or known scope of contamination, the discovery of additional sites, or changes in cleanup requirements would not result in significant costs to us. 
 
 Bankruptcies 
 Although our rental revenue is supported by long-term leases, leases may be rejected in a bankruptcy proceeding and the related tenant stores may permanently vacate prior to lease expiration. In the event a tenant with a significant number of leases or square footage in our shopping centers files for bankruptcy and rejects its leases with us, we could experience a reduction in our revenues. We monitor the operating performance and rent collections of all tenants in our shopping centers, especially those tenants in arrears or operating retail formats that are experiencing significant changes in competition, business practice, or store closings in other locations. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company had tenants file for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection: Big Lots, Red Lobster, Lumber Liquidators, Blink Fitness, Express, Sam Ash Music, and Sticky s Finger Joint. We have leases with Big Lots, leases with each of Red Lobster and Lumber Liquidators, and lease with each of Blink Fitness, Express, Sam Ash Music and Sticky s Finger Joint that were impacted by the bankruptcy filings. One of the Company s leases with Lumber Liquidators and its sole lease with Sam Ash Music were rejected in the bankruptcy proceedings and the tenants vacated in September 2024 and July 2024, respectively. The active leases total sf and generate million in annual rental revenue. Given the recent bankruptcy filings, it is uncertain whether these stores will continue to operate, close permanently, or whether they will be sold to other operators as part of the bankruptcy proceedings. 
 
 Letters of Credit 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had letters of credit issued under our revolving credit agreement aggregating million. These letters were provided to mortgage lenders to secure the Company s obligations for certain capital requirements per the respective mortgage agreements. If a lender were to draw on a letter of credit, the Company would have the option to pay the capital commitment directly to the lender or to record the draw as a liability on its unsecured line of credit, bearing interest at SOFR plus an applicable margin per the revolving credit agreement. As of September 30, 2024, the letters remain undrawn and there is no separate liability recorded in connection with their issuance. 

24 

11. 
 
 Other assets Deferred financing costs, net of accumulated amortization of and , respectively 
 Finance lease right-of-use asset Real estate held for sale Prepaid expenses: Real estate taxes Insurance Licenses/fees Total prepaid expenses and other assets 

12. 
 
 Deferred tenant revenue Accrued interest payable Security deposits Other liabilities and accrued expenses Finance lease liability Liabilities held for sale Accrued payroll expenses Total accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

13. 
 Amortization of deferred financing costs Total interest and debt expense 

14. 
 
 per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to million (the 
 25 

common shares at a weighted average gross price of per share under the ATM Program, generating net cash proceeds of million. In addition, we incurred million of offering expenses related to the issuance of these common shares. Actual future sales will depend on a variety of factors including, but not limited to, market conditions, the trading price of our common shares, and our capital needs. The Company has no obligation to sell any shares under the ATM Program. 
 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 The Company has a share repurchase program for up to million, under which the Company may repurchase its shares from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions in compliance with SEC Rule 10b-18. The amount and timing of the purchases will depend on a number of factors including the price and availability of the Company s shares, trading volume and general market conditions. The share repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, shares were repurchased by the Company. All share repurchases by the Company were completed between March and April of 2020, and aggregated million common shares at a weighted average share price of , for a total of million. As of September 30, 2024, there was approximately million remaining for share repurchases under this program. 
 
 Units of the Operating Partnership 
 The Operating Partnership s capital includes general and common limited partnership interests in the operating partnership. As of September 30, 2024, Urban Edge owned approximately of the outstanding common OP Units with the remaining limited OP Units held by members of management, Urban Edge s Board of Trustees and contributors of property interests acquired. Urban Edge serves as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. The third-party unitholders have limited rights over the Operating Partnership such that they do not have characteristics of a controlling financial interest. As such, the Operating Partnership is considered a VIE, and the Company is the primary beneficiary which consolidates it. The Company s only investment is the Operating Partnership. The VIE s assets can be used for purposes other than the settlement of the VIE s obligations and the Company s partnership interest is considered a majority voting interest. 
 
 Dividends and Distributions 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company declared distributions on common shares and OP Units of and per share/unit, respectively. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the Company declared distributions on common shares and OP Units of and per share/unit in the aggregate, respectively. 
 
 Noncontrolling Interests in Operating Partnership 
 Noncontrolling interests in the Operating Partnership reflected on the consolidated balance sheets of the Company are comprised of OP Units and limited partnership interests in the Operating Partnership in the form of LTIP Unit awards. LTIP Unit awards were granted to certain executives pursuant to the Company s 2024 Omnibus Share Plan, 2015 Omnibus Share Plan and 2018 Inducement Equity Plan. OP Units were issued to contributors in exchange for their property interests in connection with the Company s property acquisitions in 2017. 
 The total of the OP Units and LTIP Units represent a and weighted-average interest in the Operating Partnership for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. Holders of outstanding vested LTIP Units may, from and after from the date of issuance, redeem their LTIP Units for cash, or for the Company s common shares on a -for-one basis, solely at our election. Holders of outstanding OP Units may redeem their units for cash or the Company s common shares on a -for-one basis, solely at our election. 
 
 26 

interest held by others in our property in Walnut Creek, CA (Mount Diablo) and held by others in our property in Massapequa, NY. The net income attributable to noncontrolling interests is presented separately on our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income. 

15. 
 
 Performance-based LTIP expense (2) 
 Restricted share expense Deferred share unit DSU expense Stock option expense Total Share-based compensation expense 
 (1) Expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes the 2024, 2023, 2022, 2021, and 2020 LTI Plans. 
 (2) Expense for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 includes the 2024, 2023, 2022, 2021, 2020, and 2019 LTI Plans. 
 
 Equity award activity during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 included: (i) LTIP Units granted, (ii) LTIP Units vested, (iii) LTIP Units earned upon completion of the 2021 LTI Plan, (iv) restricted shares granted, (v) restricted shares vested, (vi) restricted shares forfeited, and (vii) LTIP Units forfeited. 
 
 2024 Long-Term Incentive Plan 
 On February 9, 2024, the Company established the 2024 Long-Term Incentive Plan 2024 LTI Plan under its 2015 Omnibus Share Plan. The plan is a multi-year, equity compensation program under which participants, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, receive awards in the form of LTIP Units that, with respect to one half of the program, vest based solely on the passage of time. With respect to the other half of the program, the awards are earned and vest if certain relative and absolute total shareholder return TSR and/or funds from operations FFO and same-property net operating income SP NOI growth targets are achieved by the Company over a performance period. The total grant date fair value under the 2024 LTI Plan was million, comprising both performance-based and time-based awards as described further below: 
 
 Performance-based awards 
 For the performance-based awards under the 2024 LTI Plan, participants have the opportunity to earn awards in the form of LTIP Units if Urban Edge s absolute and/or relative TSR meets certain criteria over the performance measurement period beginning on February 9, 2024 and ending on February 8, 2027. Participants also have the opportunity to earn awards in the form of LTIP Units if Urban Edge s FFO growth component and SP NOI growth component meets certain criteria over the performance measurement period beginning January 1, 2024 and ending on December 31, 2026. The Company granted performance-based awards under the 2024 LTI Plan representing units. The fair value of the performance-based award portion of the 2024 LTI Plan on the grant date was million using a Monte Carlo simulation to estimate the fair value of the Absolute and Relative components through a risk-neutral premise. Assumptions include historical volatility ), risk-free interest rates ), and historical daily return as compared to certain peer companies. 
 
 Time-based awards 
 The time-based awards granted under the 2024 LTI Plan, also granted in the form of LTIP Units, vest ratably over except in the case of our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, where the vesting is ratable over . As of September 30, 2024, the Company granted time-based awards under the 2024 LTI Plan that represent LTIP Units with a grant date fair value of million. 

27 

16. 
 
 Less: earnings allocated to unvested participating securities ) ) ) ) Net income available for common shareholders - basic Impact of assumed conversions: OP and LTIP Units Net income available for common shareholders - dilutive Denominator: Weighted average common shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive securities (1) : 
 Stock options using the treasury stock method Restricted share awards Assumed conversion of OP and LTIP Units Weighted average common shares outstanding - diluted Earnings per share available to common shareholders: Earnings per common share - Basic Earnings per common share - Diluted 
 (1) For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, the effect of the redemption of certain OP and LTIP Units for Urban Edge common shares would have an anti-dilutive effect on the calculation of diluted EPS. Accordingly, the impact of such redemption has not been included in the determination of diluted EPS for these periods. 

28 

Less: net income attributable to participating securities ) ) ) ) Net income available for unitholders Denominator: Weighted average units outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive securities issued by Urban Edge Unvested LTIP Units Weighted average units outstanding - diluted Earnings per unit available to unitholders: Earnings per unit - Basic Earnings per unit - Diluted 
 
 29 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Certain statements contained herein constitute forward-looking statements as such term is defined in Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance. They represent our intentions, plans, expectations and beliefs and are subject to numerous assumptions, risks and uncertainties. Our future results, financial condition, business and targeted occupancy may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. You can identify many of these statements by words such as approximates, believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, plans, would, may or other similar expressions in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Many of the factors that will determine the outcome of forward-looking statements are beyond our ability to control or predict and include, among others: (i) macroeconomic conditions, including geopolitical conditions and instability, which may lead to rising inflation and disruption of, or lack of access to, the capital markets, as well as potential volatility in the Company s share price; (ii) the economic, political and social impact of, and uncertainty relating to, epidemics and pandemics; (iii) the loss or bankruptcy of major tenants; (iv) the ability and willingness of the Company s tenants to renew their leases with the Company upon expiration and the Company s ability to re-lease its properties on the same or better terms, or at all, in the event of non-renewal or in the event the Company exercises its right to replace an existing tenant; (v) the impact of e-commerce on our tenants business; (vi) the Company s success in implementing its business strategy and its ability to identify, underwrite, finance, consummate and integrate diversifying acquisitions and investments; (vii) changes in general economic conditions or economic conditions in the markets in which the Company competes, and their effect on the Company s revenues, earnings and funding sources, and on those of its tenants; (viii) increases in the Company s borrowing costs as a result of changes in interest rates, rising inflation, and other factors; (ix) the Company s ability to pay down, refinance, hedge, restructure or extend its indebtedness as it becomes due and potential limitations on the Company s ability to borrow funds under its existing credit facility as a result of covenants relating to the Company s financial results; (x) potentially higher costs associated with the Company s development, redevelopment and anchor repositioning projects, and the Company s ability to lease the properties at projected rates; (xi) the Company s liability for environmental matters; (xii) damage to the Company s properties from catastrophic weather and other natural events, and the physical effects of climate change; (xiii) the Company s ability and willingness to maintain its qualification as a REIT in light of economic, market, legal, tax and other considerations; (xiv) information technology security breaches; (xv) the loss of key executives; and (xvi) the accuracy of methodologies and estimates regarding our environmental, social and governance ESG metrics, goals and targets, tenant willingness and ability to collaborate towards reporting ESG metrics and meeting ESG goals and targets, and the impact of governmental regulation on our ESG efforts. For further discussion of factors that could materially affect the outcome of our forward-looking statements, see Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A, of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 and the other documents filed by the Company with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), including the information contained in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 We claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 for any forward-looking statements included in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. You are cautioned not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. All subsequent written and oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or any person acting on our behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained or referred to in this section. We do not undertake any obligation to release publicly any revisions to our forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 The following discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Overview 
 Urban Edge Properties UE , Urban Edge or the Company (NYSE: UE) is a Maryland real estate investment trust that owns, manages, acquires, develops, and redevelops retail real estate, primarily in the Washington, D.C. to Boston corridor. Urban Edge Properties LP UELP or the Operating Partnership is a Delaware limited partnership formed to serve as UE s majority-owned partnership subsidiary and to own, through affiliates, all of the Company s real estate properties and other assets. Unless the context otherwise requires, references to we , us and our refer to Urban Edge Properties and UELP and their consolidated entities/subsidiaries. 
 The Operating Partnership s capital includes general and common limited partnership interests OP Units ). As of September 30, 2024, Urban Edge owned approximately 94.8 of the outstanding common OP Units with the remaining limited OP Units held by members of management and the Board of Trustees, and contributors of property interests acquired. Urban Edge serves as the sole general partner of the Operating Partnership. 
 30 

As of September 30, 2024, our portfolio consisted of 71 shopping centers, two outlet centers and two malls totaling approximately 17.2 million square feet. 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 contains a description of our critical accounting estimates, including valuing acquired assets and liabilities and impairments. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no material changes to these estimates. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 Refer to Note 3 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information regarding recent accounting pronouncements that may affect us. 
 Results of Operations 
 We derive substantially all of our revenue from rents received from tenants under existing leases on each of our properties. This revenue includes fixed base rents, recoveries of expenses that we have incurred and that we pass through to the individual tenants and percentage rents that are based on specified percentages of tenants revenue, in each case as provided in the respective leases. 
 Our primary cash expenditures consist of property operating and capital costs, general and administrative expenses, and interest and debt expense. Property operating expenses include: real estate taxes, repairs and maintenance, management expenses, insurance and utilities; general and administrative expenses include: payroll, professional fees, information technology, office expenses and other administrative expenses; and interest and debt expense primarily consists of interest on our mortgage debt and line of credit. In addition, we incur substantial non-cash charges for depreciation and amortization on our properties. We also capitalize certain expenses, such as taxes, interest and salaries related to properties under development or redevelopment until the property is ready for its intended use. 
 Our consolidated results of operations often are not comparable from period to period due to the impact of property acquisitions, dispositions, developments, redevelopments and changes in accounting policies. The results of operations of any acquired properties are included in our financial statements as of the date of acquisition. Our results of operations are affected by national, regional and local economic conditions, as well as macroeconomic conditions, which are at times subject to volatility and uncertainty. In recent years, inflation levels were elevated resulting in increased costs for certain goods and services. Most of our leases require tenants to pay their share of operating expenses, including common area maintenance, real estate taxes and insurance, thereby reducing our exposure to increases in costs and operating expenses resulting from inflation, although some larger tenants have capped the amount of these operating expenses they are responsible for under their lease. 
 In response to the rising rate of inflation, the Federal Reserve raised benchmark interest rates several times between 2022 and 2023, resulting in an increase in the cost of borrowing. In September 2024, the Federal Reserve cut rates by 50 basis points, driven in part by positive economic reports and a decrease in inflation levels. Interest rates still remain at elevated levels compared to the years preceding 2021, and could remain at this level in the near-term and long-term. We occasionally utilize interest rate derivative agreements to hedge the effect of rising interest rates on our variable rate debt. As of September 30, 2024, all of our outstanding mortgage debt is fixed rate or hedged with interest rate derivative agreements. Our only variable rate exposure is related to our line of credit, which has no outstanding balance as of September 30, 2024 and is indexed to SOFR, plus an applicable margin per the revolving credit agreement. As of September 30, 2024, we were counterparty to one interest rate swap agreement and one interest rate cap agreement, both of which qualify for, and are designated as, hedging instruments. We are actively managing our business to respond to the economic and social impact from events such as those described above. See Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A, of the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 The following provides an overview of our key financial metrics, including non-GAAP measures, based on our consolidated results of operations (refer to Net Operating Income NOI ), same-property NOI and Funds From Operations FFO applicable to diluted common shareholders described later in this section): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Amounts in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 9,467 37,540 43,936 27,957 FFO applicable to diluted common shareholders (1) 
 43,935 64,242 141,382 138,762 NOI (1) 
 69,498 63,360 202,892 186,043 Same-property NOI (1) 
 54,354 51,873 161,459 155,882 
 (1) Refer to pages 35-36 for a reconciliation to the most directly comparable generally accepted accounting principles GAAP measure. 
 
 31 

Comparison of the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 9.5 million, compared to net income of 37.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The following table summarizes certain line items from our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income that we believe are important in understanding our operations and/or those items that significantly changed in the three months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, (Amounts in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Total revenue 112,427 101,834 10,593 Depreciation and amortization 34,653 26,922 7,731 Real estate taxes 17,667 16,182 1,485 Property operating expenses 18,422 16,618 1,804 General and administrative expenses 9,415 8,938 477 Interest and debt expense 19,531 19,006 525 Gain on extinguishment of debt, net 43,029 (43,029) Income tax expense 518 17,063 (16,545) 
 Total revenue increased by 10.6 million to 112.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 101.8 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase is primarily attributable to: 
 5.9 million increase as a result of property acquisitions, net of dispositions; 
 4.3 million increase in property rentals and tenant reimbursements due to rent commencements and contractual rent increases; 
 0.6 million increase in lease termination income and other income; and 
 0.3 million increase in non-cash revenues driven by accelerated amortization of below-market lease intangibles in the third quarter of 2024; offset by 
 0.3 million increase in rental revenue deemed uncollectible; and 
 0.2 million decrease in percentage rent. 
 Depreciation and amortization increased by 7.7 million to 34.7 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 26.9 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase is primarily attributable to the impact of property acquisitions, net of dispositions. 
 Real estate tax expense increased by 1.5 million to 17.7 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 16.2 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase is primarily attributable to: 
 1.4 million increase as a result of property acquisitions, net of dispositions; and 
 0.1 million decrease in capitalized real estate taxes due to the completion of development, redevelopment, and anchor repositioning projects, offset by project commencements. 
 Property operating expenses increased by 1.8 million to 18.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 16.6 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase is primarily attributable to: 
 1.1 million higher expenses incurred for increased insurance premiums and higher common area maintenance expenses across the portfolio as compared to the third quarter of 2023; and 
 0.7 million increase as a result of property acquisitions, net of dispositions. 
 General and administrative expenses increased by 0.5 million to 9.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 8.9 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase is primarily attributable to higher employment expenses. 
 Interest and debt expense increased by 0.5 million to 19.5 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 19.0 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase is primarily attributable to: 
 1.0 million increase due to outstanding borrowings under our line of credit to finance the acquisition of two properties in the fourth quarter of 2023; 
 0.4 million increase as a result of new financings and refinancings since the third quarter of 2023, net of loan repayments; 
 0.4 million decrease in capitalized interest expense due to the completion of development, redevelopment, and anchor repositioning projects, offset by project commencements; and 
 0.3 million increase in amortization of deferred financing costs for loan refinancings; offset by 
 1.6 million decrease in interest expense due to the mortgage debt forgiven in connection with the foreclosure of Kingswood Center. 
 32 

In the third quarter of 2023, we recognized a 43.0 million gain on extinguishment of debt as a result of the refinancing of the mortgage loan secured by Shops at Caguas. 
 Income tax expense decreased by 16.5 million to 0.5 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 17.1 million in the third quarter of 2023. The decrease is primarily attributable to the income tax impact of the Shops at Caguas loan refinancing in August 2023. 

Comparison of the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 to the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 43.9 million, compared to net income of 28.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The following table summarizes certain line items from our consolidated statements of income and comprehensive income that we believe are important in understanding our operations and/or those items that significantly changed in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 as compared to the same period in 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (Amounts in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Total revenue 328,599 300,340 28,259 Depreciation and amortization 112,906 77,519 35,387 Real estate taxes 52,142 47,980 4,162 Property operating expenses 57,188 49,752 7,436 Real estate impairment loss 34,055 (34,055) Gain on sale of real estate 15,349 356 14,993 Interest and debt expense 62,004 52,430 9,574 Gain on extinguishment of debt, net 21,427 42,540 (21,113) Income tax expense 1,722 17,810 (16,088) 
 Total revenue increased by 28.3 million to 328.6 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 300.3 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily attributable to: 
 16.7 million increase as a result of property acquisitions, net of dispositions; 
 11.4 million increase in property rentals and tenant reimbursements due to rent commencements and contractual rent increases; 
 1.4 million decrease in rental revenue deemed uncollectible; and 
 0.4 million increase in lease termination income; offset by 
 1.6 million decrease in non-cash revenues driven by accelerated amortization of above-market lease intangibles in the second quarter of 2024 related to a tenant termination. 
 Depreciation and amortization increased by 35.4 million to 112.9 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 77.5 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily attributable to: 
 22.5 million increase as a result of property acquisitions, net of dispositions; and 
 12.9 million increase due to assets placed in service for completion of redevelopment projects since the first nine months of 2023. 
 Real estate taxes increased by 4.2 million to 52.1 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 48.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily attributable to: 
 4.0 million increase as a result of property acquisitions, net of dispositions; and 
 0.2 million decrease in capitalized real estate taxes due to the completion of development, redevelopment, and anchor repositioning projects, offset by project commencements. 
 Property operating expenses increased by 7.4 million to 57.2 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 49.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily attributable to: 
 5.2 million higher expenses incurred for increased insurance premiums, snow removal, and higher common area maintenance expenses across the portfolio as compared to the first nine months of 2023; and 
 2.2 million increase as a result of property acquisitions, net of dispositions. 
 We recognized a real estate impairment loss of 34.1 million in the first quarter of 2023, reducing the carrying value of an office and retail property located in Brooklyn, NY. 
 We recognized a 15.3 million gain on sale of real estate during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily related to the sale of two properties. In the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a gain on sale of real estate of 0.4 million related to the release of escrow funds from a property disposed of in a prior period. 
 33 

Interest and debt expense increased by 9.6 million to 62.0 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 52.4 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily attributable to: 
 6.3 million increase due to outstanding borrowings under our line of credit to finance the acquisition of two properties in the fourth quarter of 2023; 
 2.8 million increase due to new financings and refinancings since the third quarter of 2023, net of loan repayments; 
 0.7 million decrease in capitalized interest expense due to the completion of development, redevelopment, and anchor repositioning projects, offset by project commencements; and 
 0.6 million increase in amortization of deferred financing costs; offset by 
 0.8 million decrease in interest expense due to the mortgage debt forgiven in connection with the foreclosure of Kingswood Center. 
 We recognized a 21.7 million gain on extinguishment of debt for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 attributable to the foreclosure settlement of Kingswood Center, partially offset by a 0.3 million loss on extinguishment of debt as a result of the early pay off of three variable rate mortgage loans in January 2024. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we recognized a 42.5 million gain on extinguishment of debt attributable to the refinancing of the Shops at Caguas loan in August 2023, partially offset by a 0.5 million loss on extinguishment of debt recognized in the second quarter of 2023 related to the early pay off of the mortgage loan secured by the Plaza at Cherry Hill. 
 Income tax expense decreased by 16.1 million to 1.7 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 17.8 million in the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is primarily attributable to the income tax impact of the Shops at Caguas loan refinancing in August 2023. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 We use NOI internally to make investment and capital allocation decisions and to compare the unlevered performance of our properties to our peers. Further, we believe NOI is useful to investors as a performance measure because, when compared across periods, NOI reflects the impact on operations from trends in occupancy rates, rental rates, operating costs and acquisition and disposition activity on an unleveraged basis, providing perspective not immediately apparent from net income. The most directly comparable GAAP financial measure to NOI is net income. NOI excludes certain components from net income in order to provide results that are more closely related to a property s results of operations. We calculate NOI by adjusting net income to add back depreciation and amortization expense, general and administrative expenses, casualty and real estate impairment losses, interest and debt expense, income tax expense and non-cash lease expense, and deduct management and development fee income from non-owned properties, gains on sale of real estate, interest income, non-cash rental income resulting from the straight-lining of rents and amortization of acquired below market leases net of above market leases. NOI should not be considered a substitute for net income and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by others. 
 We calculate same-property NOI using net income as defined by GAAP reflecting only those income and expense items that are reflected in NOI (as described above) and excluding properties that were under development, redevelopment or that involve anchor repositioning where a substantial portion of the gross leasable area is taken out of service, and also excluding properties acquired, sold, or that are in the foreclosure process during the periods being compared. We also exclude for the following items in calculating same-property NOI: lease termination fees, bankruptcy settlement income, and income and expenses that we do not believe are representative of ongoing operating results, if any. As such, same-property NOI assists in eliminating disparities in net income due to the development, redevelopment, acquisition, disposition or foreclosure of properties during the periods presented, and thus provides a more consistent performance measure for the comparison of the operating performance of the Company s properties, which the Company believes to be useful to investors. Same-property NOI should not be considered a substitute for net income and may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by others. 
 Throughout this section, we have provided certain information on a same-property basis which includes the results of operations that were owned and operated for the entirety of the reporting periods being compared, totaling 65 properties for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. Information provided on a same-property basis excludes properties that were under development, redevelopment or that involve anchor repositioning where a substantial portion of the gross leasable area is taken out of service and also excludes properties acquired, sold, or that are in the foreclosure process during the periods being compared. While there is judgment surrounding changes in designations, a property is removed from the same-property pool when a property is considered to be a redevelopment property because it is undergoing significant renovation or retenanting pursuant to a formal plan and is expected to have a significant impact on property operating income based on the retenanting that is occurring. A development or redevelopment property is moved back to the same-property pool once a substantial portion of the NOI growth expected from the development or redevelopment is reflected in both the current and comparable prior year period, generally one year after at least 80 of the expected NOI from the project is realized on a cash basis. Acquisitions are moved into the same-property pool once we have owned the property for the entirety of the comparable periods and the property is not under significant development or redevelopment. 
 34 

Same-property NOI increased by 2.5 million, or 4.8 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 and increased by 5.6 million, or 3.6 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Same-property NOI, including properties in redevelopment, increased by 2.9 million, or 5.1 , for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023 and increased by 7.4 million, or 4.4 , for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The following table reconciles net income to NOI and same-property NOI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Amounts in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 9,467 37,540 43,936 27,957 Other expense 226 208 473 678 Depreciation and amortization 34,653 26,922 112,906 77,519 General and administrative expense 9,415 8,938 27,829 27,903 Gain on sale of real estate (15,349) (356) Interest income (679) (565) (2,028) (1,640) Interest and debt expense 19,531 19,006 62,004 52,430 Gain on extinguishment of debt, net (43,029) (21,427) (42,540) Income tax expense 518 17,063 1,722 17,810 Real estate impairment loss 34,055 Non-cash revenue and expenses (3,633) (2,723) (7,174) (7,773) NOI 69,498 63,360 202,892 186,043 Adjustments: Non-same property NOI and other (1) 
 (14,276) (10,958) (41,512) (30,843) Sunrise Mall net operating loss 687 458 1,681 1,926 Tenant bankruptcy settlement income and lease termination income (1,555) (987) (1,602) (1,244) Same-property NOI 54,354 51,873 161,459 155,882 NOI related to properties being redeveloped 5,927 5,497 16,987 15,115 Same-property NOI including properties in redevelopment 60,281 57,370 178,446 170,997 
 (1) Non-same property NOI includes NOI related to properties being redeveloped and properties acquired, disposed, or that are in the foreclosure process in the periods being compared. 

35 

Funds From Operations 
 FFO applicable to diluted common shareholders was 43.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 64.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023, and 141.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 138.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 We calculate FFO in accordance with the National Association of Real Estate Investment Trusts Nareit definition. Nareit defines FFO as net income (computed in accordance with GAAP), excluding gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable real estate and land when connected to the main business of a REIT, impairments on depreciable real estate or land related to a REIT's main business, earnings from consolidated partially owned entities, and rental property depreciation and amortization expense. We believe FFO is a meaningful non-GAAP financial measure useful in comparing our levered operating performance from period to period both internally and among our peers because this non-GAAP measure excludes net gains on sales of depreciable real estate, real estate impairment losses, rental property depreciation and amortization expense which implicitly assumes that the value of real estate diminishes predictably over time rather than fluctuating based on market conditions. We believe the presentation of comparable period operating results generated from FFO provides useful information to investors because the definition excludes items included in net income that do not relate to, or are not, indicative of our operating and financial performance, such as depreciation and amortization related to real estate, and items which can make periodic and peer analyses of operating and financial performance more difficult, such as gains (or losses) from sales of depreciable real estate and land when connected to the main business of a REIT and impairments on depreciable real estate or land related to a REIT's main business. FFO does not represent cash flows from operating activities in accordance with GAAP, should not be considered an alternative to net income as an indication of our performance, and is not indicative of cash flow as a measure of liquidity or our ability to make cash distributions. FFO may not be comparable to similarly titled measures employed by others. 
 
 The following table reflects the reconciliation of net income to FFO for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, (Amounts in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income 9,467 37,540 43,936 27,957 Less net (income) loss attributable to noncontrolling interests in: Operating partnership (550) (1,555) (2,407) (1,211) Consolidated subsidiaries 163 133 913 516 Net income attributable to common shareholders 9,080 36,118 42,442 27,262 Adjustments: Rental property depreciation and amortization 34,305 26,569 111,882 76,590 Limited partnership interests in operating partnership (1) 
 550 1,555 2,407 1,211 Gain on sale of real estate (2) 
 (15,349) (356) Real estate impairment loss (3) 
 34,055 FFO applicable to diluted common shareholders 43,935 64,242 141,382 138,762 
 (1) Represents earnings allocated to LTIP and OP unitholders for unissued common shares, which have been included for purposes of calculating earnings per diluted share for the periods presented because they are dilutive. 
 (2) The gain on sale of real estate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 relates to the release of escrow funds from a property disposed of in a prior period. 
 (3) During the first quarter of 2023, the Company recognized a non-cash impairment charge reducing the carrying value of Kingswood Center, an office and retail property located in Brooklyn, NY. 
 36 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Due to the nature of our business, the cash generated from operations is primarily paid to our shareholders and unitholders of the Operating Partnership in the form of distributions. Our status as a REIT requires that we generally distribute at least 90 of our REIT s ordinary taxable income each year. Our Board of Trustees declared a quarterly dividend of 0.17 per common share and OP Unit for the first three quarters of 2024, or an annual rate of 0.68. Historically, we have paid regular cash dividends; however, the timing, declaration, amount and payment of distributions to shareholders and unitholders of the Operating Partnership fall within the discretion of our Board of Trustees. Our Board of Trustees decisions regarding the payment of dividends depend on many factors, such as maintaining our REIT status, our financial condition, earnings, capital requirements, debt service obligations, limitations under our financing arrangements, industry practice, legal requirements, regulatory constraints, and other factors. 
 Property rental income is our primary source of cash flow and is dependent on a number of factors, including our occupancy level and rental rates, as well as our tenants ability to pay rent. Our properties have historically prov ided us with a relatively consistent stream of cash flow that enables us to pay operating expenses, debt service and recurring capital expenditures. Other sources of liquidity to fund cash requirements include proceeds from financings, equity offerings and asset sales. 
 We have an 800 million revolving credit agreement (the Agreement with certain financial institutions which has a maturity date of February 9, 2027 and includes two six-month extension options. The Company obtained five letters of credit issued under the Agreement, aggregating 30.1 million, and provided them to mortgage lenders to secure its obligations for certain capital requirements per the respective mortgage agreements. The letters of credit issued under the Agreement have reduced the amount available under the facility commensurate with their face values but remain undrawn. As of September 30, 2024 there were no amounts drawn under the Agreement which had an available remaining balance of 769.9 million under the facility. See Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information regarding the Agreement. 
 In August 2022, the Company entered into an equity distribution agreement with various financial institutions acting as agents, forward sellers, and forward purchasers (the Equity Distribution Agreement ). Pursuant to the Equity Distribution Agreement, the Company may from time to time offer and sell, through the agents and forward sellers, the Company s common shares, par value 0.01 per share, having an aggregate offering price of up to 250 million (the ATM Program ). During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued 7,097,124 common shares at a weighted average gross price of 18.71 per share under the ATM Program, generating cash proceeds of 131.1 million, net of commissions paid to distribution agents. See Note 14 , Equity and Noncontrolling Interest in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information regarding the ATM Program. 
 Our short-term cash requirements consist of normal recurring operating expenses, lease obligations, regular debt service requirements, general and administrative expenses, expenditures related to leasing activity and distributions to shareholders and unitholders of the Operating Partnership. Our long-term capital requirements consist primarily of maturities under our long-term debt agreements, development and redevelopment costs and potential acquisitions. We have approximately 47 million of debt maturing within the next 12 months related to a mortgage loan encumbering one of our properties. 
 At September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, of 89.6 million and approximately 769.9 million available under the Agreement . The available balance under the Agreement and cash on hand are readily available to fund the debt obligations discussed above which are coming due within the next year. 
 
 Summary of Cash Flows 
 Cash and cash equivalents, including restricted cash, was 89.6 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 174.2 million at December 31, 2023 and 77.9 million at September 30, 2023, a decrease of 84.6 million and an increase 11.7 million, respectively. Our cash flow activities are summarized as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (Amounts in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Net cash provided by operating activities 100,738 102,852 (2,114) Net cash used in investing activities (146,344) (86,475) (59,869) Net cash used in financing activities (38,998) (67,227) 28,229 

37 

Operating Activities 
 Net cash flow provided by operating activities primarily consists of cash inflows from rental revenue and cash outflows for property operating expenses, general and administrative expenses and interest and debt expense. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities of 100.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 2.1 million from 102.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is due to the timing of cash receipts and payments related to tenant collections and operating expenses. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash flow used in investing activities is impacted by the timing and extent of our real estate development, capital improvements, and acquisition and disposition activities during the period. 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 146.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased by 59.9 million compared to net cash used in investing activities of 86.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The increase is primarily due to (i) 113.5 million increase in cash used for the acquisition of real estate, offset by (ii) 34.8 million increase in cash provided by the sale of properties, and (iii) 18.8 million decrease in cash used for real estate development and capital improvements. 
 The Company had 22 active development, redevelopment or anchor repositioning projects with total estimated costs of 159.2 million, of which 64.0 million had been incurred and 95.2 million remained to be funded as of September 30, 2024. 
 The following summarizes capital expenditures presented on a cash basis for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, (Amounts in thousands) 2024 2023 Capital expenditures: Development and redevelopment costs 44,664 63,860 Capital improvements 16,839 17,230 Tenant improvements and allowances 4,147 3,464 Total capital expenditures 65,650 84,554 
 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash flow used in financing activities is impacted by the timing and extent of issuances of debt and equity securities, distributions paid to common shareholders and unitholders of the Operating Partnership, as well as principal and other payments associated with our outstanding indebtedness. 
 Net cash used in financing activities of 39.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 decreased by 28.2 million from cash used in financing activities of 67.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease is primarily due to (i) 129.6 million increase in cash for proceeds from the issuance of common shares under the ATM program, (ii) 106.9 million decrease in cash used for debt repayments, (iii) 60.0 million increase in borrowings under the credit facility, and (iv) 3.3 million decrease in debt issuance costs driven by the refinancing of the mortgage loan on the Outlets at Bergen Town Center in the second quarter of 2023, offset by (v) 265.0 million decrease in mortgage proceeds, (vi) 6.2 million increase in distributions to shareholders and unitholders of the Operating Partnership, (vii) 0.3 million decrease in cash contributed by noncontrolling interests, and (viii) 0.1 million increase in tax withholdings on vested restricted stock. 
 On September 13, 2024, the Company obtained a 10-year, 30 million mortgage loan secured by its property Briarcliff Commons, located in Morris Plains, NJ. The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of 5.47 . 
 On August 29, 2024, the Company obtained a 5-year, 31 million mortgage loan secured by its property Greenbrook Commons, located in Watchung, NJ. The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of 6.03 . 
 On May 3, 2024, the Company obtained a 5-year, 50 million mortgage loan secured by its property Ledgewood Commons, located in Roxbury Township, NJ. The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of 6.03 . 
 On March 28, 2024, the Company refinanced the mortgage secured by its property, Yonkers Gateway Center, with a new 5-year, 50 million mortgage loan bearing interest at a fixed rate of 6.30 . The proceeds from the new loan were used to pay off the previous mortgage on the property which had an outstanding balance of 22.7 million. 
 38 

On January 2, 2024, the Company repaid three variable rate loans aggregating 75.7 million with interest rates of 7.34 on the pay off date. The loans were secured by Hudson Commons, Greenbrook Commons and Gun Hill Commons and were due to mature in the fourth quarter of 2024. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued 7,097,124 common shares at a weighted average gross price of 18.71 per share under the ATM Program, generating cash proceeds of 131.1 million, net of commissions paid to distribution agents. See Note 14 , Equity and Noncontrolling Interest in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for more information regarding the ATM Program. 
 
 Contractual Obligations 
 We have contractual obligations related to our mortgage loans and line of credit that are both fixed and variable. As of September 30, 2024, our variable rate loans bear interest at a floating rate based on SOFR plus an applicable margin of 1.03 to 2.26 . 
 In connection with reference rate reform and the discontinuation of LIBOR, all of our LIBOR-indexed debt has been transitioned to SOFR effective July 2023. The discontinuation of LIBOR did not have an impact on our ability to borrow or maintain already outstanding borrowings. Further information on our mortgage loans can be found in Note 6 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. In addition, we have contractual obligations for certain properties that are subject to long-term ground and building leases where a third party owns and has leased the underlying land to us. We also have non-cancelable operating leases pertaining to office space from which we conduct our business. 
 Additional contractual obligations that are not considered to be long-term, fixed in amount or easily determinable include: 
 Obligations related to construction and development contracts. Such contracts or obligations will generally be due over the next two years; 
 Obligations related to maintenance contracts, which can typically be canceled upon 30 to 60 days notice without penalty; 
 Obligations related to employment contracts with certain executive officers and subject to cancellation by either the Company or the executive without cause upon notice; and 
 Recorded debt premiums or discounts. 
 We believe that cash flows from our current operations, cash on hand, the line of credit under the Agreement, the potential to refinance our loans and our general ability to access the capital markets will be sufficient to finance our operations and fund our obligations in both the short-term and long-term. 

39 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 We have exposure to fluctuations in interest rates, which are sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control. The following table discusses our exposure to hypothetical changes in market rates of interest on interest expense for our variable rate debt and fixed-rate debt. This analysis does not take into account all of the factors that may affect our debt, such as the effect that a changing interest rate environment could have on the overall level of economic activity or the action that our management might take to reduce our exposure to the change. This analysis assumes no change in our financial structure. As of September 30, 2024, our variable rate debt outstanding had rates indexed to SOFR. 
 2024 2023 (Amounts in thousands) September 30, Balance 
 Weighted Average Interest Rate Effect of 1 Change in Base Rates December 31, Balance Weighted Average Interest Rate Variable rate debt 51,253 5.26 (3) 
 280,969 6.53 Fixed rate debt 1,477,794 (4) 
 5.03 (2) 
 1,462,766 4.88 1,529,047 (1) 
 1,743,735 (1) 
 
 (1) Excludes unamortized debt issuance costs of 13.7 million and 12.6 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Debt issuance costs related to our unsecured credit facility are included within prepaid expenses and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) If the weighted average interest rate of our fixed rate debt increased by 1 (i.e. due to refinancing at higher rates), annualized interest expense would have increased by approximately 14.7 million based on outstanding balances as of September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Excludes the impact of a 1 increase on our 51.3 million variable rate mortgage on Plaza at Woodbridge as the loan is hedged with an interest rate cap to limit the maximum SOFR to 3.0 . See Note 9 to the consolidated financial statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for further information on the Plaza at Woodbridge interest rate cap. 
 (4) Fixed rate debt excludes a 44.4 million mortgage, net of debt issuance costs, that is classified as held for sale and is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 We may utilize various financial instruments to mitigate the impact of interest rate fluctuations on our cash flows and earnings, including hedging strategies, depending on our analysis of the interest rate environment and the costs and risks of such strategies. We do not enter into any financial instrument agreements, such as derivative agreements, for speculation or trading purposes. As of September 30, 2024, the Company was a counterparty to two interest rate derivative agreements which have been designated as cash flow hedges. These derivative instruments are assessed quarterly and as of September 30, 2024, both meet the criteria of an effective hedge. 
 
 Fair Value of Debt 
 The estimated fair value of our consolidated debt is calculated based on current market prices and discounted cash flows at the current rate at which similar loans would be made to borrowers with similar credit ratings for the remaining term of such debt. As of September 30, 2024, the estimated fair value of our consolidated debt was 1.5 billion. 
 
 Other Market Risks 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had no material exposure to any other market risks (including foreign currency exchange risk or commodity price risk). 
 In making this determination and for purposes of the SEC s market risk disclosure requirements, we have estimated the fair value of our financial instruments at September 30, 2024 based on pertinent information available to management as of that date. Although management is not aware of any factors that would significantly affect the estimated amounts as of September 30, 2024, future estimates of fair value and the amounts which may be paid or realized in the future may differ significantly from amounts presented. 
 40 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures (Urban Edge Properties) 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Because of inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)) that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures (Urban Edge Properties LP) 
 The Operating Partnership s management maintains disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to provide reasonable assurance that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our general partner, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosures. Because of inherent limitations, disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, and not absolute, assurance that the objectives of disclosure controls and procedures are met. 
 The Operating Partnership s management, with the participation of the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our general partner, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of our general partner concluded that, as of the end of the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures are effective. 
 There have not been any changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f)) that occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are party to various legal actions that arise in the ordinary course of business. In our opinion, after consultation with legal counsel, the outcome of such matters is not expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Except to the extent additional factual information disclosed elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q relates to such risk factors (including, without limitation, the matters discussed in Part I, Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations ), there were no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 filed with the SEC on February 14, 2024. 
 41 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Urban Edge Properties 
 (a) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities: Not applicable. 
 (b) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Registered Securities: Not applicable. 
 (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities: 
 
 Period (a) Total Number of Shares Purchased (b) Average Price Paid per Share (c) Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs (d) 
 Maximum Number (or Approximate Dollar Value) of Shares that May Yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs (1) 
 July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 145,900,000 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 145,900,000 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 145,900,000 Total 
 (1) In March 2020, the Board of Trustees authorized a share repurchase program for up to 200 million of the Company s common shares. Under the program, the Company may repurchase its shares from time to time in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions in compliance with SEC Rule 10b-18. The share repurchase program does not obligate the Company to acquire any particular amount of common shares and may be suspended or discontinued at any time at the Company s discretion. 

Urban Edge Properties LP 
 (a) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities: Each time the Company issues common shares (other than in exchange for common units of the Operating Partnership when such common units are presented for redemption), it contributes the proceeds of such issuance to the Operating Partnership in return for an equivalent number of partnership units with rights and preferences analogous to the shares issued. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, in connection with shares issued under the ATM Program, the Operating Partnership issued an aggregate of 4,406,826 common units to the Company in exchange for approximately 84.8 million, the aggregate proceeds of such issuance of common shares to the Company. Such units were issued in reliance on an exemption from registration under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 
 (b) Use of Proceeds from Sales of Registered Securities: Not applicable. 
 (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities: Not applicable. 

42 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 None. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of the Company s trustees or officers (as defined in Rule 16a-1(f) of the Exchange Act) a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as such terms are defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K). 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 The exhibits listed below are included in, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 
 
 The following exhibits are included as part of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q: 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 31.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer for Urban Edge Properties pursuant to rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer for Urban Edge Properties pursuant to rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.3 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer for Urban Edge Properties LP pursuant to rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.4 
 Certification by the Chief Financial Officer for Urban Edge Properties LP pursuant to rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for Urban Edge Properties pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 
 Certification by the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer for Urban Edge Properties LP pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 101.CAL Inline XBRL Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.LAB Inline XBRL Extension Labels Linkbase 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101. 
 Filed herewith 
 In accordance with Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K, this Exhibit is not deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act or otherwise subject to the liabilities of that section. Such certifications will not be deemed incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the registrant specifically incorporates it by reference. 
 43 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Exchange Act, the registrants have duly caused this report to be signed on their behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES (Registrant) /s/ Mark Langer Mark Langer, Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: October 30, 2024 
 URBAN EDGE PROPERTIES LP By: Urban Edge Properties, General Partner /s/ Mark Langer Mark Langer, Chief Financial Officer 
 Date: October 30, 2024 

44 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311certofceo-sox302.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Jeffrey S. Olson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Urban Edge Properties 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 October 30, 2024 s Jeffrey S. Olson Jeffrey S. Olson Chairman of the Board of Trustees and Chief Executive Officer of Urban Edge Properties 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312certofcfo-sox302.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Mark Langer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Urban Edge Properties 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 October 30, 2024 s Mark Langer Mark Langer Chief Financial Officer of Urban Edge Properties 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-31.3>
 4
 exhibit313certofceo-sox302.htm
 EX-31.3

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.3 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Jeffrey S. Olson, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Urban Edge Properties LP 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 October 30, 2024 s Jeffrey S. Olson Jeffrey S. Olson Chairman of the Board of Trustees and Chief Executive Officer of Urban Edge Properties, general partner of Urban Edge Properties LP 

</EX-31.3>

<EX-31.4>
 5
 exhibit314certofcfo-sox302.htm
 EX-31.4

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.4 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, Mark Langer, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Urban Edge Properties LP 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of trustees (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 October 30, 2024 s Mark Langer Mark Langer Chief Financial Officer of Urban Edge Properties, general partner of Urban Edge Properties LP 

</EX-31.4>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 exhibit321certofceoandcfo-.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (Subsection (a) and (b) of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code) 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code), the undersigned officer of Urban Edge Properties, hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of Urban Edge Properties fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Urban Edge Properties. 
 
 October 30, 2024 s Jeffrey S. Olson Name Jeffrey S. Olson Title Chairman of the Board of Trustees and Chief Executive Officer of Urban Edge Properties October 30, 2024 s Mark Langer Name Mark Langer Title Chief Financial Officer of Urban Edge Properties 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and, accordingly, is not being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the Report and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing). 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 exhibit322certofceoandcfo-.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 (Subsection (a) and (b) of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code) 
 Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (subsections (a) and (b) of Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code), the undersigned officer of Urban Edge Properties, hereby certifies, to such officer s knowledge, that 
 
 The Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 (the Report of Urban Edge Properties LP fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Urban Edge Properties LP. 
 
 October 30, 2024 s Jeffrey S. Olson Name Jeffrey S. Olson Title Chairman of the Board of Trustees and Chief Executive Officer of Urban Edge Properties, general partner of Urban Edge Properties LP October 30, 2024 s Mark Langer Name Mark Langer Title Chief Financial Officer of Urban Edge Properties, general partner of Urban Edge Properties LP 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 
 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and, accordingly, is not being filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the Report and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing). 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 ue-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 ue-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 ue-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 ue-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 ue-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

