<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241101_10-Q_edgar_data_1882198_0001213900-24-093077.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4185840</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>127135</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>961616</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>759346</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1083473</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1189107</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-093077.hdr.sgml : 20241101
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031201225
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-093077
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		51
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240331
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241101
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Athena Technology Acquisition Corp. II
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001882198
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				872447308
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41144
		FILM NUMBER:		241416646

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		442 5TH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		970-925-1572

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		442 5TH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-093077.txt : 20241101

10-Q
 1
 ea0217455-10q_athenatech2.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, 

(Address of Principal Executive Offices, including
zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

N/A 

(Former name, former address and former fiscal
year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant
to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit
such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging
growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company,
indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether
the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): Yes No 

As of October 28, 2024, there
were shares of Class A common stock, par value .0001 per share, and 0 shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001
per share, outstanding. 

ATHENA TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. II 

QUARTERLY REPORT ON FORM 10-Q 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 
 
 PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 Interim Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of March 31, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 1 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Operations for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 2 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 3 

Unaudited Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 
 4 

Notes to Condensed Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 5 

Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 21 

Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 28 

Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 28 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 30 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 30 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 30 

Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 30 

Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 30 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 31 

Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 31 

Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 32 

SIGNATURE 
 33 

i 

ITEM 1. INTERIM FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (UNAUDITED) 

ATHENA TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. II 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

March 31, 
2024 

December 31, 
2023 

(Unaudited) 

ASSETS 

CURRENT ASSETS 

Cash 

Cash and cash equivalents restricted 

Due from Sponsor 

Investments held in Trust Account for redeemed shares 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

TOTAL ASSETS 

LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT LIABILITIES 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Note payable - related party, net of discount 

Due to related party 

Due to redeeming stockholders 

Excise tax payable 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Total current liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

TOTAL LIABILITIES 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION 

Class A Common stock subject to possible redemption, par value, and shares at redemption value of and per share, at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class A common stock; par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding 1,287,781 and 2,198,039 shares subject to possible redemption) at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Class B common stock; par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding at March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

TOTAL STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

() 

() 

LIABILITIES, CLASS A COMMON STOCK SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

ATHENA TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. II 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Three Months Ended 
March 31, 

2024 

2023 

OPERATING EXPENSES 

General and administrative 

Franchise tax 

Total operating expenses 

OTHER INCOME 

Interest income on investments held in Trust Account 

Finance costs discount on debt issuance 

() 

Total other income, net 

(LOSS) INCOME BEFORE PROVISION FOR INCOME TAXES 

() 

Provision for income taxes 

() 

() 
 
 NET (LOSS) INCOME 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A common stock 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, Class A 

() 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B common stock 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per share, Class B 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

ATHENA TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. II 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN
STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2024 

Common stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2023 

Remeasurement of common stock subject to redemption 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of common stock 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2024 (unaudited) 

FOR THE THREE MONTHS ENDED MARCH 31, 2023 

Common stock 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

Remeasurement of common stock subject to redemption 

Net income 

Balance, March 31, 2023 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

ATHENA TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. II 

UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Three Months Ended 
March 31, 

2024 

2023 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net (loss) income 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Interest income on investments held in Trust Account 

() 

() 
 
 Finance costs discount on debt issuance 

Expenses paid by related party 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

() 
 
 Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Cash deposited to Trust Account 

() 

Cash withdrawn from Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes 

Net cash provided by investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES 

Payment of due to related party 

() 

Net cash used in financing activities 

() 

NET CHANGE IN CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS RESTRICTED 

() 

() 
 
 CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS RESTRICTED, BEGINNING OF PERIOD 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS - RESTRICTED, END OF PERIOD 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS RESTRICTED, END OF PERIOD 

Cash 

Cash and cash equivalents - restricted 

CASH AND CASH EQUIVALENTS RESTRICTED, END OF PERIOD 

SUPPLEMENTAL DISCLOSURE OF NONCASH ACTIVITIES: 

Excise tax payable attributable to redemption of Class A common stock 

Due from Sponsor in relation to extension payments 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

ATHENA TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. II 

NOTES TO CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

MARCH 31, 2024 

(UNAUDITED) 

. The Company is a blank check company formed for the purpose of entering
into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or other similar business combination
with one or more businesses or entities (a Business Combination ). 

The Company is not limited to a particular industry
or geographic region for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and,
as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

As of March 31, 2024, the Company had not commenced
any operations. All activity through March 31, 2024, relates to the Company s formation and Initial Public Offering IPO ),
which is described below and, since the offering, the search for a prospective initial Business Combination. The Company will not generate
any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company generates non-operating
income in the form of interest income earned on investments from the proceeds derived from the IPO. 

The registration statement for the Company s
IPO was declared effective on December 9, 2021. On December 14, 2021, the Company consummated the IPO of units Units ).
Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock (the Public Shares and one-half of one redeemable warrant (each,
a Public Warrant ), with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one share of Class A common stock for 
per share. The Units were sold at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the
Company consummated the sale Private Placement of private placement units Private Placement Units to the Company s sponsor, Athena Technology Sponsor II, LLC (the Sponsor ). Each Private Placement Unit consists of
one share of Class A common stock Placement Shares and one-half of one redeemable warrant (each, a Private Placement
Warrant ). Each Private Placement Warrant will be exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 
per share. The Private Placement Units were sold at a price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of ,
which is described in Note 4. 

Subsequent to the closing of the IPO, on December
28, 2021, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of additional units Over-allotment Units upon receiving
notice of the underwriters election to partially exercise its over-allotment option, generating additional gross proceeds of .
Simultaneously with the exercise of the over-allotment, the Company consummated the private placement of an additional Private Placement
Units to the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of . 

Offering costs for the IPO and over-allotment
amounted to , consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held
in the Trust Account (defined below)) and of other costs. As described in Note 6, the of deferred underwriting fees
payable is contingent upon the consummation of a Business Combination by December 14, 2024, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Following the closing of the IPO, per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the IPO and the Private Placement Units was placed in a trust account Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment
company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4)
of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination
and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 

5 

of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions
and taxes payable on income earned on the Trust Account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination.
However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding
voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register
as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. There is no assurance the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business
Combination. 

The Company will provide the holders of the outstanding
Public Shares (the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the
completion of a Business Combination either (i) in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or
(ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct
a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Stockholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion
of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust
Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights with respect to the Company s Public Warrants and Private Placement
Warrants (together, the Warrants ). 

All of the Public Shares contain a redemption
feature which allows for the redemption of such Public Shares in connection with the Company s liquidation, if there is a stockholder
vote or tender offer in connection with the Company s Business Combination and in connection with certain amendments to the Company s
amended and restated certificate of incorporation (as amended, restated, supplemented and/or otherwise modified from time to time, the
 Charter ). In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 480-10-S99, redemption provisions not solely within the control of a company require Class A common stock subject
to redemption to be classified outside of permanent equity. Given that the Public Shares will be issued with other freestanding instruments
(i.e., Public Warrants), the initial carrying value of the Class A common stock classified as temporary equity will be the allocated proceeds
determined in accordance with ASC 470-20. The Class A common stock is subject to ASC 480-10-S99. If it is probable that the equity instrument
will become redeemable, the Company has the option to either (i) accrete changes in the redemption value over the period from the date
of issuance (or from the date that it becomes probable that the instrument will become redeemable, if later) to the earliest redemption
date of the instrument or (ii) recognize changes in the redemption value immediately as they occur and adjust the carrying amount of the
instrument to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. The Company has elected to recognize the changes immediately.
While redemptions cannot cause the Company s net tangible assets to fall below , the Public Shares are redeemable and
are classified as such on the condensed balance sheets until such date that a redemption event takes place. 

Redemptions of the Company s Public Shares
may be subject to the satisfaction of conditions, including minimum cash conditions, pursuant to an agreement relating to the Company s
Business Combination. If the Company seeks stockholder approval of the Business Combination, the Company will proceed with a Business
Combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination, or such other vote as required by law or
stock exchange rule. If a stockholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does
not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its Charter, conduct the redemptions
pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC and file tender offer documents
with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable
law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain stockholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company
will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer
rules. 

If the Company seeks stockholder approval in connection
with a Business Combination, the Company s Sponsor, officers and directors (the Initial Stockholders have agreed
to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the IPO in favor of approving a Business
Combination. Additionally, each Public Stockholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective
of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Charter provides
that a Public Stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in
concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange
Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of or more of the Class A common
stock sold in the IPO, without the prior consent of the Company. 

6 

of its Public Shares
if the Company does not complete a Business Combination, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders with the opportunity to redeem
their shares of Class A common stock in conjunction with any such amendment. This agreement is required to be extended on a monthly basis. 

If the Company is unable to complete a Business
Combination by December 14, 2024 (if extended by the full amount of time), as approved by the stockholders of the Company at its special
meeting of stockholders held on March 12, 2024, the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share price, payable
in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account
and not previously released to the Company to pay its franchise and income taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish the Public Stockholders rights
as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly
as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s
board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for
claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. 

On June 13, 2023, the Company held a special meeting
of its stockholders (the First Extension Special Meeting ), at which the stockholders approved proposals to amend the Company s
Charter to (i) extend the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination from June 14, 2023 to up to March
14, 2024 by electing to extend the date to consummate an initial business combination on a monthly basis up to nine times by an additional
one month each time after June 14, 2023 (the date which is 18 months from the closing date of the IPO, the First Current Outside
Date until March 14, 2024 (the date which is 27 months from the closing date of the IPO), or a total of up to nine months after
the First Current Outside Date, provided that the Sponsor or its affiliates or permitted designees will deposit into the Trust Account
the lesser of (a) and (b) for each share of common stock issued and outstanding that has not been redeemed in accordance
with the terms of the amended Charter and (ii) provide holders of the Company s Class B common stock, par value per share
(the Class B common stock ), the right to convert any and all of their Class B common stock into the Company s Class
A common stock, par value per share (the Class A common stock ), on a one-for-one basis prior to the closing of a
business combination at the election of the holder. 

In connection with the First Extension Special
Meeting, shares of the Company s Class A common stock were redeemed (the Redemptions ). On June 21, 2023,
 was withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the redeeming holders and the shares of the Company s Class
A common stock that were redeemed were cancelled. 

On June 21, 2023, the Company issued an aggregate
of shares of its Class A common stock to the Sponsor, upon the conversion of an equal number of shares of Class B common stock
of the Company (the Conversion ). The shares of Class A common stock issued in connection with the Conversion are
subject to the same restrictions as applied to the shares of Class B common stock before the Conversion, including, among other things,
certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial Business Combination. 

Following the Conversion, and after giving effect
to the Redemptions, there were shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, and no shares of Class B common stock
issued and outstanding. As a result of the Conversion, and after giving effect to the Redemptions, the Sponsor held approximately 
of the outstanding shares of the Company s Class A common stock. 

On July 17, 2023, the Company s Board of
Directors authorized the transfer of the listing of its Class A common stock, redeemable warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share
of Class A common stock at a price of per share (the Warrants ), and units, each consisting of one share of Class
A common stock and one-half of one Warrant (the Units and together with the Class A common stock and the Warrants, the Listed
Securities ), from the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE to the NYSE American LLC (the NYSE American ).
The listing and trading of the Listed Securities on the NYSE ended at market close on July 20, 2023, and the trading of the Listed Securities
on the NYSE American commenced at market open on July 21, 2023. The Class A common stock, Warrants and Units each continues to be traded
under the ticker symbols ATEK, ATEK WS and ATEK.U, respectively. 

7 

and (b) for each share of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding that has not been redeemed in accordance
with the terms of the charter upon the election of each such one-month extension unless the closing of the Company s initial Business
Combination shall have occurred and (ii) eliminates the limitation that the Company may not redeem public shares in an amount that would
cause the Company s net tangible assets to be less than immediately prior to or upon consummation of an initial Business
Combination. In connection with the Second Extension Special Meeting held on March 12, 2024, there were shares of the Company s
Class A common stock redeemed. 

On January 8, 2024, the Company deposited 
into the Trust Account allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by one
month from January 14, 2024 to February 14, 2024. 

On February 9, 2024, the Company deposited 
into the Trust Account allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by one
month from February 14, 2024 to March 14, 2024. 

Following the Second Extension Special Meeting,
on March 13, 2024, the Company deposited into the Trust Account allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate
its initial Business Combination by one month from March 14, 2024 to April 14, 2024. The Monthly Extension is the first of up to nine
potential monthly extensions permitted under the amended Charter. 

On April 5, 2024, an amount of was
withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the redeeming stockholders and the shares of the Company s Class A common stock
that were redeemed were cancelled (see Note 9). 

On each of April 16, 2024, May 14, 2024, June
14, 2024, July 10, 2024, August 8, 2024, September 12, 2024 and October 15, 2024, the Company deposited into the Trust Account,
or an aggregate of 180,289, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by
one month from April 14, 2024 to November 14, 2024 (see Note 9). The Company has one monthly extension remaining to extend the date from
November 14, 2024 to December 14, 2024 as permitted under the amended Charter. 

The Initial Stockholders have agreed to waive
their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period. However, if the Initial Stockholders should acquire Public Shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions
from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to its deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account
in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, and, in such event, such amounts will
be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the
event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets remaining available for distribution (including
the Trust Account assets) will be only per shares held in the Trust Account. In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust
Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by (i) any third party for services rendered
or products sold to the Company or (ii) any prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent,
confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement (a Target ), reduce the amount of funds in the
Trust Account; provided, however, that such indemnification of the Company by the Sponsor shall apply only to the extent necessary to
ensure that any such claims by a third party or a Target do not reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of
(i) per Public Share and (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of
the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share is then held in the Trust Account due to reductions in the value of the trust
assets, less taxes payable. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims by a third party or a Target which executed a waiver
of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account or to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters
of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). 

Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver
is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party
claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors
by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), prospective
target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements waiving any right, title, interest or claim
of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

8 

U.S. federal excise
tax (the Excise Tax on certain repurchases of stock by covered corporations (which include publicly traded
domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations) occurring on or after January 1, 2023. The Excise Tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself,
not its stockholders from which the stock is repurchased. Because the Company is a Delaware corporation and its securities are trading
on the NYSE American, the Company is a covered corporation for this purpose. The amount of the Excise Tax is generally 
of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the Excise Tax,
repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock
repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the Excise Tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury
(the Treasury has authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance
of the Excise Tax. On December 27, 2022, the Treasury issued a notice that provides interim operating rules for the Excise Tax, including
rules governing the calculation and reporting of the Excise Tax, on which taxpayers may rely until the forthcoming proposed Treasury regulations
addressing the Excise Tax are published. Although such notice clarifies certain aspects of the Excise Tax, the interpretation and operation
of other aspects of the Excise Tax remain unclear, and such interim operating rules are subject to change. 

Whether and to what extent the Company would be
subject to the Excise Tax on a redemption of shares of Class A common stock or other stock issued by the Company would depend on a number
of factors, including (i) whether the redemption is treated as a repurchase of stock for purposes of the Excise Tax, (ii) the fair market
value of the redemption treated as a repurchase of stock in connection with an initial Business Combination, an extension or otherwise
(iii) the structure of an initial Business Combination, (iv) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances
(whether in connection with an initial Business Combination or otherwise) issued within the same taxable year of a redemption treated
as a repurchase of stock and (v) the content of forthcoming regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. As noted above, the Excise
Tax would be payable by the Company, and not by the redeeming holder, and only limited guidance on the mechanics of any required reporting
and payment of the Excise Tax on which taxpayers may rely have been issued to date. The imposition of the Excise Tax could cause a reduction
in the cash available on hand to complete an initial Business Combination or for effecting redemptions and may affect the ability to complete
an initial Business Combination, fund future operations or make distributions to stockholders. In addition, the Excise Tax could cause
a reduction in the per share amount payable to Public Stockholders in the event the Company liquidates the Trust Account due to a failure
to complete an initial Business Combination within the requisite timeframe. 

In connection with the stockholders vote
at the Special Meeting of Stockholders held on June 13, 2023, there were shares tendered for redemption and approximately 
was paid out of the Trust Account to the redeeming stockholders. The Company has recorded excise tax based on the amount redeemed or
an aggregate amount of excise tax payable as of December 31, 2023. 

In connection with the stockholders vote
at the Special Meeting of Stockholders held on March 12, 2024, there were shares tendered for redemption and approximately 
was paid out of the Trust Account on April 5, 2024 to the redeeming stockholders. The Company has recorded excise tax based on the
amount redeemed or an aggregate amount of . As of March 31, 2024, the Company s excise tax payable amounted to . 

During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the Internal Revenue Service
issued final regulations with respect to the timing and payment of the excise tax. Pursuant to those regulations, the Company would
need to file a return and remit payment for the excise tax liability of , which was incurred during the period from January
1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, on or before October 31, 2024. 

The Company is currently evaluating its options
with respect to payment of this obligation. If the Company is unable to pay its obligation in full, it will be subject to additional
interest and penalties which are currently estimated at interest per annum and a underpayment penalty per month or portion of a
month up to of the total liability for any amount that is unpaid from November 1, 2024 until paid in full. As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the excise tax remains unpaid. 

In October 2023, Israel and certain Iranian-backed
Palestinian forces began an armed conflict in Israel, the Gaza Strip, and surrounding areas. In February 2022, the Russian Federation
and Belarus commenced a military action with the country of Ukraine. Armed conflicts around the world, such as those in Ukraine and Israel,
as well as the global response to such conflicts, including the imposition of sanctions by the United States and other countries, could
create or exacerbate risks facing the Company s business. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared the outbreak of
a novel coronavirus COVID-19 as a pandemic which quickly spread throughout the United States and the world. These events,
compounded with rising interest rates and inflation, have had and may in the future have an adverse impact on global supply chains and
capital markets resulting in a weaker macroeconomic environment. Any deterioration in credit markets resulting directly or indirectly
from the ongoing Russian invasion of Ukraine or the attack by Hamas on Israel from the Gaza Strip could limit the Company s ability
to obtain external financing to fund operations and capital expenditures. Management continues to evaluate the macroeconomic environment
as a result of COVID-19, and the Ukraine and Israel conflicts and the Company has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that
the market conditions could have a negative effect on identifying a target company for a Business Combination, the specific impact is
not readily determinable as of the date of the unaudited condensed financial statements. The unaudited condensed financial statements
do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

9 

million to be used for tax purposes. It was determined as of June 30, 2023, that the withdrawal
amount was approximately in excess of the amount necessary for tax purposes. As a result, the overdrawn amount of was
allocated back to the contingently redeemable Class A common stock subject to possible redemption and distributed back to the Trust Account
on August 17, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, after the overdrawn amount was returned to the Trust Account, approximately million
of restricted funds remained in the Company s operating account for future payment of franchise and income taxes. The withdrawn
funds were restricted for payment of such tax liabilities under the Company s Charter and the terms of the Trust Agreement. Through
December 31, 2023, the Company used of these funds for the payment of general operating expenses, resulting in a balance of the
restricted funds of approximately million as of December 31, 2023. 

On March 19, 2024, the Company withdrew an additional
 from the Trust Account to pay the Company s franchise and income taxes payable and approximately was used for
the payment of general operating expenses, resulting in a balance of the restricted funds to million as of March 31, 2024. Through
March 31, 2024, the Company used an aggregate of of these funds for the payment of general operating expenses. 

Management determined that this use of funds was
not in accordance with the Trust Agreement. The Company disbursed an aggregate of , the balance of the funds withdrawn from the
Trust Account, for payment of general operating expenses between October 1, 2023 and March 31, 2024, also counter to the terms of the
Trust Agreement. As of March 31, 2024, none of the funds had been remitted to satisfy franchise and income tax liabilities. 

On April 3, 2024, the Company paid to
satisfy income tax liabilities for 2022. On April 10, 2024, the funds were replenished to the Company s operating account in the
form of an intercompany loan made by the Sponsor. On May 16, 2024, the Company paid of its 2023 income tax liabilities. On July
22, 2024, the Company paid of its 2023 Delaware franchise tax liabilities (see Note 9). 

The Company expects it will need to raise additional
funds prior to the closing of a Business Combination to satisfy operational costs and closing costs. As of the date of this Quarterly
Report on Form 10-Q, the Company has not obtained any commitments to provide additional funds and the Company s board of directors
has not approved any method of funding the Company s income and franchise tax obligations. 

Going Concern Consideration and Capital Resources 

As of March 31, 2024, the Company had operating
cash of , restricted cash and cash equivalents to pay the Company s tax obligations of and a working capital deficit
of . The Company also has an investment held in the Trust Account of to be used for a Business Combination or to
repurchase or redeem its common stock in connection therewith. As of March 31, 2024, approximately of the amount on deposit
in the Trust Account represented interest income, which is available to pay the Company s tax obligations. 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection
with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may,
but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes a
Business Combination, the Company will repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company.
Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital
Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either
be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to million of such
Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per unit. The units would
be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were and , respectively,
Working Capital Loans outstanding (see Note 5). 

Based on the foregoing, management does not believe
that the Company will have sufficient working capital and borrowing capacity to meet its needs through the earlier of the consummation
of a Business Combination or one year from this filing. Over this time period, the Company will be using these funds to pay existing accounts
payable, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target
businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating
the Business Combination. 

10 

11 

and , respectively. Cash and cash equivalents restricted at March 31, 2024 and December
31, 2023 represents cash that was withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay taxes but is yet to be utilized. 

and , respectively, in investments held in Trust Account. 

,
consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held in the Trust Account)
and of other costs. As described in Note 5, the of deferred underwriting fee payable is contingent upon the consummation
of a Business Combination by December 14, 2024 (if extended by the full amount of time), subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant
adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. 

12 

shares
of the Company s Class A common stock redeemed. On June 21, 2023, an amount of was withdrawn from the Trust
Account to pay the redeeming holders and the shares of the Company s Class A common stock that were redeemed were
cancelled. In connection with the Special Meeting on March 12, 2024, there were shares of the Company s Class A common
stock redeemed. On April 5, 2024, an amount of was withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the redeeming holders and the
 shares of the Company s Class A common stock that were redeemed were cancelled. Accordingly, at March 31, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, there were and shares of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption, respectively,
presented as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s condensed balance
sheets. 

Less: 

Redemption of common stock 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2023 

Less: 

Redemption of common stock 

Plus: 

Accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption at March 31, 2024 

13 

shares of Class A common
stock at per share were issued on December 14, 2021. At March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, no Public Warrants
or Private Placement Warrants have been exercised. The potential shares of Class A common stock for outstanding Public
Warrants and Private Placement Warrants to purchase the Company s stock were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the three
months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 because they are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result,
diluted net (loss) income per common share is the same as basic net (loss) income per common share for the periods presented. 

Denominator: 

Weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic and diluted net (loss) income per common share 

Units at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Public Share and one-half of a Public Warrant. Each whole Public Warrant
entitles the holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 

14 

Private Placement Units at a price of per Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of .
Each whole Private Placement Unit will consist of Placement Share and one-half of a Private Placement Warrant. Each whole Private
Placement Warrant will be exercisable to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share. A portion of
the proceeds from the Private Placement Units will be added to the proceeds from the IPO to be held in the Trust Account. If the Company
does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Units will
be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law), and the Private Placement Units and
all underlying securities will be worthless. 

shares
of the Company s Class B common stock, par value Founder Shares ), for an aggregate price of , and
in November 2021, The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A common stock at the time of the Company s initial Business
Combination and are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in Note 7. 

The Initial Stockholders had agreed to forfeit
up to Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option is not exercised in full by the underwriters. Subsequent
to December 31, 2021, since the underwriters exercised the over-allotment option only in part, the Sponsor forfeited Founder
Shares. 

The Initial Stockholders have agreed, subject
to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) one year after the
completion of the initial Business Combination or (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the last sale price of the
Class A common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination,
or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange or other similar transaction that results
in all of the Company s stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. 

Due To Related Party 

Due to related party represents payments of Company s
expenses by the Sponsor on the Company s behalf. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, due to related party amounted to 
and , respectively. 

Working Capital Loans 

In addition, in order to finance transaction costs
in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and
directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company
completes a Business Combination, the Company will repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to
the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that
a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital
Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms
of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working
Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion,
up to million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 
per unit. The units would be identical to the Private Placement Units. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the below promissory
notes were entered into which fall under the Working Capital Loans structure. 

15 

(the Extension Note ). On the same date, in connection
with advances the Sponsor may make in the future to the Company for working capital expenses in connection with the Company s initial
Business Combination, the Company issued a separate unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor in the principal amount of up to 
(the Working Capital Note , together with the Extension Note, the Notes ). Both Notes bear no interest and are
repayable in full upon the earlier of (a) the date of the consummation of the Company s initial business combination, or (b) the
date of the Company s liquidation. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the total outstanding balance of the Notes is . 

In connection with funding the Notes, on July
5, 2023, the Sponsor entered into a subscription agreement with a third-party investor. Pursuant to the subscription agreement, the Sponsor
will transfer one share of Class A common stock of the Company for each dollar funded upon the closing of a Business Combination. As of
March 31, 2024, such third-party investor loaned to the Sponsor, which amount is included under the Extension Note described
above. 

As of December 31, 2023, the Company advanced an aggregate amount of
 and during the three months ended March 31, 2024, the Company advanced an additional amount of from its operating account
into the Trust Account on the Sponsor s behalf to extend the time the Company has to complete an initial Business Combination to
April 14, 2024. These advances fall under the Working Capital Loan borrowings. Total borrowings under the Working Capital Loans structure
as of March 31, 2024 was , which is comprised of Extension Note balance and working capital loan borrowings.
Total borrowings under the Working Capital Loans structure as of December 31, 2023 were , which are comprised of a Extension
Note balance and working capital loan borrowings. 

On
 October 9, 2024 (effective on April 10, 2024), the Company issued
an unsecured and non-interest-bearing promissory note to the Sponsor with a principal amount equal to to cover the monthly
extension payments of the Company and for working capital purposes. The Company drew from this note on April 10, 2024 (see Note
9) to replenish the misallocated restricted funds. 

Support Services 

The Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a fee
of per month following the Company s listing on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE for office space, utilities,
and secretarial and administrative services. The agreement will terminate upon the earlier of the Company s consummation of a Business
Combination or its liquidation. For the three months ended March 31, 2024 and 2023, has been incurred and paid under this agreement.
The Company has no outstanding administrative support services due as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 

-day
option from the final prospectus relating to the IPO to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at
the IPO price less underwriting discounts and commissions. 

The underwriters were paid a cash underwriting
discount of per unit on the offering, or in the aggregate at the closing of the IPO. In addition, the underwriters are
entitled to deferred underwriting commissions of per unit, or from the closing of the IPO and over-allotment. The total
deferred fee of (including underwriting discount of related to the exercise of the over-allotment option) is deferred
until completion of a Business Combination. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust
Account solely if the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

16 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other
rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of March 31, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

Class A Common Stock The Company
is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. On June 21, 2023, the Company
issued an aggregate of shares of its Class A common stock to the Sponsor, upon the conversion of an equal number of shares of
Class B common stock, par value per share, of the Company. The shares of Class A common stock issued in connection with
the conversion are subject to the same restrictions as applied to the shares of Class B common stock before the Conversion, including,
among other things, certain transfer restrictions, waiver of redemption rights and the obligation to vote in favor of an initial business
combination, as described in the prospectus for the Company s initial public offering. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were and shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, of which and shares of
Class A common stock are subject to possible redemption, which are classified as temporary equity, respectively. 

Class B Common Stock The Company
is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B common stock
are entitled to vote for each share. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no shares of Class B common stock outstanding. 

The Company s Charter provides that the
shares of Class B common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the initial Business Combination
on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued
or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the IPO and related to the closing of the initial Business Combination, the ratio
at which Class B common stock shall convert into Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the outstanding
Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares
of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 
of the sum of the total number of shares of Class A common stock outstanding upon the completion of the IPO (including the Public Shares,
Private Placement Units and Founder Shares) plus all Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection
with the initial Business Combination. Holders of Founder Shares may also elect to convert their Class B common stock into an equal number
of shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 

Holders of common stock will have the right to
elect all of the Company s directors prior to a Business Combination. Holders of Class A common stock and Class B common stock will
vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of stockholders except as required by law. 

Warrants As of March 31, 2024
and December 31, 2023, the Company has Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. Warrants may only
be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Warrants. The Warrants will become
exercisable days after the completion of an initial Business Combination and will expire from the completion of a Business
Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

The Company will not be obligated to deliver any
shares of common stock pursuant to the exercise of a Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such Warrant exercise unless a registration
statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of common stock underlying the Warrants is then effective and a prospectus
relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration. No Warrant will be exercisable
for cash or on a cashless basis, and the Company will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their Warrants,
unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising
holder, or an exemption is available. 

17 

business days after the closing of its initial Business Combination, it will use its best efforts to file
with the SEC a post-effective amendment to the registration statement for the IPO or a new registration statement for the registration,
under the Securities Act, of the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants. The Company will use its best
efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus
relating thereto, until the expiration of the Warrants in accordance with the provisions of the Warrant Agreements. No Warrants will be
exercisable for cash unless the Company has an effective and current registration statement covering the offer and sale of the shares
of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to such shares of common stock. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants is not effective
by the th business day after the closing of the Company s initial Business Combination, Warrant holders may, until
such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company shall have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement, exercise Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption.
If that exemption, or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their Warrants on a cashless basis. 

Once the Warrants become exercisable, the Company
may redeem the Warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per Warrant; 

upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption, to each Warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the shares of common stock equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share consolidations, share capitalizations, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date the Company sends the notice of redemption to the Warrant holders. 

If and when the Warrants become redeemable by
the Company, the Company may not exercise its redemption right if the issuance of shares upon exercise of the Warrants is not exempt from
registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or the Company is unable to effect such registration or qualification. 

If the Company calls the Warrants for redemption,
management will have the option to require all holders that wish to exercise the Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, 
as described in the Public Warrant Agreement and the Private Warrant Agreement. The exercise price and number of shares of common stock
issuable upon exercise of the Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, or recapitalization,
reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, except as described below, the Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of shares
of common stock at a price below its exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Warrants.
If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in
the Trust Account, holders of Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution
from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such Warrants. Accordingly, the Warrants may expire
worthless. 

In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional
shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of its initial Business
Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of common stock (with such issue price or effective
issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor
or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such
issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the
total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the Company s initial Business Combination on the date
of the consummation of such initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the
Company s shares of common stock during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company
consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price
of the Warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

The Private Placement Warrants are identical to
the Public Warrants underlying the Units sold in the IPO, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of common stock issuable
upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion
of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable at
the election of the holder on a cashless basis . 

Neither the Private Placement Warrants nor the
Public Warrants contain any provision that change dependent upon the characteristics of the holder of the Warrant. 

18 

and , respectively, held in money market funds. 

All of the Company s investments held in
the Trust Account are classified as trading securities. Net amounts of and (net of approximately cash deposited
to Trust Account to refund the over withdrawal) have been withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay for franchise and income taxes of the
Company as of March 31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

In connection with the Special Meeting held on
June 13, 2023, there were shares of the Company s Class A common stock redeemed. On June 21, 2023, an amount of 
was withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the redeeming holders and the shares of the Company s Class A common stock
that were redeemed were cancelled. 

In connection with the Special Meeting held on
March 12, 2024, there were shares of the Company s Class A common stock redeemed. On April 5, 2024, an amount of 
was withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the redeeming holders and the shares of the Company s Class A common stock that
were redeemed were cancelled. 

19 

to satisfy income tax liabilities for 2022. On April 10, 2024, the funds were replenished to the Company s operating
account in the form of an intercompany loan made by Sponsor. 

On April 5, 2024, an amount
of was withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the redeeming holders and the shares of the Company s Class A
common stock that were redeemed were cancelled. 

On each of each of April 16, 2024, May 14, 2024,
June 14, 2024, July 10, 2024, August 8, 2024, September 12, 2024 and October 15, 2024, the Company deposited into the Trust Account,
or an aggregate of 180,289, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by
one month from April 14, 2024 to November 14, 2024. The Company has one monthly extension remaining to extend the date from November 14,
2024 to December 14, 2024 as permitted under the amended Charter. 

On April 17, 2024, the Company,
received an official notice of noncompliance from NYSE Regulation stating that the Company is not in compliance with NYSE American continued
listing standards due to the failure to timely file the Company s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 by the filing due
date of April 16, 2024. 

On May 16, 2024, the Company
paid of 2023 income tax liabilities. 

During the quarter ended
June 30, 2024, the Internal Revenue Service issued final regulations with respect to the timing and payment of the excise tax. Pursuant
to those regulations, the Company would need to file a return and remit payment for any liability incurred during the period from January
1, 2023 to December 31, 2023 on or before October 31, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating its options with respect to payment of
this obligation. If the Company is unable to pay its obligation in full, it will be subject to additional interest and penalties which
are currently estimated at 10 interest per annum and a 0.5 underpayment penalty per month or portion of a month up to 25 of the total
liability for any amount that is unpaid from November 1, 2024 until paid in full. 

On July 26, 2024, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note to the Sponsor with a principal amount equal to . The Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier
of July 26, 2026 or the Company s initial Business Combination. The Note may be converted into equity securities of the Company
on mutually agreeable terms if consented to in writing by the Sponsor. The Company received the full principal amount of under
this Note. 

On July 22, 2024, the Company paid of
2023 Delaware franchise tax liabilities. 

On October 9, 2024 (effective on April 10, 2024),
the Company issued an unsecured and non-interest-bearing promissory note to the Sponsor with a principal amount equal to to
cover the monthly extension payments of the Company and for working capital purposes. The Company drew from this note on April
10, 2024 to replenish the misallocated restricted funds. 

On October 21, 2024 , the Company received a letter from the NYSE notifying the Company of its past due annual listing fees. Failure to
pay the late annual listing fees may result in the Company facing disciplinary action from the NYSE Regulation, up to and including delisting
from the NYSE American. 

20 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS
OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

References in this report to we, 
 us, Athena, SPAC or the Company refer to Athena Technology Acquisition Corp. II.
References to our management or our management team refer to our officers, and references to the Sponsor 
refer to Athena Technology Sponsor II, LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results
of operations should be read in conjunction with the condensed financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly Report ). Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set
forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report includes forward-looking
statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act that are not historical facts and involve risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements
of historical fact included in this Quarterly Report including, without limitation, statements in this Management s Discussion
and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding a business combination and related timing and the Company s
financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements.
Words such as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek 
and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements
relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information currently available.
A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events, performance and results discussed
in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially
from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to the Risk Factors section of the Company s Annual Report
on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 (the Annual Report on Form 10-K and any subsequent Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q or Current Reports on Form 8-K, each filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). The
Company s SEC filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required
by applicable law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result
of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

Athena Technology Acquisition Corp. II was incorporated
in Delaware on May 20, 2021. The Company was formed for the purpose of entering into a merger, stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, reorganization or other similar business transaction with one or more businesses that the Company has not yet identified (a
 Business Combination ). 

On April 19, 2023, the Company entered into a
business combination agreement with the Air Water Company in order to effect a Business Combination, but then terminated the agreement
on December 13, 2023 by entering into a mutual release agreement. The Company is currently looking to identify another target business
with which to pursue an initial Business Combination. 

We expect to continue to incur significant costs
in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. 

Recent Events 

Special Meeting of Stockholders 

On March 12, 2024, the Company held a special
meeting of its stockholders (the Second Extension Special Meeting ), at which the stockholders approved proposals to further
amend the Charter to (i) further extend the date by which the Company must consummate its initial business combination on a monthly basis
for up to nine times by an additional one month each time for a total of up to nine months from March 14, 2024 (the date which is 27 months
from the closing date of the Company s IPO) to December 14, 2024 (the date which is 36 months from the closing date of the IPO)
provided that the Sponsor or its affiliates or permitted designees deposit into the Trust Account the lesser of (a) 40,000 and (b) 0.02
for each share of the Company s common stock issued and outstanding that has not been redeemed in accordance with the terms of the
Charter upon the election of each such one-month extension unless the closing of the Company s initial business combination shall
have occurred and (ii) eliminate the limitation that the Company may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause the Company s
net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 immediately prior to or upon consummation of an initial business combination. The Company
filed an amendment to the Charter to reflect the accepted proposals on March 12, 2024. In connection with the Second Extension Special
Meeting, 910,258 shares of the Company s Class A common stock were redeemed. 

21 

Trust Deposits (See above Special Meeting
of Stockholders and Note 1) 

On January 8, 2024, the Company deposited 60,000
into the Trust Account allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by one
month from January 14, 2024 to February 14, 2024. 

On February 9, 2024, the Company deposited 60,000
into the Trust Account allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by one
month from February 14, 2024 to March 14, 2024. 

Following the Second Extension Special Meeting,
on March 13, 2024, the Company deposited 25,756 into the Trust Account allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate
its initial Business Combination by one month from March 14, 2024 to April 14, 2024. 

On each of April 16, 2024, May 14, 2024, June
14, 2024, July 10, 2024, August 8, 2024, September 12, 2024 and October 15, 2024, the Company deposited 25,756 into the Trust Account,
or an aggregate of 180,289, allowing the Company to extend the period of time it has to consummate its initial Business Combination by
one month from April 14, 2024 to November 14, 2024. The Company has one monthly extension remaining to extend the date from November 14,
2024 to December 14, 2024 as permitted under the amended Charter. 

NYSE American 

On July 17, 2023, our Board of Directors authorized
the transfer of the listing of our Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share Class A common stock ), redeemable
warrants, each exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share (the Warrants ),
and units, each consisting of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one Warrant (the Units and together with
the Class A common stock and the Warrants, the Listed Securities ), from the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE to the NYSE American LLC (the NYSE American ). The listing and trading of the Listed Securities on the NYSE ended at market
close on July 20, 2023, and the trading of the Listed Securities on the NYSE American commenced at market open on July 21, 2023. The Class
A common stock, Warrants and Units each continues to be traded on the NYSE American under the ticker symbols ATEK, ATEK WS and ATEK.U,
respectively. 

On April 17, 2024, the Company received an official
notice of noncompliance from NYSE Regulation stating that we were not in compliance with NYSE American continued listing standards under
the timely filing criteria included in Section 1007 of the NYSE American Company Guide due to the failure to timely file the Annual Report
on Form 10-K by the filing due date of April 16, 2024 (the Filing Delinquency .) 

The Company filed its Annual Report on Form 10-K,
this Quarterly Report and our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2024, and believes it has cured the Filing
Delinquency, however there can be no assurance that the Company will continue to comply with the NYSE American continued listing requirements.
If the Company fails to satisfy the continued listing requirements of the NYSE American, such as the corporate governance requirements,
failure to timely file our subsequent quarterly or annual reports, including the quarterly report for the three months ended September
30, 2024, minimum bid price requirement or the minimum stockholder s equity requirement, the NYSE American may take steps to de-list
our common stock. In determining whether to afford a company a cure period prior to commencing suspension or delisting procedures, the
NYSE American does analyze all relevant facts including any past history of late filings. Any de-listing would likely have a negative
effect on the price of our common stock and would impair stockholders ability to sell or purchase their common stock when they
wish to do so. There can be no assurance given that we will be able to continue to satisfy our continued listing requirements and maintain
the listing of our common stock on the NYSE American going forward. 

On October 21, 2024, the Company received a letter from the NYSE notifying the Company of its past due annual listing fees. Failure to
pay the late annual listing fees may result in the Company facing disciplinary action from the NYSE Regulation, up to and including delisting
from the NYSE American. 

22 

Use of Restricted Funds 

Through April 2023, the Company withdrew 356,693
of interest and dividend income earned in the Trust Account for payment of the Company s 2021 and 2022 franchise tax liabilities.
The Company settled the 2021 and 2022 franchise tax liabilities of 356,693 in April 2023. 

On June 21, 2023, the Company withdrew from the
Trust Account an aggregate amount of 2.4 million to be used for tax purposes. It was determined as of June 30, 2023 that the withdrawal
amount was approximately 328,000 in excess of the amount necessary for tax purposes. As a result, the overdrawn amount of 328,000 was
allocated back to the contingently redeemable Class A common stock subject to possible redemption and distributed back to the Trust Account
on August 17, 2023. As of December 31, 2023, after the overdrawn amount was returned to the Trust Account, approximately 2.1 million
of restricted funds remained in the Company s operating account for future payment of franchise and income taxes (the Restricted
Funds ). On March 19, 2024, the Company withdrew an additional 252,108 from the Trust Account to pay the Company s franchise
and income taxes payable, increasing the Restricted Funds to 2.3 million as of March 31, 2024. 

Though March 31, 2024, the Company used portions
of the Restricted Funds to pay for general operating expenses in the aggregate amount of 669,440. Management later determined that this
use of Restricted Funds was not in accordance with the Charter and the amended Trust Agreement. Following the close of the three months
ended March 31, 2024, on April 10, 2024, the misallocated 669,440 of Restricted Funds was replenished to the Company s operating
account in the form of an intercompany loan made by Sponsor. 

As of March 31, 2024, none of the Restricted Funds
had been remitted to satisfy franchise and income tax liabilities. However, on April 3, 2024, the Company paid 720,192 to satisfy income
tax liabilities for 2022, on May 16, 2024, the Company paid 820,571 of its 2023 income tax liabilities and on July 22, 2024, the Company
paid 79,849 of its 2023 Delaware franchise tax liabilities. 

Results of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any operating revenues to date. Our only activities from May 20, 2021 (inception) through March 31, 2024 were organizational
activities and those necessary to prepare for our initial public offering, described below, and since our initial public offering, the
search for a prospective initial business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion
of our initial business combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds
of our initial public offering placed in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial
reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses in connection with searching for, and completing,
a business combination. 

For the three months ended March 31, 2024, we
had a net loss of 601,527, which consisted of interest income on investments held in the Trust Account of 318,866, offset by operating
expenses of 801,272, finance cost of 59,940 and income tax expenses of 59,181. 

For the three months ended March 31, 2023, we had
a net income of 1,706,425, which consisted of interest income on investments held in the Trust Account of 2,758,485, offset by operating
expenses of 495,064 and income tax expenses of 556,996. 

23 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

The securities in our initial public offering
were registered under the Securities Act on a Registration Statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-261287). The Registration Statement
on Form S-1, as amended (the Registration Statement ), for the Company s initial public offering was declared effective
on December 9, 2021. On December 14, 2021, the Company consummated its initial public offering of 25,000,000 units. Each unit consists
of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant, with each warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase
one share of Class A common stock for 11.50 per share. The units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of
 250,000,000. 

Simultaneously with the closing of our initial
public offering, we consummated the sale of 950,000 private placement units at a price of 10.00 per private placement unit in a private
placement with our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 9,500,000. 

Subsequent to the closing of our initial public
offering, we consummated the closing of the sale of 375,000 additional units upon receiving notice of the underwriter s election
to partially exercise their over-allotment option, generating additional gross proceeds of 3,750,000. Simultaneously with the exercise
of the over-allotment, we consummated the private placement of an additional 3,750 private placement units to our Sponsor, generating
gross proceeds of 37,500. 

Offering costs for our initial public offering
amounted to 14,420,146, consisting of 5,000,000 of underwriting fees, 8,956,250 of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held
in the Trust Account) and 463,896 of other costs. The 8,956,250 of deferred underwriting fee payable is contingent upon the consummation
of a business combination by December 14, 2024, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Following the closing of the initial public offering
and partial exercise of the over-allotment, 256,287,500 of the net proceeds from the initial public offering (including the over-allotment
units) and a portion of the private placement units was placed in the Trust Account and invested in U.S. government treasury obligations
with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act,
which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination and
(ii) the distribution of the Trust Account, as described below. 

As of March 31, 2024, the accumulated interest
income earned on investments held in Trust Account amounted to 10,025,924 and total amounts withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the
Company s franchise and income tax obligations amounted to 2,674,222 (net of approximately 328,000 cash deposited to Trust Account
to refund the over withdrawal). In connection with the First Extension Special Meeting held on June 13, 2023, there were 23,176,961 shares
of the Company s Class A common stock redeemed. On June 21, 2023, 239,604,919 was withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the redeeming
holders and the 23,176,961 shares of the Company s Class A common stock that were redeemed were cancelled. In connection with the
Second Extension Special Meeting held on March 12, 2024, there were 910,258 shares of the Company s Class A common stock redeemed.
On April 5, 2024, 10,179,663 was withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay the redeeming holders and the 910,258 shares of the Company s
Class A common stock that were redeemed were cancelled. 

Through March 31, 2024, the Company used portions
of the Restricted Funds to pay for general operating expenses in the aggregate amount of 669,440, of which 428,912 was used during the
three months ended March 31, 2024. Management later determined that this use of Restricted Funds was not in accordance with the Charter
and the amended Trust Agreement. On April 10, 2024, the misallocated 669,440 of Restricted Funds was replenished to the Company s
operating account in the form of an intercompany loan made by Sponsor. 

As of March 31, 2024, none of the Restricted Funds
had been remitted to satisfy franchise and income tax liabilities. However, on April 3, 2024, the Company paid 720,192 to satisfy income
tax liabilities for 2022, on May 16, 2024, the Company paid 820,571 of its 2023 income tax liabilities and on July 22, 2024, the Company
paid 79,849 of its 2023 Delaware franchise tax liabilities. 

For the three months ended March 31, 2024, cash
used in operating activities was 238,842. Net loss of 601,527 was reduced by interest income on investments held in Trust Account of
 318,866 and increased by finance costs discount on debt issuance of 59,940 and expenses paid by related party of 8,391. Changes
in operating assets and liabilities provided 613,220 of cash for operating activities. 

For the three months ended March 31, 2023, cash
used in operating activities was 457,070. Net income of 1,706,425 was reduced by interest income on investments held in Trust Account
of 2,758,485. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 594,990 of cash for operating activities. 

In connection with the stockholders vote
at the Special Meeting of Stockholders held on June 13, 2023, there were 23,176,961 shares tendered for redemption and approximately 239,604,919
was paid out of the Trust Account to the redeeming stockholders. The Company has recorded 1 excise tax based on the amount redeemed or
an aggregate amount of 2,396,049 excise tax payable as of December 31, 2023. 

In connection with the stockholders vote
at the Special Meeting of Stockholders held on March 12, 2024, there were 910,258 shares tendered for redemption and approximately 10,179,663
was paid out of the Trust Account on April 5, 2024 to the redeeming stockholders. The Company has recorded 1 excise tax based on the
amount redeemed or an aggregate amount of 101,797. As of March 31, 2024, the Company s excise tax payable amounted to 2,497,846. 

During the quarter ended June 30, 2024, the Internal
Revenue Service issued final regulations with respect to the timing and payment of the excise tax. Pursuant to those regulations, the
Company would need to file a return and remit payment for the excise tax liability of 2,396,049, which was incurred during the period
from January 1, 2023 to December 31, 2023, on or before October 31, 2024. 

The Company is currently evaluating its options with respect to payment
of this obligation. If the Company is unable to pay its obligation in full, it will be subject to additional interest and penalties which
are currently estimated at 10 interest per annum and a 0.5 underpayment penalty per month or portion of a month up to 25 of the total
liability for any amount that is unpaid from November 1, 2024 until paid in full. As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the excise tax remains unpaid. 

24 

At March 31, 2024, we had investments held in
the Trust Account of 14,420,375. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing
interest earned on the Trust Account (less taxes payable), to complete our business combination. We may withdraw interest from the Trust
Account to pay our taxes. We estimate our annual franchise tax obligations, based on the number of shares of Athena common stock authorized
and outstanding as of the date of this filing, to be approximately 106,000, which we may pay from funds from the initial public offering
held outside of the Trust Account or from interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and released to us for this purpose.
Our annual income tax obligations will depend on the amount of interest and other income earned on the amounts held in the Trust Account.
We expect the interest earned on the amount in the Trust Account will be sufficient to pay our franchise and income taxes. To the extent
that our equity or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our business combination, the remaining proceeds held
in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions
and pursue our growth strategies. 

However, as the Trust Account balance may not
be sufficient after the payment of our annual taxes, the Company will likely need to raise additional funds prior to the closing of a
Business Combination to satisfy further tax liabilities, operational costs and closing costs. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, any loan made to the Company for the purpose of paying overdue tax obligations would be repaid only out of funds held
outside the Trust Account. As of the date of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, the Company has not obtained any commitments to provide
additional funds and the Company s board of directors has not approved any method of funding the Company s further tax and
cost obligations. 

At March 31, 2024, we had operating cash of 0,
restricted cash and cash equivalents to pay tax obligations of 1,648,090 and a working capital deficit of 6,541,331. As of March 31,
2024, approximately 1,071,658 of the amount on deposit in the Trust Account represented interest income, which is available to pay the
Company s tax obligations. 

As of March 31, 2024, the Sponsor has deposited
an aggregate of 25,756 into the Trust Account to cover the first of the nine potential monthly extensions of the deadline by which the
Company must consummate its initial business pursuant to the Charter and the amended Trust Agreement. 

In order to fund working capital deficiencies
or finance transaction costs in connection with a business combination, the Sponsor, or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the
Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital
Loans ). If the Company completes a business combination, the Company will repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of
the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust
Account. In the event that a business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account
to repay the Working Capital Loans, but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except
for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect
to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a business combination, without interest, or, at
the lender s discretion, up to 1.5 million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into units of the post business combination
entity at a price of 10.00 per unit. The units would be identical to the private placement units. As of March 31, 2024 and December 31,
2023, there were 565,756 and 360,060, respectively, Working Capital Loans outstanding. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB ASC 205-40, Presentation of Financial Statements - Going Concern ASC 205-40 ), management has determined that the Company s liquidity position and mandatory liquidation and subsequent
dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The Company intends to complete
its initial Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date; however, there can be no assurance that the Company will be able
to consummate any Business Combination by December 14, 2024(if extended by the full amount of time). No adjustments have been made to
the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after December 14, 2024. The unaudited condensed
financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. 

25 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets, or liabilities,
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of March 31, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships
with entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose
of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any
special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease
obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay our Sponsor a monthly fee of 10,000
for office space, and administrative and support services, provided to the Company. We began incurring these fees on December 9, 2021,
and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of a Business Combination and the Company s liquidation. 

The underwriters are entitled to deferred underwriting
commissions of 0.35 per unit 0.55 per unit from the over-allotment units), or 8,956,250 from the closing of the initial public offering
and the over-allotment units. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely
in the event that the Company completes a business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement
Units and units that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, are entitled to registration rights pursuant to a
certain registration rights agreement, dated December 9, 2021. These holders are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short
form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, these holders will have certain piggyback registration
rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the Company s completion of its initial Business Combination.
The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

JOBS Act 

On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into
law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies.
We qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements
based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We have elected to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting
standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such
standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As such, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply
with public company effective dates. 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating
the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth
in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among
other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal control over financial reporting pursuant to
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public
companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by
the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about
the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items
such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of executive compensation to median employee compensation.
These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our IPO or until we are no longer an emerging
growth company, whichever is earlier. 

26 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

The preparation of unaudited condensed financial
statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets
and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially
differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: 

Common Stock Subject to Possible Redemption 

We account for our common stock subject to possible
redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity ASC 480 ). Common
stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable
common stock (including common stock that features redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption
upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) is classified as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock
is classified as stockholders equity. Our common stock features certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of
our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, common stock subject to possible redemption is presented
as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of our condensed balance sheets. This method would view the end
of the reporting period as if it were also the redemption date for the security. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable
common stock are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 

Net Income (loss) Per Share 

The Company complies with accounting and disclosure
requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss)
by the weighted average number of common stock outstanding during the period. The Company has two classes of shares, which are referred
to as Class A common stock and Class B common stock. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. Public
Warrants (see Note 3 to the unaudited condensed financial statements) and Private Placement Warrants (see Note 4 to the unaudited condensed
financial statements) to purchase 13,164,375 shares of Class A common stock at 11.50 per share were issued on December 14, 2021. At March
31, 2024 and December 31, 2023, no Public Warrants or Private Placement Warrants have been exercised. The 13,164,375 potential shares
of Class A common stock for outstanding Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants to purchase the Company s stock were excluded
from diluted earnings per share for the period ended March 31, 2024 and 2023 because they are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies
have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per common stock is the same as basic net income (loss) per common stock
for the period. 

Accounting for Warrants 

The Company accounts for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified
instruments based on an assessment of the instruments specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in ASC 480 and ASC 815,
 Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the instruments are freestanding financial
instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the instruments meet all of the requirements
for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the instruments are indexed to the Company s own shares of common stock
and whether the instrument holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside of the Company s
control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted
at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the instruments are outstanding. As discussed
in Note 8 to the unaudited condensed financial statements, the Company determined that upon review of the warrant agreements, the public
warrants and private placement warrants issued pursuant to the warrant agreements qualify for equity accounting treatment. 

27 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, 
we are not required to provide the information called for by this Item 3. 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure controls and procedures are controls
and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the
Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure
controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the
Exchange Act, our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, carried out an evaluation
of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of March 31, 2024. Based upon their evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were not effective as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report due to the material
weakness described below. 

Material Weakness 

A material weakness is a deficiency or combination
of deficiencies in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of its financial statements would not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. These deficiencies could result in additional material
misstatements to our financial statements that could not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

The following deficiencies resulted in the Company s inability
to timely file its Annual Report on Form 10-K, this Form 10-Q and the Form 10-Q for the three months ended June 30, 2024, and resulted
in a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting: 

Through March 31, 2024, the Company used portions
of the Restricted Funds to pay for general operating expenses in the aggregate amount of 669,440, of which 428,912 was used during the
three months ended March 31, 2024. Management later determined that this use of Restricted Funds was not in accordance with the Charter
and the amended Trust Agreement. On April 10, 2024, the misallocated 669,440 of Restricted Funds was replenished to the Company s
operating account in the form of an intercompany loan made by Sponsor. 

As of March 31, 2024, none of the Restricted Funds
had been remitted to satisfy franchise and income tax liabilities. However, on April 3, 2024, the Company paid 720,192 to satisfy income
tax liabilities for 2022, on May 16, 2024, the Company paid 820,571 of its 2023 income tax liabilities and on July 22, 2024, the Company
paid 79,849 of 2023 Delaware franchise tax liabilities. 

In connection with the preparation of the Company s
financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2023, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors, in consultation with
management, determined that the Company should restate its previously issued unaudited condensed financial statements contained in its
Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the three months ended September 30, 2023. During 2023, the Company withdrew funds from the Trust Account,
which was restricted for payment of tax liabilities, and determined that approximately 1.5 million of the funds withdrawn from the Trust
Account were incorrectly recorded as a component of Investments held in Trust Account when such funds should have been recorded and presented
as a component of restricted cash as of September 30, 2023. This resulted in a restatement of restricted cash and investments held in
Trust Account. In connection with the change in presentation for restricted cash and Trust Account, the Company also restated the cash
flow statement to properly present the amount of cash withdrawn from the Trust Account to pay franchise and income taxes. 

28 

Remediation Efforts to Address the Identified
Material Weakness 

To address the material weakness, management has
devoted, and plans to continue to devote, significant effort and resources to the remediation and improvement of its internal control
over financial reporting. In particular, management s plans include enhanced controls and improved internal communications within
the Company and its financial reporting advisors related to the identification of any new contractual arrangements, as well as controls
to ensure the Company has oversight of the cash availability for operating needs, including more clearly designating in the Company s
internal books and records the cash that is restricted in its use and the implementation of an additional layer of review of payments
for operating expenses to ensure that restricted cash is not used for payment of general operating expenses, and conducting remedial training
for management, relevant staff and service providers to reiterate and reinforce the terms of the Trust Agreement. Management s remediation
plan also includes the addition of a control requiring the Company s audit committee to approve any withdrawals from the Trust Account
and requiring the placement of such withdrawn funds in a restricted account for the payment of taxes. To address the material weakness
identified in connection with the Company s financial statements, management has added a control requiring enhanced documentation
of discussions between management, the Company s advisors and the Company s audit committee regarding the proper usage of
the cash withdrawn from the Trust Account. 

As of March 31, 2024, we continue to implement
our remediation plan and we believe we have put in place the processes, procedures and reviews necessary to address the material weakness,
however until the applicable controls operate for a sufficient period of time and management has concluded, through testing, that these
controls are operating effectively, the material weaknesses will not be considered remediated. We can offer no assurance that these initiatives
will ultimately have the intended effects. We are committed to the continuous improvement of our internal control over financial reporting
and will continue to diligently review our internal control over financial reporting. 

Changes in Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

Except as described above under
 Remediation Efforts to Address the Identified Material Weakness, there were no changes in our internal control over
financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fiscal quarter ended March 31,
2024 that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

29 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

None. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

Factors that could cause our actual results to
differ materially from those in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q are any of the risks described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K or
subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. Any of these factors could result in a significant or material adverse effect on our results
of operations or financial condition. Additional risk factors not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also
impair our business or results of operations. As of the date of this Quarterly Report, there have been no material changes to the risk
factors disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K or in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES
AND USE OF PROCEEDS 

The securities sold in the IPO were registered
under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (Registration No. 333-261287). The Registration Statement on Form S-1,
as amended (the Registration Statement ), for the Company s IPO was declared effective on December 9, 2021. On December
14, 2021, the Company consummated the IPO of 25,000,000 Units. Each Unit consists of one Public Share and one-half of a Public Warrant.
The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 250,000,000, which is discussed in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the
Company consummated the sale of 950,000 Private Placement Units at a price of 10.00 per Private Placement Unit in a private placement
to the Company s Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 9,500,000 which is described in Note 4. 

Subsequent to the closing of the IPO, the Company
consummated the closing of the sale of 375,000 Over-allotment Units upon receiving notice of the underwriter s election to partially
exercise its over-allotment option, generating additional gross proceeds of 3,750,000. Simultaneously with the exercise of the over-allotment,
the Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional 3,750 Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds
of 37,500. 

Offering costs for the IPO and the exercise of
the underwriters Over-allotment Units amounted to 14,420,146, consisting of 5,075,000 of underwriting fees, 8,881,250 of deferred
underwriting fees payable (which are held in the Trust Account) and 463,896 of other costs. As described in Note 6, the 8,956,250 of
deferred underwriting fee payable is contingent upon the consummation of a Business Combination by December 14, 2024, subject to the terms
of the underwriting agreement. 

Following the closing of the IPO and exercise
of the over-allotment, 256,287,500 of the net proceeds from the IPO (including the Over-allotment Units) and the Private Placement Units
was placed in a Trust Account and invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment
Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund
selected by the Company meeting the conditions of paragraphs (d)(2), (d)(3) and (d)(4) of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as
determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account. 

We paid a total of 5,000,000 underwriting discounts
and commissions and 463,896 for other offering costs and expenses related to the IPO. In addition, the underwriters agreed to defer 8,956,250
in underwriting discounts and commissions until consummation of a Business Combination as described above. 

For a description of the use of the proceeds generated
in our IPO, see Part I, Item 2 of this Quarterly Report. 

ITEM 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 

None. 

30 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 5. 

On October 28, 2024, the Company s board of directors (the Board increased the size of the Board from five to six members and appointed Carolyn Trabuco to the Board effective October 30, 2024. Ms. Trabuco
was appointed to serve as a Class I director with a term expiring at the Company s 2026 annual meeting of stockholders. 

The Board appointed Ms. Trabuco, who was determined to be an independent
director as defined in the applicable corporate governance rules of the NYSE American, to the Board s Audit Committee. 

There are no arrangements or understandings between Ms. Trabuco and any
other person pursuant to which Ms. Trabuco was appointed as a director of the Company. Ms. Trabuco does not have any direct or indirect
material interest in any transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404(a) of Regulation S-K. 

On October 30, 2024, the Company entered into an indemnity agreement (the
 Indemnity Agreement with Ms. Trabuco pursuant to which the Company has agreed to provide contractual indemnification, in
addition to the indemnification provided in the Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, against liabilities
that may arise by reason of her respective service on the Board, and to advance expenses incurred as a result of any proceeding against
her as to which she could be indemnified, in the form previously filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Registration Statement on
Form S-1 (File No. 333-261287) filed with the SEC on December 3, 2021 (the Registration Statement ). 

On October 30, 2024, Ms. Trabuco entered into a joinder (the Joinder to the letter agreement previously entered into by and between the Company and each of its other directors and other parties thereto in
connection with the Company s initial public offering. 

The foregoing descriptions of the Indemnity Agreement and the Joinder do not purport to be complete
and are qualified in their entireties by reference to the form of indemnity agreement and the Joinder, copies of which are attached as
Exhibit 10.5 to the Registration Statement and Exhibit 10.1 hereto, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. 

31 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 

The following exhibits are
filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 

No. 
 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Company, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Form 8-K (File No. 001-41144), filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 18, 2024). 

10.1 
 
 Joinder, dated October 30, 2024, by and between the Company and Carolyn Trabuco. 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith 

32 

SIGNATURE 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto
duly authorized. 

ATHENA TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. II 

Date: October 31, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Jennifer Calabrese 

Name: 
 Jennifer Calabrese 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer and Authorized Signatory) 

33 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ea021745501ex10-1_athena2.htm
 JOINDER, DATED OCTOBER 30, 2024, BY AND BETWEEN THE COMPANY AND CAROLYN TRABUCO

Exhibit 10.1 

JOINDER AGREEMENT 

October 30, 2024 

By executing this joinder, the
undersigned hereby agrees, as of the date first set forth above, that the undersigned shall become a party to that certain Letter Agreement,
dated December 9, 2021 (as may be amended or restated from time to time, the Letter Agreement ), by and among Athena
Technology Acquisition Corp. II (the Company ), Athena Technology Sponsor II, LLC (the Sponsor ),
and the executive officers and directors of the Company, solely with respect to paragraphs 1, 2, 6, 7(a), 7(c), 8, 10 and 11 of the Letter
Agreement, and shall be bound by, and entitled to the rights provided under, the terms and provisions of such sections of the Letter Agreement
as an Insider (as defined therein). 

/s/ Carolyn Luther Trabuco 

Carolyn Luther Trabuco 

ACKNOWLEDGED AND AGREED: 

ATHENA TECHNOLOGY ACQUISITION CORP. II 

By: 
 /s/ Isabelle Freidheim 

Name: 
 Isabelle Freidheim 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ea021745501ex31-1_athena2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a)
AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Isabelle Freidheim, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Athena Technology Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 31, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Isabelle Freidheim 

Name: 
 Isabelle Freidheim 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ea021745501ex31-2_athena2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jennifer Calabrese, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Athena Technology Acquisition Corp. II; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in
Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: October 31, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Jennifer Calabrese 

Name: 
 Jennifer Calabrese 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ea021745501ex32-1_athena2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of
Athena Technology Acquisition Corp. II (the Company for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2024, as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission (the Report on the date hereof, the undersigned officer of the Company certifies, pursuant to 18
U.S.C. 1350, as adopted by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to such officer s knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: October 31, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Isabelle Freidheim 

Name: 
 Isabelle Freidheim 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ea021745501ex32-2_athena2.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF
FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C.
SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the quarterly report of Athena
Technology Acquisition Corp. II (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended March 31, 2024, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report on the date hereof, the undersigned officer of the Company certifies,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted by 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to such officer s knowledge: 

1. The
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. The
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: October 31, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Jennifer Calabrese 

Name: 
 Jennifer Calabrese 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 
(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 atek-20240331.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 atek-20240331_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 atek-20240331_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 atek-20240331_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 atek-20240331_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

