<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1873875_0001213900-24-098421.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3279854</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>76643</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>863398</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>608349</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>801390</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>864971</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-098421.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114160556
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-098421
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		68
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Incannex Healthcare Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001873875
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	03 Life Sciences
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			C3
		FISCAL YEAR END:			0630

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41106
		FILM NUMBER:		241461944

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 DOCKLANDS DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 15, LEVEL 12
		CITY:			DOCKLANDS, VICTORIA
		STATE:			C3
		ZIP:			3008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		61 409 840 786

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		401 DOCKLANDS DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 15, LEVEL 12
		CITY:			DOCKLANDS, VICTORIA
		STATE:			C3
		ZIP:			3008

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Incannex Healthcare Ltd
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210720

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-098421.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 ea0221003-10q_incannex.htm
 QUARTERLY REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM___________ TO__________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its
Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , 
 Not applicable (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports
required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter
period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the
preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated
filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth
company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant
has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as
defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November12 2024, the registrant had shares of common
stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 1 

Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 1 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations and Comprehensive Loss 
 2 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 3 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
 Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 
 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
 Risk 
 21 
 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 21 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 23 

Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 23 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 23 
 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
 Proceeds 
 23 
 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 23 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 23 
 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 23 
 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 24 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 25 

i 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q (this Quarterly
Report contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section
21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, adopted pursuant to the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All
statements other than statements of historical facts contained in this Quarterly Report, including statements regarding our future results
of operations or financial condition, business strategy and plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking
statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements because they contain words such as anticipate, believe, 
 contemplate, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, 
 may, plan, potential, predict, project, should, target, 
 will or would or the negative of these words or other similar terms or expressions. These forward-looking
statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning the following: 

our ability to implement our product development and business
strategies, including our ability to continue to pursue development pathways and regulatory strategies for IHL-42X, PSX-001, and IHL-675A
and any of our other drug candidates; 

our ability to implement
our product development and business strategies, including our ability to continue to pursue development pathways and regulatory strategies
for IHL-42X, PSX-001, and IHL-675A and any of our other drug candidates; 

estimates regarding market size and related future
growth rates; 

our research and development R D activities, including clinical testing and manufacturing and the related costs and timing; 

the possibility that we may be required to conduct
additional clinical studies or trials for our drug candidates and the consequences resulting from the delay in obtaining necessary regulatory
approvals; 

the timing, scope or likelihood of regulatory
filings and approvals and our ability to obtain and maintain regulatory approvals for our drug candidates for any indication; 

the pricing, coverage and reimbursement of our
drug candidates, if approved and commercialized; 

the rate and degree of market acceptance and
clinical utility of our drug candidates; 

our expectations around feedback from and discussions
with regulators, regulatory development paths and with respect to Controlled Substances Act designation; 

our ability to maintain effective patent rights
and other intellectual property protection for our drug candidates, and to prevent competitors from using technologies we consider important
to the successful development and commercialization of our drug candidates; 

our estimates regarding expenses, revenues, financial
performance and capital requirements, including the length of time our capital resources will sustain our operations; 

our ability to commercialize drug candidates
and to generate revenues; 

our financial condition, including our ability
to obtain the funding necessary to advance the development of our drug candidates and our ability to continue as a going concern; 

our ability to comply with the provisions and
requirements of our debt arrangements and to pay amounts owed, including any amounts that may be accelerated; 

ii 

our ability to retain and attract qualified employees,
directors, consultants and advisors; 

our ability to continue to comply with applicable
privacy laws and protect confidential information from security breaches; 

how recent and potential future changes in healthcare
policy could negatively impact our business and financial condition; 

the extent to which global economic and political
developments, including existing regional conflicts, pandemics, natural disasters, and the indirect and/or long-term impact of inflation,
will affect our business operations, clinical trials, or financial condition; and 

any statement of assumptions underlying any of
the foregoing. 

You should not rely on forward-looking statements
as predictions of future events. We have based the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report primarily on our current
expectations and projections about future events and trends that we believe may affect our business, financial condition and operating
results. The outcome of the events described in these forward-looking statements is subject to risks, uncertainties and other factors
described in the section titled Risk Factors previously disclosed in Item IA in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed
with the SEC on September 30, 2024 (the 2024 Annual Report ). Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing
environment. New risks and uncertainties emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all risks and uncertainties
that could have an impact on the forward-looking statements contained in this Quarterly Report. The results, events and circumstances
reflected in the forward-looking statements may not be achieved or occur, and actual results, events or circumstances could differ materially
from those described in the forward-looking statements. 

In addition, statements that we believe 
and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based on information available to
us as of the date of this Quarterly Report and, while we believe that information provides a reasonable basis for these statements, that
information may be limited or incomplete. Our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into,
or review of, all relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain, and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely on these
statements. 

The forward-looking statements made in this Quarterly
Report relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking
statements made in this Quarterly Report to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this Quarterly Report or to reflect new
information or the occurrence of unanticipated events, except as required by law. We may not actually achieve the plans, intentions or
expectations disclosed in our forward-looking statements, and you should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. Our
forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, mergers, dispositions, joint ventures or investments. 

We may announce material business and financial
information to our investors using our investor relations website (https://www.incannex.com/investors/). We therefore encourage investors
and others interested in our company to review the information that we make available on our website. Our website and information included
in or linked to our website are not part of this Quarterly Report. 

iii 

PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 

INCANNEX HEALTHCARE INC. 

Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 

(unaudited) 

(in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

(expressed
in U.S. Dollars, unless otherwise stated) 

September 30, 2024 
 June 30, 2024 
 
 Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Research and Development R D tax incentive receivable 

Total current assets 

Property, plant and equipment, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Trade and other payables 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current 

Total current liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, non-current 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 8) 

Stockholders equity: 

Common Stock, par value per share shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively 

Preferred Stock, par value per share, shares authorized; no shares issued or outstanding at September 30, 2024 and June 30, 2024, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Foreign currency translation reserve 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

1 

INCANNEX HEALTHCARE INC. 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations
and Comprehensive Loss 

(unaudited) 

(in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

(expressed
in U.S. Dollars, unless otherwise stated) 

For the three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Revenue from customers 
 
 -

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income, net: 

R D tax incentive 

Foreign exchange gains/(losses) 

Interest income 

Total other income, net 

Loss before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 
 -
 
 -

Net loss 

Other comprehensive income/(loss): 

Currency translation adjustment, net of tax 

Total comprehensive loss 

Net loss per share: Basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

2 

INCANNEX HEALTHCARE INC. 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholders 
Equity (Deficit) 

(unaudited) 

(in thousands, except share amounts) 

(expressed
in U.S. Dollars, unless otherwise stated) 

Common Stock 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Foreign currency translation reserve 
 Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Share 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 

# 

Balance at June 30, 2024 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Currency translation adjustment, net of tax 

Balance at 30 September, 2024 

Common Stock 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Foreign currency translation reserve 
 Total Stockholders Equity (Deficit) 

Share 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 
 Amount 

# 

Balance at June 30, 2023 

Stock-based compensation 

Net loss 

Currency translation adjustment, net of tax 

Balance at 30 September 2023 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

3 

INCANNEX HEALTHCARE INC. 

Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

(unaudited) 

(in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

(expressed
in U.S. Dollars, unless otherwise stated) 

For the three months ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Share-based compensation expense 

Repayment of lease liabilities 

Unrealized loss on foreign currency remeasurement 

Change in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

R D tax incentive 

Trade and other payables 

Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of property, plant and equipment 
 -

Net cash used in investing activities 
 -

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Repayment of lease liabilities 
 
 -

Net cash provided by financing activities 
 
 -

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these condensed consolidated financial statements. 

4 

INCANNEX HEALTHCARE INC. 

Notes To Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial
Statements 
(in thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

(expressed
in U.S. Dollars, unless otherwise stated) 

ordinary shares of Incannex Australia, traded on Nasdaq. Following completion of the
Re-domiciliation, Incannex Australia s ordinary shares were delisted from the ASX and Incannex Healthcare Inc. assumed Incannex
Australia s listing on Nasdaq. 

Pursuant to the Re-domiciliation,
holders of Incannex Australia s ordinary shares received share of common stock in Incannex Healthcare Inc. for every ordinary
shares held in Incannex Australia and holders of ADSs in Incannex Australia received share of common stock of Incannex Healthcare
Inc. for every 4 ADSs held in Incannex Australia. 

The issued and outstanding
shares of the Company s common stock as shown in this report have been adjusted in the consolidated financial statements to reflect
the 100:1 exchange ratio as if it had occurred on July 1, 2022. 

Incannex Healthcare Inc.
and its subsidiaries are referred to as the Company unless the text otherwise requires. 

The Company s fiscal
year end is June 30. References to a particular fiscal year are to the Company s fiscal year ended June 30 of that
calendar year. 

Incannex Pty Ltd Psychennex Pty Ltd APIRx Pharmaceutical USA, LLC APIRx Pharmaceuticals Holding BV Clarion Clinics Group Pty Ltd Clarion Model Clinic Pty Ltd Psychennex Licensing and Franchising Pty Ltd 

5 

Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies (continued) 

6 

Note 2
 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

7 

GST recoverable 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Due to multiple years of tax incentives being granted
and successful lodgment of overseas findings on the Company s lead assets, the Company changed its estimates for the R D tax
incentive receivable, primarily based on historical experience of claims. 

Assets under construction 
 -
 
 -

Total property, plant and equipment, gross 

Accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Total property, plant and equipment, net 

Depreciation expense is recorded within general
and administrative in the unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss and amounted to and
 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 

Contract liabilities 

Total trade and other payables 

Accrued expenses 

Employee leave entitlements 

Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Total Trade and other payables, accrued expenses and other current liabilities 

Trade and other payables are unsecured, non-interest
bearing and are normally settled within 30 days. The carrying amounts are a reasonable approximation of fair value. 

8 

Discount rate 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement
of operating lease liabilities during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and fiscal year June 30, 2024 was and ,
respectively, and was included within net cash used in operating activities in the cash flows. 

June 30, 2026 

June 30, 2027 

June 30, 2028 

Total minimum lease payments 

Less amount representing interest 

Total operating lease liabilities 

As of September 30, 2024, the Company s operating
lease has a weighted-average remaining lease term of years and a discount rate of . 

9 

authorized shares of common stock with a par value of per share, with vote per share.
Holders of common stock are entitled to receive any dividends as may be declared from time to time by the Company s board of directors. 

On November 28, 2023, the Company effected the
Re-domiciliation. All references in these unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements to the Company s outstanding common
stock, including per share information, have been retrospectively adjusted to reflect this Re-domiciliation. 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

Restricted stock units 

Granted 

Vested 

Forfeited 
 -
 
 -

Unvested and Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 

10 

Note 10 Stock-based payments (continued) 

-
 Granted -
 -
 - -
 Exercised -
 -
 - -
 Cancelled or forfeited -
 -
 -
 -
 Outstanding as of September 30, 2024 -
 Unvested as of September 30, 2024 -

The aggregate intrinsic value of share options
is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the share options and the fair value of the Company s shares of common
stock for those share options that had exercise prices lower than the fair value of the Company s shares of common stock. 

As of September 30, 2024, there was of
unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested share options, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of
 years. 

The loss and weighted average number of common stock used in the calculation of basic loss per share is as follows: 

Total comprehensive loss for the year (in thousands) 

- Weighted average number of common stock (number) 

The Company notes that the
diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share. 

11 

million (the Loan Facility ). On October 10, 2024, the Company received
approximately million as the initial drawdown amount, after deducting certain fees payable by the Company under the Facility Agreement.
The Loan Facility has a term of 12 months from the date of the initial drawdown (the Final Repayment Date ). Interest under
the Loan Facility will accrue at the rate of per annum and is payable on the last date of each calendar month and on the Final Repayment
Date. 

This facility provides the Company with immediate
access to funds based on research and development expenses incurred during the 2023 and 2024 financial years, aligning with the end of
the Australian financial year. The Research and Development Tax Incentive RDTI program is a key program under the Australian
government's innovation framework, designed to encourage companies to undertake research and development activities that benefit Australia.
It offers a tax rebate, currently at , for eligible research and development expenses, allowing companies to recoup almost half
of their research and development spending. 

Equity Line of Credit Agreement 

On September 6, 2024, the Company entered into
an equity line of credit Purchase Agreement (the ELOC Purchase Agreement with Arena Business Solutions Global SPC II, Ltd Arena Global ). Under the ELOC Purchase Agreement, Arena Global has committed to purchase up to million of common stock
(the ELOC Shares ), at the Company s direction from time to time, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in
the ELOC Purchase Agreement. In connection with the ELOC Purchase Agreement the Company agreed, among other things to issue to Arena Global,
as a commitment fee (the Commitment Shares ), that number of shares of common stock equal to divided by the simple
average of the daily volume weighted average price of common stock during the five trading days immediately preceding the effectiveness
of a shelf registration statement on Form S-3 on which the estimated number of shares of the Company s common stock
are registered. 

As additional consideration for Arena Global s
execution and delivery of the ELOC Purchase Agreement, the Company issued on October 31, 2024, a five-year warrant exercisable for 
shares of common stock (the ELOC Warrant Shares with an exercise price equal to per share. 

12 

Note 14
 Subsequent Events (continued) 

shares of common stock, including up to 
shares of common stock for issuances to be made under the ELOC Purchase Agreement, up to Commitment Shares, and up to 
ELOC Warrant Shares. 

First Tranche Debenture 

On October 17, 2024, the Company completed the
closing of the first tranche for the issuance of a original issue discount secured convertible debenture (the First Tranche
Debenture in the principal amount of at an aggregate purchase price of million, with original issue discount
and payment-in-kind interest rate at , to Arena Special Opportunities (Offshore) Master II LP Arena Opportunities pursuant
to the Securities Purchase Agreement, dated September 6, 2024 (the September 2024 Purchase Agreement ), by and between the
Company and Arena Investors, LP Arena Investors ). The First Tranche Debenture matures on April 14, 2026. In addition, the
Company issued a warrant to Arena Investors exercisable for up to shares of common stock (the First Tranche Warrant ).
The exercise price of the First Tranche Warrant is per share. 

The net proceeds received from the issuance of
the First Tranche Debenture, after deduction of expenses reimbursable to the Arena Investors, amounted to . 

Pursuant to the September 2024 Purchase Agreement,
the Company and Arena Opportunities entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant
to which the Company agreed to file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3 after the closing of each tranche of the debenture
to register for resale the shares of common stock issued upon conversion of the applicable debenture and the shares issuable upon exercise
of any warrants issued in the applicable closing, within 20 calendar days after the closing date of the first tranche (the Filing
Deadline and to have such registration statement declared effective within 60 days after the Filing Deadline (or in the event
of full review by the SEC, within 90 calendar days after the Filing Deadline). On November 6, 2024, the Company filed with the SEC the
Resale Registration Statement, registering for resale up to shares of common stock, including up to shares of common
stock issuable upon conversion of the First Tranche Debenture and up to shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the
First Tranche Warrant. 

In addition, pursuant to the September 2024 Purchase
Agreement, the Company; Incannex Healthcare Pty Ltd, Incannex Pty Ltd and Psychennex Pty Ltd (the Subsidiaries and Arena
Opportunities entered into a security agreement effective as of October 14, 2024 (the Security Agreement ), pursuant to which
the Company (i) pledged the equity interests in the Subsidiaries and (ii) granted to Arena Opportunities a security interest in, among
other items, all of the Company s owned assets, whether currently owned or later acquired, and all proceeds therefrom (the Assets ),
as set forth in the Security Agreement. In addition, the Company s subsidiary, Incannex Healthcare Pty Ltd (IHPL) entered into a
patent security agreement (the Patent Security Agreement and a trademark security agreement (the Trademark Security
Agreement ), each effective as of October 14, 2024, pursuant to which IHPL granted to the investors a security interest in its patents,
patent applications, and all proceeds therefrom and a security interest in its trademarks, trademark applications, and all proceeds therefrom,
respectively. In addition, pursuant to the Security Agreement, the Subsidiaries granted to Arena Opportunities a security interest in
its Assets and, pursuant to a Subsidiary Guarantee effective as of October 14, 2024 (the Subsidiary Guarantee ), jointly
and severally agreed to guarantee and act as surety for the Company s obligation to repay the September 2024 Debentures and other
obligations under the other transaction documents. 

13 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction
with the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included elsewhere in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q
(this Quarterly Report ). This Quarterly Report contains forward-looking statements. This discussion and analysis contain
forward looking statements and involves numerous risks and uncertainties, including, but not limited to, those described in the Risk
Factors section in our Annual Report on Form 10-K, as filed with the SEC on September 30, 2024 (the 2024 Annual Report and this Quarterly Report. We caution the reader not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which reflect management s
analysis only as of the date of this Quarterly Report. We undertake no obligation to update forward-looking statements, which reflect
events or circumstances occurring after the date of this Quarterly Report. 

Our accounting policies under U.S. GAAP are referred
to in Note 1 of the unaudited condensed consolidated financial statements in this Quarterly Report. All amounts are in United States dollars,
unless otherwise indicated. 

Overview 

We are a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical development
company dedicated to developing innovative medicines for patients living with serious chronic diseases and significant unmet needs. Our
lead drug candidates, which are currently in Phase 2/3 and Phase 2 clinical developments, include IHL-42X for the treatment of OSA; PSX-001,
our psilocybin treatment in combination with psychological therapy in development to treat patients with GAD; and IHL-675A for rheumatoid
arthritis. Each of these programs target conditions that currently have limited, inadequate, or no approved pharmaceutical treatment options. 

Recent Developments 

Equity-Line of Credit Purchase
Agreement 

On September 6, 2024, we entered into an equity
line of credit Purchase Agreement (the ELOC Purchase Agreement with Arena Business Solutions Global SPC II, Ltd Arena
Global ). Under the ELOC Purchase Agreement Arena Global has committed to purchase up to 50 million of our common stock par value
 0.0001 per share, at our direction from time to time, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions in the ELOC Purchase Agreement. The
purchase price per share of our common stock is obtained by multiplying by 96 the daily volume weighted average price VWAP on The Nasdaq Global Market Nasdaq for the trading day specified in the sale notice (same trading day or one trading day
following such notice) delivered to Arena Global. The ELOC Purchase Agreement will terminate automatically upon the earliest to occur
of (i) the first day of the month next following the 36-month anniversary of the date of the ELOC Purchase Agreement; or (ii) the date
on which Arena Global shall have purchased shares of our common stock under the ELOC Purchase Agreement for an aggregate gross purchase
price equal to the Commitment Amount (as defined in the ELOC Purchase Agreement). In connection with the ELOC Purchase Agreement we agreed,
among other things to issue to Arena Global, as a commitment fee, that number of shares of our common stock equal to 250,000 divided by
the simple average of the daily VWAP of our common stock during the five trading days immediately preceding the effectiveness of a shelf 
registration statement on Form S-3 on which the estimated number of shares of our common stock are registered. As additional consideration
for Arena Global s execution and delivery of the ELOC Purchase Agreement, we issued on October 31, 2024, a five-year warrant (the
 ELOC Warrant exercisable for 585,000 shares of our common stock with an exercise price equal to 1.66 per share. However,
we may not sell common stock to Arena Global under the ELOC Purchase Agreement if (i) a shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 that
registers the common stock issuable under the ELOC Purchase Agreement has not been declared effective by the SEC; (ii) the number of shares
of our common stock issuable to Arena Global pursuant to a sale notice causes the aggregate number of shares of our common stock beneficially
owned by Arena Global and its affiliates would exceed 9.99 of the number of shares of our common stock then outstanding; (iii) the Shareholder
Approval (as defined in the ELOC Purchase Agreement) to issue Common Stock in excess of the Exchange Cap (a cap limiting the issuance
of shares pursuant to the ELOC Purchase Agreement and ELOC Warrant to 19.99 of the Company s issued and outstanding shares on the
date of the ELOC Purchase Agreement (3,526,802 shares of Common Stock) to the extent such prior stockholder approval would be required
for compliance with the rules and regulations of Nasdaq); or (iv) such sale of shares of our common stock would exceed, during any 12-month
period, one-third of the Company s public float under the SEC s baby shelf rule for SEC-registered transactions
by an issuer with a public float under 75 million when using a shelf registration statement on Form S-3. On November 6,
2024, we filed a registration statement on Form S-3 (333-283025) registering for resale up to 61,389,758 shares of our common stock (the
 Resale Registration Statement ), including the issuances to be made under the ELOC Purchase Agreement. 

14 

Convertible Debenture Financing 

On September 6, 2024, we entered into that certain
Securities Purchase Agreement (the September 2024 Purchase Agreement with Arena Investors, LP Arena Investors pursuant to which we will issue secured convertible debentures in an aggregate principal amount
of up to 10 million at an aggregate purchase price of up to 9 million, divided into three separate tranches that are each subject to
closing conditions, with a 10 original issue discount (the September 2024 Debentures . The conversion price of each
September 2024 Debenture would be equal to 115 of the closing price of our common stock on the trading day preceding the date of the
issuance of the respective September 2024 Debenture, subject to adjustments related to the trading price of our common stock on Nasdaq. 

Pursuant to the September 2024 Purchase Agreement, we and certain of
our subsidiaries (the Subsidiaries and Arena Special Opportunities (Offshore) Master II LP Arena Opportunities entered into a security agreement effective as of October 14, 2024 (the Security Agreement ), pursuant to which we (i) pledged
the equity interests in the Subsidiaries and (ii) granted to Arena Opportunities a security interest in, among other items, all of our
owned assets, whether currently owned or later acquired, and all proceeds therefrom (the Assets ), as set forth in the Security
Agreement. In addition, our Subsidiary, Incannex Healthcare Pty Ltd (IHPL) entered into a patent security agreement (the Patent
Security Agreement and a trademark security agreement (the Trademark Security Agreement ), each effective as of October
14, 2024, pursuant to which IHPL granted to the investors a security interest in its patents, patent applications, and all proceeds therefrom
and a security interest in its trademarks, trademark applications, and all proceeds therefrom, respectively. In addition, pursuant to
the Security Agreement, the Subsidiaries granted to Arena Opportunities a security interest in its Assets and, pursuant to a Subsidiary
Guarantee effective as of October 14, 2024 (the Subsidiary Guarantee ), jointly and severally agreed to guarantee and
act as surety for our obligation to repay the Debentures and other obligations under the other transaction documents. 

As additional consideration for the Purchaser s
purchase of each September 2024 Debenture, we will issue a warrant (a September 2024 Debenture Warrant ), with a five year
expiration, each exercisable for number of shares of our common stock equal to 25 of the total principal amount of the related September
2024 September 2024 Debenture purchased by the Purchaser on the applicable closing date divided by 115 of the closing price of our common
stock on the trading day immediately preceding such closing date. We are not obligated to issue a September 2024 Debenture Warrant with
respect to any September 2024 Debenture tranche that does not close. The exercise price of each September 2024 Debenture Warrant will
be 115 of the closing price of our common stock on its issuance date. 

We must register the shares of our common stock
issuable upon conversion of the September 2024 Debentures and exercise of the September 2024 Debenture Warrants. However, the issuance
of the common stock underlying the September 2024 Debenture and the September 2024 Debenture Warrants are subject to stockholder approval
to the extent the issuance would exceed 19.99 of the number of shares of our common stock outstanding as of the date of the September
2024 Purchase Agreement. 

As described in Note 16 of the Financial Statements
included in this Quarterly Report, on October 17, 2024, we completed the closing of the first tranche for the issuance of a 10 original
issue discount secured convertible debenture (the First Tranche Debenture in the principal amount of 3,333,333 at an aggregate
purchase price of 3 million, with 10 original issue discount and payment-in-kind interest rate at 5 , to Arena Opportunities pursuant
to the September 2024 Purchase Agreement. The First Tranche Debenture matures on April 14, 2026. In addition, we issued a warrant to Arena
Investors exercisable for up to 453,749 shares of common stock (the First Tranche Warrant ). The exercise price of the First
Tranche Warrant is 1.89 per share. 

The net proceeds received from the issuance of
the First Tranche Debenture, after deduction of expenses reimbursable to the Arena Investors, was 2,877,588. 

15 

Pursuant to the September 2024 Purchase Agreement,
we and Arena Opportunities entered into a registration rights agreement (the Registration Rights Agreement ), pursuant to
which we agreed to file with the SEC a registration statement on Form S-3 after the closing of each tranche of the debenture to register
for resale the shares of common stock issued upon conversion of the applicable debenture and the shares issuable upon exercise of any
warrants issued in the applicable closing, within 20 calendar days after the closing date of the first tranche (the Filing Deadline and to have such registration statement declared effective within 60 days after the Filing Deadline (or in the event of full review by
the SEC, within 90 calendar days after the Filing Deadline). On November 6, 2024, we filed with the SEC the Resale Registration Statement,
registering for resale up to 61,389,758 shares of common stock, including up to 10,101,009 shares of common stock issuable upon conversion
of the First Tranche Debenture and up to 453,749 shares of common stock issuable upon the exercise of the First Tranche Warrant. 

Facility Agreement 

On October 9, 2024, we entered into a Facility
Agreement (the Facility Agreement with FC Credit Pty Ltd FC Credit ), pursuant to which FC Credit will provide
a term loan facility for up to 4.7 million (the Loan Facility ). On October 10, 2024, we received approximately 4.6 million
as the initial drawdown amount, after deducting certain fees payable by us under the Facility Agreement. The Loan Facility has a term
of 12 months from the date of the initial drawdown (the Final Repayment Date ). Interest under the Loan Facility will accrue
at the rate of 14.5 per annum and is payable on the last date of each calendar month and on the Final Repayment Date. 

This facility provides us with immediate access
to funds based on research and development expenses incurred during the 2023 and 2024 financial years, aligning with the end of the Australian
financial year. The Research and Development Tax Incentive RDTI program is a key program under the Australian government's
innovation framework, designed to encourage companies to undertake research and development activities that benefit Australia. It offers
a tax rebate, currently at 48.5 , for eligible research and development expenses, allowing companies to recoup almost half of their research
and development spending. 

Results of Operations 

Comparison of the Three Months
Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 

The following tables summarize our results of
operations for the periods presented (in thousands): 

For the Three Months Ended
 
 September 30 

2024 
 2023 
 Change 
 Change 
 
 Revenue from customers 
 74 
 - 
 74 
 - 
 
 Operating expenses: 

Research and development 
 (2,896 
 (2,608 
 288 
 11 
 
 General and administrative 
 (3,432 
 (2,284 
 1,148 
 50 
 
 Total operating expenses 
 (6,328 
 (4,892 
 1,436 
 29 
 
 Loss from operations 
 (6,254 
 (4,892 
 1,362 
 28 
 
 Other income/(expense): 

Benefit from R D tax credit 
 811 
 4,097 
 (3,286 
 -80 
 
 Foreign exchange gains (losses) 
 (5 
 (2 
 3 
 150 
 
 Interest income 
 28 
 71 
 (43 
 -61 
 
 Total other income/(expense), net 
 834 
 4,166 
 (3,332 
 -80 
 
 Currency translation adjustment, net of tax 
 339 
 (510 
 849 
 166 
 
 Comprehensive loss 
 (5,081 
 (1,236 
 3,845 
 311 

16 

Revenue from Customers 

We have generated revenue from clinic patients
on rehabilitation services which reflects the consideration to which the Company expects to be entitled in exchange for those services
for the three months ended September 30, 2024. We have not generated any revenue from the sale of products. We do not expect to generate
material revenues unless and until our drug candidates are approved. 

Operating Expenses 

Research and development 

Research and development expenses consist primarily
of external and internal costs incurred in performing clinical and preclinical development activities. 

Our R D expenses include: 

external
costs incurred under agreements with CROs, contract manufacturers, consultants and other third parties to conduct and support our clinical
trials and preclinical studies; and 

internal
costs, including R D personnel-related expenses such as salaries, and benefits, as well as allocated facilities costs and dues and
subscriptions. 

We expense research and development costs as incurred. 

Research and development expenses increased by
 0.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was primarily
due to the commencement of a BA/BE clinical trial investigating IHL-42X in healthy volunteers, a Phase 2 clinical trial investigating
IHL-675A in patients with rheumatoid arthritis, and a Phase 2/3 clinical trial investigating IHL-42X in patients with obstructive sleep
apnea. 

Although research and development activities are
central to our business model, the successful development of our drug candidates is highly uncertain. There are numerous factors associated
with the successful development of our drug candidates, including future trial design and various regulatory requirements, many of which
cannot be determined with accuracy at this time based on our stage of development. In addition, future regulatory factors beyond our control
may impact our clinical development programs. Drug candidates in later stages of clinical development generally have higher development
costs than those in earlier stages of clinical development, primarily due to the increased size and duration of later stage clinical trials.
As a result, we expect our research and development expenses will increase substantially in connection with our ongoing and planned clinical
and preclinical development activities in the near term and in the future to the extent our development activities are successful. At
this time, we cannot accurately estimate or know the nature, timing and costs of the efforts that will be necessary to complete the preclinical
and clinical development of our drug candidates. Our research and development expenses have varied, and our future research and development
expenses may vary, significantly based on a wide variety of factors such as: 

the number and scope, rate of progress, expense and results of our clinical trials and preclinical studies, including any modifications to clinical development plans based on feedback that we may receive from regulatory authorities; 

per patient trial costs; 

the number of trials required for approval; 

the number of sites included in the trials; 

17 

the countries in which the trials are conducted; 

the length of time required to enroll eligible patients; 

the number of patients that participate in the trials; 

the number of doses that patients receive; 

the drop-out or discontinuation rates of patients; 

the potential additional safety monitoring requested by regulatory agencies; 

the duration of patient participation in the trials and follow-up; 

the cost and timing of manufacturing of our drug candidates; 

the costs, if any, of obtaining third-party drugs for use in our combination trials; 

the extent of changes in government regulation and regulatory guidance; 

the efficacy and safety profile of our drug candidates; 

the timing, receipt, and terms of any approvals from applicable regulatory authorities; and 

the extent to which we establish additional collaboration, license, or other arrangements. 

A change in the outcome of any of these variables
with respect to the development of our drug candidates could significantly change the costs and timing associated with the development
of that drug candidate. We may never succeed in obtaining regulatory approval for any drug candidate. 

General and Administrative 

General and administrative expenses consist primarily
of personnel-related expenses finance and accounting, human resources and other administrative functions, including salaries, stock-based
compensation and benefits for employees, legal fees, expenses relating to patent and corporate matters and professional fees paid for
accounting, auditing, consulting and tax services, as well as facilities-related costs not otherwise included in research and development
expenses and other costs such as insurance costs and travel expenses. 

General and administrative expenses increased by
 1.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was due
to increase of 0.6 million in salaries, and other employee benefits (from 0.9 million to 1.5 million) as a result of the issuance of
restricted stock to our directors, 0.3 million in compliance, legal and regulatory services as a result of increased legal costs to implement
our re-domiciliation (from 0.8 million to 1.1 million), 52,000 in depreciation expenses and 60,000 in advertising and investor relations
expense. 

We anticipate our general and administrative expenses
will increase substantially in the future as we expand our operations, including increasing our headcount to support our continued research
and development activities and preparing for potential commercialization of our drug candidates. We also anticipate we will incur increased
accounting, audit, legal, regulatory, compliance, director and officer insurance, and investor and public relations expenses associated
with operating as a U.S. public company. 

18 

Other Income (Expense) 

Benefit from R D tax credit 

We receive tax incentives
from the Australian government for research and development activities. Subject to certain exclusions, the Australian Government tax incentives
provide benefits for eligible research and development activities. Entities are entitled to either (i) a 48.5 refundable tax
offset for eligible companies with an aggregated turnover of less than A 20 million per annum or (ii) a non-refundable 38.5 
tax offset for all other eligible companies. Our aggregated turnover is less than A 20 million and not be controlled by one or more
income tax exempt entities, we anticipate being entitled to a claim of 48.5 refundable tax offset for costs relating to eligible research
and development activities during the year. 

Benefit from R D tax credit decreased by 3.3
million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decreasewas due to a
decrease in the R D tax credit received from the Australian Taxation Office for our research and clinical trials activities in Australia
following finalization of the fiscal year 2023 Australian tax return. 

Foreign exchange losses and Interest Income 

Foreign exchange losses increased by 3,000 for
the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023, due to unfavorable currency exchange
rates, and interest income decreased by 43,000 due to a decrease in interest received from cash deposited in our bank accounts as a result
of a decrease in the cash deposited. 

Currency translation adjustment, net of tax 

Currency translation adjustment, net of tax increased
by 0.8 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The increase was
due to the appreciation of the Australian dollar against the U.S. dollar. We maintain our consolidated financial statements in Australian
dollar, which is our functional currency. However, our financial statements are translated into US dollars for reporting purposes. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

Sources of Liquidity 

We have incurred net losses
since inception and expect to incur substantial and increasing losses in the future as we expand our R D activities in an effort to
move our drug candidates into later stages of development. Historically, we have funded our operations primarily through the sale of equity
securities, proceeds from the exercise of options, tax grants from R D activities and interest income. 

We incurred total comprehensive
losses of 5.1 million and 1.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and three months ended September 30, 2023, respectively.
We incurred net losses of 5.4 million and 0.7 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and three months ended September
30, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, we had accumulated deficit of 116.1 million. 

As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash
equivalents of 3.6 million. We expect our negative cash flows from operating activities to continue and thus have determined that the
losses and negative cash flows from operations and uncertainty in generating sufficient cash to meet our obligations and sustain our operations
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern for at least one year from the issuance date of the financial
statements included in this Quarterly Report. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we experienced net cash used in operating activities of 2.5 million, a decrease of 3.2 million compared to the three months ended September
30, 2023. As of September 30, 2024, we had cash and cash equivalents of 3.6 million, a decrease of 2.2 million compared to our cash
and cash equivalents as of June 30, 2024 of 5.9 million. As of September 30, 2024, our current assets exceed our current liabilities
by 6.0 million, a 4.6 million decrease compared to the difference between our current assets and current liabilities as of June 30,
2024 of 11.4 million. 

Going Concern 

Refer to Note 2 Basis of Presentation and Summary of Significant
Accounting Policies Going Concern Basis 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We did not have, during the periods presented,
and we do not currently have, any off-balance sheet arrangements, as defined in the rules and regulations of the SEC. 

19 

Cash Flows 

Comparison of cash flows for the for the three months ended September
30, 2024 and three months ended September 30, 2023 

The following table summarizes our
cash flows for the periods presented (in thousands): 

For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 
 Net cash used in operating activities 
 (2,192 
 (5,724 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 - 
 (221 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 (52 
 - 
 
 Net (decrease)/increase in cash 
 (2,231 
 (5,970 

Net cash flows from operating activities 

Cash used in operating activities decreased by
 3.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due
to a decrease in in R D tax incentive received (from 4.1 to 0.7 million). 

Net cash flows from investing activities 

Cash used in investing activities decreased by
 0.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease was due
to no spending on property, plant and equipment. 

Cash flows from financing activities

Cash used in financing activities decreased by
 0.05 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the three months ended September 30, 2023. 

Critical Accounting Policies and
Estimates 

Our management s discussion and analysis
of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements as
of September 30, 2024, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles U.S. GAAP ).
The preparation of these unaudited interim condensed consolidated financial statements requires our management to make judgments and estimates
that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, costs and expenses, and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities during
the reporting periods. We base our estimates on historical experience, known trends and events, and various other factors we believe are
reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities
that are not readily apparent from other sources. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may
differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

While our significant accounting policies are described
in more detail in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K, we believe
the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

20 

Stock Based Compensation 

We account for stock-based compensation arrangements
with employees and non-employees using a fair value method which requires the recognition of compensation expense for costs related to
all stock-based payments including share options. The fair value method requires us to estimate the fair value of stock-based payment
awards on the date of grant using an option-pricing model. We use either the trinomial pricing or Black-Scholes option-pricing model to
estimate the fair value of options granted. Stock-based compensation awards are expensed using the graded vesting method over the requisite
service period, which is generally the vesting period, for each separately vesting tranche. We have elected a policy of estimating forfeitures
at grant date. Option valuation models, including the trinomial pricing and Black-Scholes option-pricing model, require the input of several
assumptions. These inputs are subjective and generally require significant analysis and judgment to develop. 

Research and development Costs 

Research and development costs are expensed as
incurred. Research and development costs consist of salaries, benefits and other personnel related costs including equity-based compensation
expense, laboratory supplies, preclinical studies, clinical trials and related clinical manufacturing costs, costs related to manufacturing
preparations, fees paid to other entities to conduct certain research and development activities on our behalf and allocated facility
and other related costs. 

Nonrefundable advance payments for goods or services
that will be used or rendered for future research and development activities are deferred and capitalized as prepaid expenses until the
related goods are delivered or services are performed. 

We record accrued liabilities for estimated costs
of research and development activities conducted by third-party service providers, which include the conduct of preclinical studies and
clinical trials, and contract manufacturing activities. We record the estimated costs of research and development activities based upon
the estimated amount of services provided but not yet invoiced and includes these costs in trade and other payables on the consolidated
balance sheets and within research and development expenses on the consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss. 

We accrue for these costs based on factors such
as estimates of the work completed and in accordance with agreements established with its third-party service providers. We make significant
judgments and estimates in determining the accrued liabilities balance at the end of each reporting period. As actual costs become known,
we adjust our accrued liabilities. We have not experienced any material differences between accrued costs and actual costs incurred. 

Benefit from R D Tax Incentive 

Benefit from R D tax credit consists of the
R D tax credit received in Australia, which is recorded within other income (expense), net. The Company recognizes grants once both
of the following conditions are met: (i) the Company is able to comply with the relevant conditions of the grant and (ii) the grant is
received. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative
Disclosures About Market Risk 

As a smaller
reporting company (as defined by Item 10 of Regulation S-K), we are permitted to omit information required by this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and
Procedures 

We maintain disclosure
controls and procedures (as that term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure
that information required to be disclosed in our reports under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within
the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management,
including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely
decisions regarding required disclosures. Any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable
assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, has evaluated, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report, the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded
that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective at the reasonable assurance level due to the
material weakness in internal control over financial reporting which existed as of September 30, 2024, relating to the documentation of
accounting policies and procedures, particularly relating to the correct application of complex accounting measures as previously reported
in our 2024 Annual Report. 

21 

A material weakness is
defined as a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable
possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis.
Management has concluded that we did not maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures due to the material weakness in internal
control over financial reporting which existed as of September 30, 2024, relating to the documentation of accounting policies and procedures,
particularly relating to the correct application of complex accounting measures. 

Remediation Efforts 

The measures that we are
undertaking to remediate the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting have and will include: (a) hiring qualified
internal control personnel or consultants to manage the implementation of internal control policies, procedures and improvement of the
internal audit function, as applicable; (b) developing and implementing written policies and procedures for accounting and financial reporting
that meet the standards applied to public companies listed in the United States; and (c) conducting internal control training to management,
key operations personnel and the accounting department, so that management and relevant personnel understand the requirements and elements
of internal control over financial reporting mandated by the US securities laws. 

We believe we have made
progress in accordance with our remediation plan even though the material weaknesses will not be considered remediated until we have completed
implementing the necessary additional applicable controls and operate with them for a sufficient period of time to allow management and
our auditors to concluded that these controls are operating effectively. 

We cannot determine when
our remediation plan will be fully completed and we cannot provide any assurance that these remediation efforts will be successful or
that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective as a result of these efforts. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

Other than the remediation
of the material weakness discussed above, there were no changes in our internal controls over financial reporting (as such term is defined
in Rules 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) under the Exchange Act) that occurred during three months ended September 30, 2024 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

22 

PART II OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

From time to time, we may become involved in litigation
or other legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. We are not currently a party to any material litigation or
legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, are likely to have a material adverse effect on our business. Regardless of
outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us because of defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative
publicity, reputational harm and other factors. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

There have
been no material changes to the risk factors set forth in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, of the 2024 Annual Report. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 

Not applicable. 

Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 

Not applicable. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information 

Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements 

During the three months
ended September 30, 2024, none of our directors or officers or Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule
10b5-1 trading arrangement, as each term is defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K. 

23 

Item 6. Exhibits 

The information
required by this Item 6 is set forth on the Exhibit Index that immediately precedes the signature page to this report and is incorporated
herein by reference. 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Deed of Amendment and Restatement to Scheme Implementation Deed, dated September 13, 2023, between Incannex Healthcare Limited and Incannex Healthcare Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2023). 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation, as filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on July 31, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2023). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, dated November 20, 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 29, 2023). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Description
 of Capital Stock (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on
 November 29, 2023). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Debenture, dated October 14, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on November 6, 2024). 
 
 4.3 
 
 F irst Tranche Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on November 6, 2024). 
 
 4.4 
 
 ELOC Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on November 6, 2024). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Purchase Agreement between Incannex Healthcare Inc. and Arena Business Solutions Global SPC II, Ltd, dated as of September 6, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 10, 2024). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement between Incannex Healthcare Inc. and Arena Investors, LP, dated as of September 6, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 10, 2024). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Form of Facility Agreement between Incannex Healthcare Pty Ltd, Incannex Pty Ltd, Psychennex Pty Ltd, and FC Credit Pty Ltd, dated October 9, 2024. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 15, 2024). 
 
 10.4 
 
 First Registration Rights Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on November 6, 2024). 
 
 10.5 
 
 Security Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on November 6, 2024). 
 
 10.6 
 
 Patent Security Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on November 6, 2024). 
 
 10.7 
 
 Trademark Security Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on November 6, 2024). 
 
 10.8 
 
 Subsidiary Guarantee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 of the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 filed with the SEC on November 6, 2024). 
 
 10.9# 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective October 21, 2024, by and between the Company and Luigi M. Barbato, M.D. (incorporated by referenced to Exhibit 10.1 of the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 24, 2024). 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Required Under Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and 18 U.S.C. Section 1350. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document). 

Filed
herewith. 

Furnished
herewith. 

# Indicates
management contract or compensatory plan. 

Certain
schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. Copies of the omitted schedules will be furnished
to the SEC upon request. 

24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Incannex Healthcare Inc. 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Joel Latham 

Joel Latham 

Chief Executive Officer, Director and President 

Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Joseph Swan 

Joseph Swan 

Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022100301ex31-1_incannex.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

I, Joel Latham, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Incannex Healthcare Inc. (the Company ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Joel Latham 

Name: 
 Joel Latham 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
(principal executive officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022100301ex31-2_incannex.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

I, Joseph Swan, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Incannex Healthcare Inc. (the Company ); 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the Company as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f)) for the Company and have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the Company, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The Company s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the Company s auditors and the audit committee of the Company s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the Company s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Joseph Swan 

Name: 
 Joseph Swan 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 

(principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022100301ex32-1_incannex.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Incannex Healthcare Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Joel Latham, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Joel Latham 

Name: 
 Joel Latham 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
(principal executive officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022100301ex32-2_incannex.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Incannex Healthcare Inc.
(the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report as filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission on the date hereof, I, Joseph Swan, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section
1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

1. 
 The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: November 14, 2024 

By: 
 /s/ Joseph Swan 

Name: 
 Joseph Swan 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer 
and
 Secretary 

(principal financial and accounting officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 ixhl-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 ixhl-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 ixhl-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 ixhl-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 ixhl-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

