<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241105_10-Q_edgar_data_1367859_0001367859-24-000112.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>22196659</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>190828</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3518420</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>10487441</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3740695</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3658519</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001367859-24-000112.hdr.sgml : 20241105
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241105160254
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001367859-24-000112
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		103
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241105
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241105

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Citizens Community Bancorp Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001367859
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SAVINGS INSTITUTION, FEDERALLY CHARTERED [6035]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				205120010
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-33003
		FILM NUMBER:		241427364

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2174 EASTRIDGE CENTER
		CITY:			EAU CLAIRE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		715 836 9994

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		2174 EASTRIDGE CENTER
		CITY:			EAU CLAIRE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			54701

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001367859-24-000112.txt : 20241105

10-Q
 1
 czwi-20240930.htm
 10-Q

czwi-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission file number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification Number) 

, 
 (Address and Zip Code of principal executive offices) 
 
 - 
 (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE ISSUERS 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer s classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date: 
 At November 5, 2024 there were shares of the registrant s common stock, par value 0.01 per share, outstanding. 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
 FORM 10-Q 
 September 30, 2024 
 INDEX 
 Page Number Part I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations (Unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (Unaudited) for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (Unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the year ended December 31, 2023 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (Unaudited) for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 10 
 Condensed Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (Unaudited) 
 12 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 60 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 85 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 86 
 Part II OTHER INFORMATION 
 87 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 87 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 88 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 88 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 88 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 88 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 88 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 89 
 SIGNATURES 
 90 

3 

PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 4 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 September 30, 2024 (unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 (derived from audited financial statements) 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Cash and cash equivalents Available for sale ("AFS") securities, at fair value (amortized cost of , net of allowance for credit losses of at September 30, 2024 and amortized cost of , net of allowance for credit losses of at December 31, 2023) 
 Held to maturity ("HTM") securities, at amortized cost (fair value of , net of allowance for credit losses of at September 30, 2024 and fair value of , net of allowance for credit losses of at December 31, 2023) 
 Equity investments Other investments Loans receivable Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans receivable, net Loans held for sale Mortgage servicing rights, net Office properties and equipment, net Accrued interest receivable Intangible assets Goodwill Foreclosed and repossessed assets, net Bank owned life insurance ("BOLI") Other assets TOTAL ASSETS Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Liabilities: Deposits Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB advances Other borrowings Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders Equity: Common stock par value, authorized ; and shares issued and outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders equity TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 See accompanying condensed notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations (unaudited) 
 Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (in thousands, except per share data) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Interest and dividend income: Interest and fees on loans Interest on investments Total interest and dividend income Interest expense: Interest on deposits Interest on FHLB and FRB borrowed funds Interest on other borrowed funds Total interest expense Net interest income before provision for credit losses (Negative) provision for credit losses ) ) ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses Non-interest income: Service charges on deposit accounts Interchange income Loan servicing income Gain on sale of loans Loan fees and service charges Net realized gains on debt securities Net (losses) gains on equity securities ) ) Bank Owned Life Insurance (BOLI) death benefit Other Total non-interest income Non-interest expense: Compensation and related benefits Occupancy Data processing Amortization of intangible assets Mortgage servicing rights expense, net Advertising, marketing and public relations FDIC premium assessment Professional services Losses on repossessed assets, net Other Total non-interest expense Income before provision for income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income attributable to common stockholders Per share information: Basic earnings Diluted earnings Cash dividends paid 
 See accompanying condensed notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) (unaudited) 
 Three and Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income attributable to common stockholders Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Securities available for sale Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during period, net of tax ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net gains included in net income, net of tax ) Reclassification for net loss on exchanged security, included in net income, net of tax Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) ) 
 See accompanying condensed notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

7 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 
 (in thousands, except shares and per share data) 
 Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (loss) Total Stockholders Equity Common Stock Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Surrender of restricted shares of common stock ) ) ) Restricted common stock awarded under the equity incentive plan Restricted common stock issued upon achievement of the 2021 performance criteria Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) Amortization of restricted stock Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Surrender of restricted shares of common stock ) ) ) Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of restricted stock Balance at June 30, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income, net of tax Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) ) Amortization of restricted stock Balance, September 30, 2024 ) 
 See accompanying condensed notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

8 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statement of Changes in Stockholders Equity (unaudited) 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2023 
 (in thousands, except shares and per share data) 
 Additional Paid-In Capital Retained Earnings Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Total Stockholders Equity Common Stock Shares Amount Balance, December 31, 2022 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax Forfeiture of unvested shares ) Surrender of restricted shares of common stock ) ) ) Restricted common stock awarded under the equity incentive plan Restricted stock issued upon achievement of the 2020 performance criteria Amortization of restricted stock Cumulative change in accounting principle for adoption of ASU 2016-13 ) ) Cumulative change in accounting principle for adoption of ASU 2023-02 Cash dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Forfeiture of unvested shares ) Common stock options exercised Common stock repurchased ) ) ) Amortization of restricted stock Balance at June 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Forfeiture of unvested shares ) Amortization of restricted stock Balance, September 30, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss, net of tax Common stock repurchased ) ) ) ) Amortization of restricted stock Balance, December 31, 2023 ) 
 See accompanying condensed notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

9 

CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 (in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Cash flows from operating activities: Net income attributable to common stockholders Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Net accretion on debt securities ) ) Depreciation expense (Negative provision) provision for credit losses ) Net loss (gain) on equity securities ) Net realized gain on sale of debt securities ) Deferred tax asset valuation allowance Increase in mortgage servicing rights resulting from transfers of financial assets ) ) Mortgage servicing rights amortization and impairment, net Amortization of intangible assets Amortization of restricted stock Decrease in deferred income taxes Increase in cash surrender value of life insurance ) ) Net gain from disposals of foreclosed and repossessed assets ) Provision for valuation allowance on foreclosed properties Gain on sale of loans held for sale, net ) ) Proceeds from sale of loans held for sale Originations of loans held for sale ) ) Net change in: Accrued interest receivable and other assets ) ) Other liabilities ) Total adjustments ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Proceeds from Bank Owned Life Insurance (BOLI) death benefit Net decrease in other interest bearing deposits Purchase of available for sale securities ) Proceeds from principal payments of available for sale securities Proceeds from sales of available for sale securities Proceeds from principal payments and maturities of held to maturity securities Equity investment capital distribution Purchase of equity investments ) ) Net sales (purchases) of other investments Proceeds from sales of foreclosed and repossessed assets Proceeds from insurance claim on foreclosed and repossessed assets Net decrease (increase) in loans ) Net capital expenditures ) ) Proceeds from disposal of office properties and equipment Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) 
 10 

Cash flows from financing activities: Change in short term Federal Home Loan Bank advances, net ) Federal Home Loan Bank advance repayment due to FHLB call ) Federal Home Loan Bank advance long-term maturities ) ) Amortization of debt issuance costs Other borrowings principal reductions ) ) Net increase in deposits Restricted common stock awarded under the equity incentive plan Repurchase shares of common stock ) ) Surrender of restricted shares of common stock ) ) Common stock options exercised Cash dividends paid ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net decrease in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Interest on deposits Interest on borrowings Income taxes Supplemental noncash disclosure: Transfers from loans receivable to other real estate owned ("OREO") 
 
 See accompanying condensed notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements. 
 11 

CONDENSED NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Dollars in thousands, except share and per share data) 
 (UNAUDITED) 
 
 NOTE 1 
 branch locations. Its primary markets include the Chippewa Valley Region in Wisconsin, the Mankato and Twin Cities markets in Minnesota, and various rural communities around these areas. The Bank offers traditional community banking services to businesses, agricultural operators and consumers, including one-to-four family residential mortgages. 
 The Bank is subject to competition from other financial institutions and non-financial institutions providing financial products. Additionally, the Bank is subject to the regulations of certain regulatory agencies and undergoes periodic examination by those regulatory agencies. 
 In preparing these consolidated financial statements, we evaluated the events and transactions that occurred subsequent to the balance sheet date of September 30, 2024, through the date on which the consolidated financial statements were available to be issued on November 5, 2024, for items that should potentially be recognized or disclosed in these consolidated financial statements. 
 The accompanying consolidated interim financial statements are unaudited. However, in the opinion of management, all adjustments (consisting of normal recurring accruals) considered necessary for a fair presentation have been included. 
 Unless otherwise stated herein, and except for shares and per share amounts, all amounts are in thousands. 
 12 

years, are liquidated. We elected the practical expedient available in Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements, which permits the use of net asset value ("NAV") per share or equivalent to value investments in entities that are or are similar to investment companies. SBICs and investment funds report their investments at estimated fair value. We record the unrealized gains and losses resulting from changes in the fair value of these investments as 
 13 

Other investments totaling at September 30, 2024 consisted of of FHLB stock, of Federal Reserve Bank stock and of Bankers Bank stock. Other investments totaling at December 31, 2023 consisted of of FHLB stock and of Federal Reserve Bank stock and of Bankers Bank stock. 
 days or more; 
 Commercial and industrial/agricultural operating loans past due days or more; 
 Closed end consumer installment loans past due days or more; and 
 Residential mortgage loans and open ended consumer installment loans past due days or more. 
 Past due status is based on the contractual terms of the loan. In all cases, loans are placed on nonaccrual status or charged off at an earlier date if collection of principal or interest is considered doubtful. All interest accrued but not received for a loan placed on nonaccrual status is reversed against interest income. Interest received on such loans is accounted for on the cash basis or cost recovery method until qualifying for return to accrual status. Loans are returned to accrual status when payments are made that bring the loan account current with the contractual term of the loan and a six month payment history has been established. 
 Residential mortgage loans and open ended consumer installment loans are charged off to estimated net realizable value less estimated selling costs at the earlier of when (a) the loan is deemed by management to be uncollectible, or (b) the loan becomes past due days or more. Closed ended consumer installment loans are charged off to net realizable value at the earlier of when (a) the loan is deemed by management to be uncollectible, or (b) the loan becomes past due days or more. Commercial/agricultural real estate, commercial and industrial and agricultural operating loans are charged off to net realizable value at the earlier of when (a) the loan is deemed by management to be uncollectible, or (b) the loan becomes past due days or more. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses Loans The allowance for credit losses ACL on loans is a valuation allowance for current expected credit losses in the Company s loan portfolio. Prior to January 1, 2023, the valuation allowance was established for probable and inherent credit losses. Loan losses are charged against the ACL when management believes that the collectability of a loan balance is unlikely. Subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the ACL. In determining the allowance, the company estimates credit losses over the loan s entire contractual term, adjusted for expected prepayments when appropriate. The allowance estimate considers relevant available information from internal and external sources relating to historical loss experience; known and inherent risks in our portfolio; information about specific borrowers ability to repay; estimated collateral values; current economic conditions; reasonable and supportable forecasts for future conditions; and other relevant factors determined by management. To ensure that the ACL is maintained at an adequate level, a detailed analysis is 
 14 

15 

to years. Furniture, fixtures and equipment are depreciated using the straight-line (or accelerated) method with useful lives ranging from to years. Leasehold improvements are depreciated using the straight-line (or accelerated) method with useful lives based on the lesser of (a) the estimated life of the lease, or (b) the estimated useful life of the leasehold improvement. Depreciation expense is included in non-interest expense on the consolidated statements of operations. 
 to months utilizing the straight-line method. On a periodic basis, management assesses whether events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the intangible assets may be impaired. Goodwill is not amortized but, instead, is subject to impairment tests on at least an annual basis, and more frequently if an event occurs or circumstances change that would more likely than not reduce the fair value of a reporting unit below its carrying amount. A reporting unit is defined as any distinct, separately identifiable component of the Company s operating segment for which complete, discrete financial information is available and reviewed regularly by the segment s management. The Company has reporting unit as of September 30, 2024, which is related to its banking activities. The impairment testing process is conducted by assigning net assets and goodwill to the Company s reporting unit. An initial qualitative evaluation is made to assess the likelihood of impairment and determine whether further quantitative testing to calculate the fair value is necessary. When the qualitative evaluation indicates that impairment is more likely than not, quantitative testing is required whereby the fair value of the Company s reporting unit is calculated and compared to the recorded book value, step one. If the calculated fair value of the Company s reporting unit exceeds its carrying value, goodwill is not considered impaired and step two is not considered necessary. If the carrying value of the Company s reporting unit exceeds its calculated fair value, the impairment test continues step two by comparing the carrying value of the Company s reporting unit s goodwill to the implied fair value of goodwill. An impairment charge is recognized if the carrying value of goodwill exceeds the implied fair value of goodwill. The Company has performed the required goodwill impairment test and has determined that goodwill was not impaired as of December 31, 2023. The Company has monitored events and conditions since December 31, 2023, and has determined that no triggering event has occurred that would require goodwill to be tested for impairment. 
 
 16 

As of September 30, 2024, the carrying amount of this investment, which is included in other assets in the consolidated balance sheets, was . The risk of loss with this investment is limited to its carrying value and is tied to its ability to operate in compliance with the rules and regulations necessary for the qualification of the tax credit generated by the investment. As of September 30, 2024, there were no known instances of noncompliance associated with either investment. 
 Federal Hold Loan Bank FHLB advances - The Bank holds both and short-term and and long-term FHLB advances as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. For cash flow purposes the short-term FHLB advances are disclosed net with original maturities of three months or less. 
 
 vesting period. Compensation expense for time based restricted stock is recognized over the requisite service period of for the entire award on a straight-line basis. Performance based restricted shares are earned over a period based on Board approved performance metrics and expense is recorded based on expected shares vesting. The performance based restricted stock award participants do not have voting rights and do not receive dividends or other distributions paid with respect to the performance based restricted shares. Upon vesting of restricted stock, the benefit of tax deductions in excess of recognized compensation expense is reflected as an income tax benefit in the Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 17 

and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023. The Wisconsin state budget, signed July 5, 2023, effective January 1, 2023, made originated loans in Wisconsin for business purposes up to 5,000 non-taxable. This change lowered the Company s income tax rates for the three and six-month periods ended June 30, 2024, and lowered the Company s income tax rate for the twelve-month period ended December 31, 2023, before related valuation allowance. Income tax expense in 2023, was lower due to the retroactive, effect of this change. This reduction of income tax expense was offset by a one-time tax expense of in the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2023, as the impact of the resulting lower incremental tax rate decreased the estimated future realization of an existing deferred tax asset resulting in a valuation allowance. 
 18 

At September 30, 2024, the Company had of loan commitments outstanding related to loans being originated for sale, all of which were subject to interest rate lock commitments and corresponding forward loan sale agreements, as described above. The net fair values of outstanding interest rate-lock commitments and forward sale agreements were considered immaterial to the Company s consolidated financial statements as of September 30, 2024. 
 reportable operating segment. 
 19 

20 

NOTE 2 
 Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Total available for sale securities December 31, 2023 U.S. government agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Total available for sale securities 
 Mortgage-backed securities Total held to maturity securities December 31, 2023 Obligations of states and political subdivisions Mortgage-backed securities Total held to maturity securities 
 At September 30, 2024, the Bank has pledged certain of its mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of as collateral to secure a line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank. As of September 30, 2024, there were borrowings outstanding on this Federal Reserve Bank line of credit. As of September 30, 2024, the Bank has pledged certain of its U.S. Government Agency securities with a carrying value of and mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of as collateral against specific municipal deposits. As of September 30, 2024, the Bank also has mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of pledged as collateral to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines. 
 At December 31, 2023, the Bank had pledged certain of its mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of as collateral to secure a line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank. As of December 31, 2023, there were borrowings outstanding on this Federal Reserve Bank line of credit. As of December 31, 2023, the Bank had pledged certain of its U.S. Government Agency securities with a carrying value of and mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of as collateral against specific municipal deposits. As of December 31, 2023, the Bank also had mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of and U.S. Government Agencies with a carrying value of pledged as collateral to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines. 
 21 

sales of available for sale securities. In June 2024, senior debt of a community development financial institution, classified as available-for-sale securities with a carrying value of , was exchanged for preferred equity of the financial institution s operating subsidiary. The exchange resulted in the recognition of of unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities, previously included in other comprehensive income, as well as an additional loss, for a total loss of . This total loss of was recognized on the June 30, 2024, consolidated statement of operations as net losses on equity securities. For the three month period ended September 30, 2023, there were sales of available for sale securities. For the nine month period ended September 30, 2023, gross sales of available for sale securities were , gross gains on the sale of available for sale securities were , and gross losses on the sale of available for sale securities were . 
 Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Due after ten years Total securities with contractual maturities Mortgage-backed securities Total available for sale securities 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Held to maturity securities Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Amortized Cost Estimated Fair Value Due in one year or less Due after one year through five years Due after five years through ten years Total securities with contractual maturities Mortgage-backed securities Total held to maturity securities 

22 

Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Total December 31, 2023 U.S. government agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Total 
 
 At September 30, 2024 no ACL was established for available for sale or held to maturity securities. Substantially all the held to maturity portfolio is made up of agency backed mortgage securities. These securities are guaranteed by the U.S. government, are highly rated by major rating agencies, and have a long history of no credit losses. At September 30, 2024, there were no past due held to maturity securities. Accordingly, the Company does not expect to incur credit losses on these securities. Unrealized losses on available-for-sale investment securities have not been recognized into income because the issuers bonds are agency backed securities or other securities that all principal and interest is expected to be received on a timely basis. Furthermore, the Company does not intend to sell, and it is likely that management will not be required to sell, the securities prior to their anticipated recovery, and the decline in fair value is largely due to changes in interest rates. The issuers continue to make timely principal and interest payments on their bonds. 
 
 All of our available for sale and held to maturity investment securities are investment grade securities. 
 
 23 

NOTE 3 
 . 
 Commercial and industrial C I loans are primarily underwritten based on the identified cash flows of the borrower and secondarily on the underlying collateral provided by the borrower. These cash flows, however, may not be as expected and the value of collateral securing the loans may fluctuate. Most commercial loans are secured by the assets being financed or other business assets such as accounts receivable or inventory and may incorporate a personal guarantee. Agricultural operating loans are generally comprised of term loans to fund the purchase of equipment, livestock and seasonal operating lines. Operating lines are typically written for one year and secured by the crop and other farm assets or other business assets, as considered necessary. Agricultural loans carry significant credit risks as they may involve larger balances concentrated with single borrowers or groups of related borrowers. In addition, repayment of such loans depends on the successful operation or management of the farm property securing the loan or for which an operating loan is utilized. Farming operations may be affected by adverse weather conditions such as drought, hail or floods that can severely limit crop yields. 
 Residential mortgage loans are collateralized by primary and secondary positions on real estate and are underwritten primarily based on borrower s documented income, credit scores, and collateral values. Under consumer home equity loan guidelines, the borrower will be approved for a loan based on a percentage of their home s appraised value less the balance owed on the existing first mortgage. Credit risk is minimized within the residential mortgage portfolio due to relatively small loan account balances spread across many individual borrowers. Management evaluates trends in past due loans and current economic factors such as the housing price index on a regular basis. 
 Consumer installment loans are comprised of originated indirect paper loans secured primarily by boats and recreational vehicles and other consumer loans secured primarily by automobiles and other personal assets. Consumer loan underwriting terms often depend on the collateral type, debt to income ratio and the borrower s creditworthiness as evidenced by their credit score. In the event of a consumer installment loan default, collateral value alone may not provide an adequate source of repayment of the outstanding loan balance. This shortage is a result of the greater likelihood of damage, loss and depreciation for consumer based collateral. 
 
 24 

Agricultural real estate Multi-family real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Purchased HELOC loans Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Other consumer Total loans receivable Less: Allowance for credit losses ) ) Net loans receivable 

25 

26 

Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Agricultural real estate Risk rating 1 to 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Multi-family real estate Risk rating 1 to 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Construction and land development Risk rating 1 to 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Commercial/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Risk rating 1 to 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Agricultural operating Risk rating 1 to 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs 
 27 

Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Purchased HELOC loans Risk rating 1 to 5 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Risk rating 1 to 5 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Other consumer Risk rating 1 to 5 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Total loans receivable Total current period gross charge-offs 
 
 28 

Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Agricultural real estate Risk rating 1 to 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Multi-family real estate Risk rating 1 to 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Construction and land development Risk rating 1 to 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Commercial/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Risk rating 1 to 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Agricultural operating Risk rating 1 to 5 Risk rating 6 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs 
 29 

Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Purchased HELOC loans Risk rating 1 to 5 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Risk rating 1 to 5 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Other consumer Risk rating 1 to 5 Risk rating 7 Total Current period gross charge-offs Total loans receivable Total current period gross charge-offs 

30 

Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries (Reversals)/additions to ACL - Loans via provision for credit losses charged to operations ) ) ) ACL - Loans, at end of period 
 Commercial/Agricultural Real Estate C I/Agricultural operating Residential Mortgage Consumer Installment Total Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans: ACL - Loans, at beginning of period Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Additions/(reversals) to ACL - Loans via provision for credit losses charged to operations ) ) ) ACL - Loans, at end of period 
 
 31 

Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries (Reversals)/additions to ACL - Loans via provision for credit losses charged to operations ) ) ) ) ACL - Loans, at end of period 
 Commercial/Agricultural Real Estate C I/Agricultural operating Residential Mortgage Consumer Installment Unallocated Total Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans: ACL - Loans, at beginning of period Cumulative effect of ASU 2016-13 adoption ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Additions/(reversals) to ACL - Loans via provision for credit losses charged to operations ) ) ACL - Loans, at end of period 
 The following table presents the balance and activity in the allowance for credit losses ACL - loans by portfolio segment for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023: 
 Commercial/Agricultural Real Estate C I/Agricultural operating Residential Mortgage Consumer Installment Unallocated Total Twelve months ended December 31, 2023 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans: ACL - Loans, at beginning of period Cumulative effect of ASU 2016-13 adoption ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries (Reversals)/additions to ACL - Loans via provision for credit losses charged to operations ) ) ) ) ACL - Loans, at end of period 
 
 32 

at September 30, 2024, and at December 31, 2023, classified in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Cumulative effect of ASU 2016-13 adoption Additions to ACL - Unfunded Commitments via provision for credit losses charged to operations ) ACL - Unfunded Commitments - End of period 
 
 Provision for credit losses - The provision for credit losses is determined by the Company as the amount to be added (reversed) to the ACL loss accounts for various types of financial instruments (including loans and off-balance sheet credit exposures) after net charge-offs have been deducted to bring the ACL to a level that, in managements judgement, is necessary to absorb expected credit losses over the lives of the respective financial instruments. Unfunded Commitments Total (negative) provision for credit losses ) ) 

33 

Agricultural real estate Multi-family real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Purchased HELOC loans Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Other consumer Total (Loan balances at amortized cost) 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due Greater Than 89 Days Past Due Total Past Due Current Total Loans December 31, 2023 Commercial/Agricultural real estate: Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Multi-family real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Purchased HELOC loans Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Other consumer Total 

34 

Agricultural real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Purchased HELOC loans Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Other consumer Total 

December 31, 2023 Total Nonaccrual Loans Nonaccrual with no Allowance for Credit Losses Commercial/Agricultural real estate: Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Other consumer Total 
 35 

Agricultural real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Other consumer Total 
 The Company s policy is to discontinue the accrual of interest income on all loans for which principal or interest is past due according to the following schedules: 
 Commercial/agricultural real estate loans, past due days or more; 
 Commercial and industrial/agricultural operating loans past due days or more; 
 Closed ended consumer installment loans past due days or more; and 
 Residential mortgage and open ended consumer installment loans past due days or more. 
 The accrual of interest is discontinued earlier when, in the opinion of management, there is reasonable doubt as to the timely collection of interest or principal. Once interest accruals are discontinued, accrued but uncollected interest is charged against current year income. Subsequent receipts on non-accrual loans are recorded as a reduction of principal, and interest income is recorded only after principal recovery is reasonably assured. Interest on loans determined to be modified is recognized on an accrual basis in accordance with the restructured terms if the loan is in compliance with the modified terms. Nonaccrual loans are returned to accrual status when, in the opinion of management, the financial position of the borrower indicates there is no longer any reasonable doubt as to the timely collection of interest or principal. The Company requires a period of satisfactory performance of not less than six months before returning a nonaccrual loan to accrual status. 

36 

Agricultural real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Other consumer Total 
 
 Collateral Type December 31, 2023 Real Estate Other Assets Total Without an Allowance With an Allowance Allowance Allocation Commercial/Agricultural real estate: Commercial real estate Agricultural real estate Construction and land development C I/Agricultural operating: Commercial and industrial Agricultural operating Residential mortgage: Residential mortgage Consumer installment: Originated indirect paper Other consumer Total 
 There were outstanding commitments to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty as of September 30, 2024. There were unused lines of credit totaling on loans with borrowers experiencing financial difficulties as of September 30, 2024. 

37 

Other consumer Other-Than-Insignificant Payment Delay Loan Class Amortized Cost Basis at September 30, 2024 of Total Class of Financing Receivables Commercial real estate 
 
 months was added to the term of the loans 
 Other Consumer A weighted average of months was added to the term of the loans 
 Other-Than-Insignificant Payment Delay Loan Class Financial Effect Commercial real estate Payments were deferred a weighted average of months 

38 

Residential mortgage Other Consumer Other-Than-Insignificant Payment Delay Loan Class Amortized Cost Basis at September 30, 2024 of Total Class of Financing Receivables Commercial real estate Commercial and industrial Residential mortgage 

months was added to the term of the loans 
 Residential mortgage A weighted average of months was added to the term of the loans 
 Other consumer Payments were deferred a weighted average of months 
 Other-Than-Insignificant Payment Delay Loan Class Financial Effect Commercial real estate Payments were deferred a weighted average of months 
 Commercial and industrial Payments were deferred a weighted average of months 
 Residential mortgage Payments were deferred a weighted average of months 

39 

months was added to the term of the loans 

The tables below detail Loan Modifications Made to Borrowers Experiencing Financial Difficulty during the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Term Extension Loan Class Amortized Cost Basis at September 30, 2023 of Total Class of Financing Receivables Commercial real estate Agricultural operating Residential mortgage Other-Than-Insignificant Payment Delay Loan Class Amortized Cost Basis at September 30, 2023 of Total Class of Financing Receivables Residential mortgage Other consumer 
 
 40 

months was added to the term of the loans 
 Agricultural operating A weighted average of months was added to the term of the loans 
 Residential mortgage A weighted average of months was added to the term of the loans 
 Other-Than-Insignificant Payment Delay Loan Class Financial Effect Residential Mortgage Payments were deferred a weighted average of months 
 Other consumer Payments were deferred a weighted average of months 

The Company closely monitors the performance of loans that have been modified to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty to understand the effectiveness of its modification efforts. 
 Commercial and industrial Residential mortgage Other consumer Total 
 
 No loan modified during the nine months ended September 30, 2023 has subsequently defaulted. The following table shows the performance of such loans that have been modified during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Current 30-59 Days Past Due 60-89 Days Past Due Greater Than 89 Days Past Due Commercial real estate Agricultural operating Residential mortgage Other consumer Total 

41 

NOTE 4 
 and , respectively, and consisted of one to four family residential real estate loans. These loans are serviced primarily for the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation, Federal Home Loan Bank and the Federal National Mortgage Association. Custodial escrow balances maintained in connection with the foregoing loan servicing, and included in deposits were and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Increase in mortgage servicing rights resulting from transfers of financial assets Amortization during the period ) ) ) ) Mortgage servicing rights, end of period Valuation allowance: Valuation allowance, beginning of period Additions ) ) Recoveries Valuation allowance, end of period ) ) Mortgage servicing rights, net Fair value of mortgage servicing rights; end of period 
 The current period change in valuation allowance, if applicable, is included in non-interest expense as mortgage servicing rights expense, net on the consolidated statement of operations. Servicing fees totaled and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Servicing fees totaled and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Servicing fees are included in loan servicing income on the consolidated statement of operations. Late fees and ancillary fees related to loan servicing are not material. 
 To estimate the fair value of the MSR asset, a valuation model is applied at the loan level to calculate the present value of the expected future cash flows. The valuation model incorporates various assumptions that would impact market participants estimations of future servicing income. Central to the valuation model is the discount rate. Fair value at September 30, 2024, was determined using discount rates ranging from to . Fair value at September 30, 2023, was determined using discount rates ranging from to . Other assumptions utilized in the valuation model include, but are not limited to, prepayment speed, servicing costs, delinquencies, costs of advances, foreclosure costs, ancillary income, and income earned on float and escrow. 
 42 

NOTE 5 
 corporate office, bank branch offices, former bank branch office, and ATM location. Our leases have remaining lease terms ranging from approximately to years. Some of the leases include an option to extend, the longest of which is for year terms. As of September 30, 2024, we have no lease commitments that have not yet commenced. The Company also leases a portion of some of its facilities and receives rental income from such lease agreements, all of which are considered operating leases. 
 Variable lease cost Total lease cost The components of total lease income were as follows: Operating lease income Supplemental cash flow information related to leases was as follows: Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows from operating leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: Operating leases September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Supplemental balance sheet information related to leases was as follows: Operating lease right-of-use assets (1) Operating lease liabilities (2) Weighted average remaining lease term in years; operating leases Weighted average discount rate; operating leases 
 (1) Operating lease right-of-use assets are recorded as other assets in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Operating lease liabilities are recorded as other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Less: effects of discounting ) Lease liability recognized 
 43 

impairment loss was recorded. This impairment loss is included in other non-interest expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 44 

NOTE 6 
 Interest bearing demand deposits Savings accounts Money market accounts Certificate accounts Total deposits 
 
 December 31, 2025 December 31, 2026 December 31, 2027 December 31, 2028 After December 31, 2028 Total 

Certificate accounts of 250 or more were and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Brokered deposits were at September 30, 2024 and consisted of of brokered certificate accounts and of brokered money market accounts. Brokered Deposits were at December 31, 2023 and consisted of of brokered certificate accounts and of brokered money market accounts. 
 December 31, 2025 (1) December 31, 2028 (1) Total 
 (1) The Company can call the brokered certificate accounts maturing in the years ended December 31, 2025 and 2028, monthly beginning in March 2024. 

45 

NOTE 7 
 2024 2025 2025 2028 2028 Federal Home Loan Bank advances Senior Notes (5) 2039 2034 Subordinated Notes (6) 2030 2030 2032 2032 Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Total other borrowings Totals 
 (1) The FHLB advances bear fixed rates, require interest-only monthly payments, and are collateralized by a blanket lien on pre-qualifying first mortgages, home equity lines, multi-family loans and certain other loans which had a pledged balance of and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024, the Bank s available and unused portion under the FHLB borrowing arrangement was approximately compared to as of December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Maximum month-end borrowed amounts outstanding under this borrowing agreement were and , during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) The weighted-average interest rate on FHLB borrowings maturing within twelve months as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were and , respectively. 
 (4) In June 2024, the FHLB called the , advance maturing in 2028. 
 (5) Senior notes, entered into by the Company in June 2019 consist of the following: 
 (a) A term note, which was subsequently refinanced in March 2022, modified in February of 2023, and refinanced in May 2024, requiring quarterly interest-only payments through January 2029, and quarterly principal and interest payments thereafter. Interest is variable, based on US Prime rate minus basis points with a floor rate of . 
 (b) A line of credit, maturing August 1, 2025, that remains undrawn upon. 
 (6) Subordinated notes resulted from the following: 
 (a) The Company s Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement entered into with certain purchasers in August 2020, which bears a fixed interest rate of for . In September 2025, the fixed interest rate will be reset quarterly to equal the three-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus basis points. The note is callable by the Bank when, and anytime after, the floating rate is initially set. Interest-only payments are due semi-annually each year during the fixed interest period and quarterly during the floating interest period. 
 46 

for . In April 2027, the fixed interest rate will be reset quarterly to equal the three-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus basis points. The note is callable by the Bank when, and anytime after, the floating rate is initially set. Interest-only payments are due semi-annually each year during the fixed interest period and quarterly during the floating interest period. 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Letters of Credit 
 The Bank has an irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit Master Reimbursement Agreement with the Federal Home Loan Bank. This irrevocable standby letter of credit LOC is supported by loan collateral as an alternative to directly pledging investment securities on behalf of a municipal customer as collateral for their interest bearing deposit balances. The letters of credit balances were and at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Federal Reserve Borrowings 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank had the ability to borrow and from the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. The ability to borrow is based on mortgage-backed securities pledged with a carrying value of and as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, respectively. There were Federal Reserve borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. 
 Federal Funds Purchased Lines of Credit 
 unsecured federal funds purchased lines of credit with its banking partners which total . As of December 31, 2023, the Bank maintained three unsecured federal funds purchased lines of credit with its banking partners which totaled . These lines bear interest at the lender bank s announced daily federal funds rate, mature daily and are revocable at the discretion of the lending institution. There were borrowings outstanding on these lines of credit as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 
 47 

NOTE 8 - 
 > = > = Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) > = > = Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) > = > = Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted total assets) > = > = As of December 31, 2023 Total capital (to risk weighted assets) > = > = Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) > = > = Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) > = > = Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted total assets) > = > = 

48 

> = Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) > = Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) > = Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted total assets) > = As of December 31, 2023 Total capital (to risk weighted assets) > = Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) > = Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) > = Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted total assets) > = 
 
 49 

NOTE 9 
 shares. As of September 30, 2024, restricted shares had been granted under this plan. This amount includes shares of performance based restricted stock granted in 2021 and issued in January 2024 upon achievement of the performance criteria and completion of the performance period beginning in January 2021 and ending December 31, 2023. The amount also includes shares of performance based restricted stock granted in 2020 and issued in January 2023 upon achievement of the performance criteria and completion of the performance period beginning in January 2020 and ending December 31, 2022. As of September 30, 2024, stock options had been granted under this plan. 
 In February 2008, the Company s stockholders approved the Company s 2008 Equity Incentive Plan for a term of years. Due to the plan s expiration, no new awards can be granted under this plan. As of September 30, 2024, there are awarded unvested restricted shares, and awarded unexercised vested options remaining from the plan. Options granted under this plan vested pro rata over a period from the grant date and were fully vested as of October 2022. Unexercised incentive stock options expire within years of the grant date. 
 Net compensation expense related to restricted stock awards from these plans was and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to and for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 Restricted Common Stock Award 
 Granted Vested ) ) Forfeited ) Unvested and outstanding at end of period 

September 30, 2024 Number of Shares Weighted Average Grant Price Performance Based Restricted Shares Unvested at beginning of year Granted Vested and issued ) Forfeited Unvested at end of period 

50 

Outstanding at end of period Exercisable at end of period December 31, 2023 Outstanding at beginning of year Exercised ) Forfeited or expired ) Outstanding at end of year Exercisable at end of year 
 Cash received from options exercised Tax benefit realized from options exercised 
 Other Compensation 
 On January 25, 2024, the Company s board of directors approved a phantom stock plan as part of the Company s long-term incentive plan. The Plan allows certain employees to earn future cash awards linked to the company s future common share price for time and performance based cash awards. The performance based cash awards vest based on a combination of a time period and performance targets based on the Company s return on equity. For performance based awards, the ultimate cash payout of these awards will be based on the January 25, 2027 closing share price of the Company s common stock. The time based cash awards vest ratably over a time period. For time based awards, the ultimate cash payout of these awards will be based on the closing share price of the Company s common stock on the anniversary of the award date each year. On January 25, 2024, time based awards were based on shares and performance based awards were based on shares. 
 , which is included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recorded related expense of and which is included in compensation and related benefits/non-interest expense on the Company s consolidated statement of operations. 
 51 

NOTE 10 

52 

Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Asset-backed securities Total investment securities Equity Investments: Farmer Mac equity securities Preferred equity Equity investments measured at NAV(1) Total equity investments Total December 31, 2023 Investment securities: U.S. government agency obligations Mortgage-backed securities Corporate debt securities Corporate asset backed securities Total investment securities Equity Investments: Farmer Mac equity securities Equity investments measured at NAV(1) Total equity investments Total 
 (1) Investments valued at NAV are excluded from being reported under the fair value hierarchy but are presented to permit reconciliation with the balance sheet in accordance with ASC 820-10-35-54B. 
 During the three months ended June 30, 2024, senior debt of a community development financial institution, classified as available-for-sale securities was exchanged for preferred equity of the financial institution s operating subsidiary. At September 30, 2024, the Company owned preferred equity investments for which the Company utilized significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs) to determine fair value. For the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, the Company did not own any securities for which the Company utilized significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 inputs) to determine fair value. 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and of senior debt, previously measured as a Level 1 instrument, was exchanged for preferred equity, now measured as a Level 3 instrument, resulting in a transfer out of Level 1 fair value measurement to Level 3 fair value measurement. The exchange resulted in the recognition of and of unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, previously included in other comprehensive income, as well as an additional loss, for a total loss of . This total loss of was recognized on the consolidated statement of operations as net losses on equity securities. There were no transfers in or out of Level 1, Level 2 or Level 3 fair value measurements relating to the available-for-sale securities above during the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. There were no losses included in earnings attributable to the change in unrealized gains or 
 53 

Collateral dependent loans Mortgage servicing rights Total December 31, 2023 Foreclosed and repossessed assets, net Collateral dependent loans Mortgage servicing rights Total 
 The fair value of collateral dependent loans with allowances was determined by obtaining independent third party appraisals and/or internally developed collateral valuations to support the Company s estimates and judgments in determining the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting impaired loans. 
 The fair value of foreclosed and repossessed assets was determined by obtaining market price valuations from independent third parties wherever such quotes were available for other collateral owned. The Company utilized independent third party appraisals to support the Company s estimates and judgments in determining fair value for other real estate owned. 
 The fair value of mortgage servicing rights was estimated using discounted cash flows based on current market rates and other factors. 
 
 54 

Appraisal value Estimated costs to sell - 
 Collateral dependent loans Appraisal value / Internal Collateral valuations Estimated costs to sell - 
 Mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flows Discounted rates - 
 December 31, 2023 Foreclosed and repossessed assets, net Appraisal value Estimated costs to sell - 
 Collateral dependent loans Appraisal value / Internal Collateral valuations Estimated costs to sell - 
 Mortgage servicing rights Discounted cash flows Discounted rates - 
 
 (1) Fair value is generally determined through independent third-party appraisals of the underlying 
 collateral, which generally includes various level 3 inputs which are not observable. 
 (2) The fair value basis of collateral depended loans, and real estate owned may be adjusted to reflect management estimates of disposal costs including, but not limited to, real estate brokerage commissions, legal fees, and delinquent property taxes. 

55 

Securities available for sale AFS (Level II) Securities held to maturity HTM (Level II) Farmer Mac equity securities (Level I) Preferred equity (Level III) Equity investments valued at NAV(1) N/A N/A N/A Other investments (Level II) Loans receivable, net (Level III) Loans held for sale - Residential mortgage (Level I) Loans held for sale - SBA /FSA (Level II) Mortgage servicing rights (Level III) Accrued interest receivable (Level I) Financial liabilities: Deposits (Level III) FHLB advances (Level II) Other borrowings (Level II) Accrued interest payable (Level I) 
 (1) Investments valued at NAV are excluded from being reported under the fair value hierarchy but are presented to permit reconciliation with the balance sheet in accordance with ASC 820-10-35-54B. 
 56 

NOTE 11 
 Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per share Diluted Net income attributable to common stockholders Weighted average common shares outstanding Add: Dilutive stock options outstanding Average shares and dilutive potential common shares Diluted earnings per share Additional common stock option shares that have not been included due to their antidilutive effect 
 
 Dilutive shares outstanding consist of exercisable stock options whose strike prices were less than the quarterly average closing price of the Company s common stock. At September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, there were and exercisable stock options, respectively, with a potentially dilutive effect. However their strike prices were higher than the quarterly and annual average closing prices of the Company s common stock and thus, excluded from diluted shares outstanding. 
 57 

NOTE 12 
 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Before-Tax Amount Tax Benefit (Expense) Net-of-Tax Amount Before-Tax Amount Tax Benefit (Expense) Net-of-Tax Amount Unrealized gains (losses) on securities: Net unrealized gains (losses) arising during the period ) ) ) Reclassification adjustment for gains included in net income ) ) Reclassification for net loss on exchanged security, included in net income, net of tax ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) )) ) Current year-to-date other comprehensive income Ending balance, December 31, 2023 ) ) Current year-to-date other comprehensive income Ending balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 
 ) Net (losses) gains on investment securities Tax effect Provision for income taxes Total reclassifications for the period ) Net loss attributable to common stockholders 
 
 58 

Net (losses) gains on investment securities Tax effect ) Provision for income taxes Total reclassifications for the period Net income attributable to common stockholders 
 59 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Certain matters discussed in this report contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and the Company intends that these forward-looking statements be covered by the safe harbor for forward-looking statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements may be identified by the use of forward-looking words or phrases such as anticipate, believe, could, expect, estimates, intend, may, preliminary, planned, potential, should, will, would, or the negative of those terms or other words of similar meaning. Similarly, statements that describe the Company s future plans, objectives or goals are also forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are inherently subject to many uncertainties in the Company s operations and business environment. 
 Factors that could affect actual results or outcomes include the matters described under the caption Risk Factors in Item 1A of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, filed with the SEC on March 5, 2024 2023 10-K ), the matters described in Risk Factors in Item 1A of the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2024, filed with the SEC on May 8, 2024; the matters described in Risk Factors in Item 1A of the quarterly reports on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024, filed with the SEC on August 6, 2024; the matters described in Risk Factors in Item 1A of this Form 10-Q, and the following: 
 conditions in the financial markets and economic conditions generally; 
 the impact of inflation on our business and our customers; 
 geopolitical tensions, including current or anticipated impact of military conflicts; 
 higher lending risks associated with our commercial and agricultural banking activities; 
 future pandemics (including new variants of COVID-19); 
 cybersecurity risks; 
 adverse impacts on the regional banking industry and the business environment in which it operates; 
 interest rate risk; 
 lending risk; 
 changes in the fair value or ratings downgrades of our securities; 
 the sufficiency of allowance for credit losses; 
 competitive pressures among depository and other financial institutions; 
 disintermediation risk; 
 our ability to maintain our reputation; 
 our ability to maintain or increase our market share; 
 our ability to realize the benefits of net deferred tax assets; 
 our inability to obtain needed liquidity; 
 our ability to raise capital needed to fund growth or meet regulatory requirements; 
 our ability to attract and retain key personnel; 
 our ability to keep pace with technological change; 
 prevalence of fraud and other financial crimes; 
 the possibility that our internal controls and procedures could fail or be circumvented; 
 our ability to successfully execute our acquisition growth strategy; 
 risks posed by acquisitions and other expansion opportunities, including difficulties and delays in integrating the acquired business operations or fully realizing the cost savings and other benefits; 
 restrictions on our ability to pay dividends; 
 the potential volatility of our stock price; 
 accounting standards for credit losses; 
 legislative or regulatory changes or actions, or significant litigation, adversely affecting the Company or Bank; 
 public company reporting obligations; 
 changes in federal or state tax laws; and 
 changes in accounting principles, policies or guidelines and their impact on financial performance. 
 60 

Stockholders, potential investors and other readers are urged to consider these factors carefully in evaluating the forward-looking statements and are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. The forward-looking statements made herein are only made as of the date of this filing and the Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update such forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events or circumstances occurring after the date of this report. 
 
 GENERAL 
 The following discussion sets forth management s discussion and analysis of our consolidated financial condition as of September 30, 2024, and our consolidated results of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in the prior fiscal year ended September 30, 2023. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the interim consolidated financial statements and the condensed notes thereto included with this report and with Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and the financial statements and notes related thereto included in our 2023 10-K. Unless otherwise stated, all monetary amounts in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, other than share, per share and capital ratio amounts, are stated in thousands. 

PERFORMANCE SUMMARY 
 The following is a summary of some of the significant factors that affected our operating results for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023. Compared to third quarter 2023, third quarter 2024 net interest income decreased 0.8 million. The decrease was primarily due to the impact of higher short-term interest rates on the Bank s liability-sensitive balance sheet, i.e., higher deposit costs, and customer account shifts to higher-cost certificates, partially offset by higher yields on assets, and a decrease in lower yielding on-balance sheet assets included in liquidity to more normal levels. 
 The total benefit, i.e., negative provision, for credit losses for the third quarter ended September 30, 2024,was 0.4 million compared to a negative provision for credit losses of 0.3 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The third quarter of 2024 negative provision was due to decreases in ACL related to: (1) on-balance sheet ACL of 0.1 million; and (2) reductions in off-balance sheet reserves to fund commitments of 0.3 million. The third quarter ended September 30, 2023, negative provision for credit losses was primarily due to net recoveries on an agricultural credit and the impact of the payoff of two large loans. 
 Non-interest income increased 0.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 compared to the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to 0.5 million higher gain on sale of loans. 
 Non-interest expense increased 0.4 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 10.0 million in the third quarter of 2023. The increase was primarily related to higher compensation expense due to both the impact of 2024 merit increases and higher incentive compensation. 
 Provision for income taxes decreased to 0.9 million in the third quarter of 2024, from 2.5 million in the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to a decrease in the effective tax rate. The decrease in the effective tax rate is primarily due to the Wisconsin state budget, signed by Governor Evers on July 5, 2023, which provides financial institutions a tax exemption on income earned on Wisconsin commercial and agricultural loans up to 5 million retroactive to January 1, 2023, the impact of which began to be recognized in the third quarter of 2023. This change reduces the Company s 2023 Wisconsin state income tax rate and thus, its overall effective tax rate. The third quarter ended September 30, 2023, reflects three quarters of the related 2023 tax benefit, retroactive to January 1, 2023, as a reduction of income tax expense. This positive impact was more than offset by a one-time tax expense of 1.8 million reflecting the impact of the lower 2023 Wisconsin state tax rate on the future realization of existing net deferred tax assets. 
 When comparing year-over-year results, changes in net interest income, provision for credit losses, non-interest income and non-interest expense are primarily due to the items discussed above. See the remainder of this section for a more thorough discussion. 
 We reported net income of 3.3 million and 11.0 million, or 0.32 and 1.07 per diluted share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to net income of 2.5 million and 9.4 million or 0.24 and 0.89 per diluted share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The following is a summary of some of the significant factors that affected our operating results for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023. 
 Compared to 2023, for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, net interest income decreased 1.8 million, primarily due to the impact of higher short-term interest rates on the Bank s liability-sensitive balance sheet, i.e., higher deposit 
 61 

costs, and customer account shifts to higher-cost certificates, partially offset by higher yields on assets. The Company s interest-bearing liabilities increased from 2.46 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, to 3.18 for the same period in 2024. This increase in interest-bearing liabilities cost was partially offset by higher interest income on interest earning assets of 5.4 million primarily due to the impact of higher interest rates. 
 The total benefit, i.e., negative provision, for credit losses was 2.725 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a provision for credit losses of 0.175 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the negative provision was due to decreases in ACL related to: (1) the 0.9 million impact of loan portfolio decreases and credit quality improvements; (2) 0.6 million due to improvements in the Moody s economic scenario per our third-party provider; (3) reductions in off-balance sheet reserves to fund commitments of 0.9 million; (4) a decrease in the allowance for credit losses on individually evaluated loans of 0.5 million largely in the first quarter; and (5) net loan recoveries. The provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was 0.175 million, primarily due to growth in the loan portfolio, partially offset by the impact of net recoveries of 0.187 million, reductions in reserves on individually evaluated loans, and third quarter loan payoffs. 
 Non-interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 0.3 million compared to the nine-months ended September 30, 2023. Higher gains on loan sales, loan fees and service charges and a bank owned life insurance death benefit were partially offset by net losses on equity securities. 
 Non-interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased 1.6 million largely due to higher compensation expense of 0.9 million, related to higher incentive costs and the impact of annual merit increases, and higher other expenses, primarily due to the establishment of a 0.4 million SBA recourse reserve.. 
 Provision for income taxes decreased to 0.9 million in the third quarter of 2024, from 2.5 million in the third quarter of 2023, primarily due to a decrease in the effective tax rate. The lower effective tax rate is primarily due to the Wisconsin state budget, signed by Governor Evers on July 5, 2023, which provides financial institutions a tax exemption on income earned on Wisconsin commercial and agricultural loans up to 5 million retroactive to January 1, 2023, the impact of which began to be recognized in the third quarter of 2023. The Wisconsin state budget, signed by Governor Evers on July 5, 2023, provides financial institutions a tax exemption on income earned on Wisconsin commercial and agricultural loans up to 5 million retroactive to January 1, 2023. This change reduces the Company s 2023 Wisconsin state income tax rate and thus, its overall effective tax rate. The third quarter ended September 30, 2023, reflects three quarters of the related 2023 tax benefit, retroactive to January 1, 2023, as a reduction of income tax expense. This positive impact was more than offset by a one-time tax expense of 1.8 million reflecting the impact of the lower 2023 Wisconsin state tax rate on the future realization of existing net deferred tax assets. 
 
 CRITICAL ACCOUNTING ESTIMATES 
 Our consolidated financial statements have been prepared in conformity with U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). In connection with the preparation of our financial statements, we are required to make assumptions and estimates about future events and apply judgments that affect the reported amount of assets, liabilities, revenue, expenses, and their related disclosures. We base our assumptions, estimates, and judgments on historical experience, current trends, and other factors that our management believes to be relevant at the time our consolidated financial statements are prepared. Some of these estimates are more critical than others. In addition to the policies included in Note 1, Nature of Business and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies, to the Consolidated Financial Statements included as an exhibit in our annual report on our 2023 10-K, our critical accounting estimates are as follows: 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans. 
 We adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments-Credit Losses (Topic 326), Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments through a cumulative-effect adjustment on January 1, 2023. We have selected a loss estimation methodology, utilizing a third-party model. See also Notes 1 and 3 to the unaudited consolidated financial statements for further discussion of our adoption of ASU 2016-13. 
 We maintain an allowance for credit losses to absorb probable and inherent losses in our loan portfolio. The allowance is based on ongoing quarterly assessments of the estimated lifetime losses in our loan portfolio. In evaluating the level of the allowance for credit losses, we consider the types of loans and the amount of loans in our loan portfolio, historical loss experience, adverse situations that may affect the borrower s ability to repay, the estimated value of any underlying collateral, prevailing economic conditions, and other relevant factors determined by management. We follow all applicable regulatory guidance, including the Interagency Policy Statement on Allowances for Credit losses, issued by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, and National Credit Union Administration. We believe that the Bank s Allowance for Credit Losses Policy conforms to all applicable regulatory 
 62 

requirements. However, based on periodic examinations by regulators, the amount of the allowance for credit losses recorded during a particular period may be adjusted. 
 Our determination of the allowance for credit losses - loans is based on: (1) an individual allowance for specifically identified and evaluated loans that management has determined have unique risk characteristics. For these loans, the estimated loss is based on likelihood of default, payment history, and net realizable value of underlying collateral. Allowance for credit losses for collateral dependent loans are based on the fair value of the underlying collateral relative to the amortized cost of the loans. For loans that are not collateral dependent, the allowance for credit losses is based on the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s original effective interest rate through the repayment period; and (2) a collective allowance for loans not specifically identified in (1) above. The allowance for these loans is estimated by pooling loans with a similar risk profile and calculating a collective loss rate using the pool s risk drivers, historical loss experience, and reasonable and supportable future economic forecasts to project lifetime losses. This collectively estimated loss is adjusted for qualitative factors. 
 Assessing the allowance for credit losses - loans is inherently subjective as it requires making material estimates, including the amount, and timing of future cash flows expected to be received on collateral dependent loans, any of which estimates may be susceptible to significant change. In our opinion, the allowance, when taken as a whole, reflects estimated probable loan losses in our loan portfolio. 
 Goodwill. 
 We account for goodwill and other intangible assets in accordance with ASC Topic 350, Intangibles - Goodwill and Other. The Company records the excess of the cost of acquired entities over the fair value of identifiable tangible and intangible assets acquired, less liabilities assumed, as goodwill. The Company does not amortize goodwill, but reviews goodwill for impairment at a reporting unit level on an annual basis, or when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts may be impaired. A reporting unit is defined as any distinct, separately identifiable component of the Company s one operating segment for which complete, discrete financial information is available and reviewed regularly by the segment s management. The Company has one reporting unit as of September 30, 2024, which is related to its banking activities. The Company performed the required goodwill impairment test and determined that goodwill was not impaired as of December 31, 2023. The Company has monitored events and conditions since December 31, 2023, and has determined that no triggering event has occurred that would require goodwill to be tested for impairment. 

STATEMENT OF OPERATIONS ANALYSIS 
 Net Interest Income. Net interest income represents the difference between the dollar amount of interest earned on interest-bearing assets and the dollar amount of interest paid on interest-bearing liabilities. The interest income and expense of financial institutions (including those of the Bank) are significantly affected by general economic conditions, competition, policies of regulatory authorities and other factors. 
 Interest rate spread and net interest margin are used to measure and explain changes in net interest income. Interest rate spread is the difference between the yield on interest earning assets and the rate paid for interest-bearing liabilities that fund those assets. Net interest margin is expressed as the percentage of net interest income to average interest earning assets. Net interest margin currently exceeds interest rate spread because non-interest-bearing sources of funds net free funds ), principally demand deposits and stockholders equity, also support interest earning assets. The narrative below discusses net interest income, and net interest margin for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 Net interest income was 11.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 12.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Interest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024, decreased from the same period one year ago due to higher net interest-bearing deposit balances and costs. This was partially offset by increases in asset yields due to (1) contractual repricing and higher coupons on new loans; and (2) principal reductions in low-yielding investments. The net interest margin for the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, decreased to 2.63 , compared to 2.79 , for the three-month period ended September 30, 2023. The lower net interest margin was due to higher deposit costs attributable to higher market interest rates and customers moving from lower cost savings and money market accounts to higher yielding certificate accounts; and the impact of higher short-term interest rates which increased FHLB advance and other borrowing costs. This was partially offset by increases in loan yields due to contractual repricing and rates on new loans exceeding the portfolio as a whole. 
 Net interest income was 34.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 36.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Net interest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, decreased from the same period one year ago, due to higher interest-bearing balances and costs, which increased 72 basis points. This was partially 
 63 

offset by: (1) positive loan volume variance due to growth in loans outstanding; (2) increases in loan and investment yields due to: (a) contractual repricing and higher coupons on new loans; (b) principal reductions in low-yielding investments; and (c) one-time income in the first and second quarters of 0.4 million recognized on nonaccrual payoffs and 0.4 million recognized from curing technical defaults on performing loans. 
 The net interest margin for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, was 2.71 , compared to 2.85 , for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023. The decreased net interest margin was due to: (1) higher liability costs due to higher market interest rates; (2) customers moving balances from lower cost savings and money market accounts to higher yielding certificate accounts, increasing deposit costs; and (3) the impact of higher short-term interest rates which increased FHLB advance and other borrowing costs. This was partially offset by: (1) increases in loan yields due to contractual repricing; (2) rates on new loans exceeding the portfolio as a whole; and (3) a six-basis point increase in yield due to income recognized on nonaccrual loan payoffs and curing technical defaults on performing loans in the first and second quarter; and 4) principal reductions in low-yielding investments 
 Average Balances, Net Interest Income, Yields Earned and Rates Paid. The following net interest income analysis table presents interest income from average interest earning assets, expressed in dollars and yields, and interest expense on average interest-bearing liabilities, expressed in dollars and rates on a tax equivalent basis. Shown below is the weighted average tax equivalent yield on interest earning assets, rates paid on interest-bearing liabilities and the resultant spread at or during the three-month periods ended September 30, 2024, and September 30, 2023. Non-accruing loans have been included in the table as loans carrying a zero yield. 
 NET INTEREST INCOME ANALYSIS ON A TAX EQUIVALENT BASIS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 
 Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average interest earning assets: Cash and cash equivalents 25,187 360 5.69 21,298 302 5.63 Loans 1,429,928 20,115 5.60 1,435,284 19,083 5.27 Investment securities 236,960 1,966 3.30 252,226 2,119 3.33 Other investments 12,553 71 2.25 15,511 268 6.85 Total interest earning assets 1,704,628 22,512 5.25 1,724,319 21,772 5.01 Average interest-bearing liabilities: Savings accounts 170,777 450 1.05 199,279 328 0.65 Demand deposits 357,201 2,152 2.40 354,073 1,863 2.09 Money market 381,369 3,126 3.26 298,098 1,889 2.51 CD s 379,722 4,437 4.65 358,238 3,308 3.66 Total deposits 1,289,069 10,165 3.14 1,209,688 7,388 2.42 FHLB Advances and other borrowings 80,338 1,062 5.26 182,967 2,263 4.91 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,369,407 11,227 3.26 1,392,655 9,651 2.75 Net interest income 11,285 12,121 Interest rate spread 1.99 2.26 Net interest margin 2.63 2.79 Average interest earning assets to average interest-bearing liabilities 1.24 1.24 

64 

NET INTEREST INCOME ANALYSIS ON A TAX EQUIVALENT BASIS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023: 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average Balance Interest Income/ Expense Average Yield/ Rate Average interest earning assets: Cash and cash equivalents 19,073 823 5.76 19,066 768 5.39 Loans receivable 1,441,972 60,204 5.58 1,420,423 54,169 5.10 Interest bearing deposits 84 1 1.59 Investment securities 240,054 6,038 3.36 261,507 6,505 3.33 Other investments 12,983 589 6.06 16,447 779 6.33 Total interest earning assets 1,714,082 67,654 5.27 1,717,527 62,222 4.84 Average interest bearing liabilities: Savings accounts 173,946 1,300 1.00 208,446 1103 0.71 Demand deposits 355,356 6,192 2.33 370,235 5,047 1.82 Money market accounts 378,740 9,005 3.18 298,957 4,759 2.13 CD s 364,131 12,215 4.48 300,279 6,989 3.11 Total deposits 1,272,173 28,712 3.01 1,177,917 17,898 2.03 FHLB advances and other borrowings 108,897 4,176 5.12 214,034 7,722 4.82 Total interest bearing liabilities 1,381,070 32,888 3.18 1,391,951 25,620 2.46 Net interest income 34,766 36,602 Interest rate spread 2.09 2.38 Net interest margin 2.71 2.85 Average interest earning assets to average interest bearing liabilities 1.24 1.23 

65 

Rate/Volume Analysis. The following tables present the dollar amount of changes in interest income and interest expense for the components of interest earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities that are presented in the preceding table. For each category of interest earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, information is provided on changes attributable to: (1) changes in volume, which are changes in the average outstanding balances multiplied by the prior period rate (i.e., holding the initial rate constant); and (2) changes in rate, which are changes in average interest rates multiplied by the prior period volume (i.e., holding the initial balance constant). Rate changes have been discussed previously in the net interest income section above. For the three month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, average earning assets decreased modestly due to net principal repayments on available for sale AFS and held-to-maturity HTM security portfolios and a less than 1 decline in loan balances. Average interest-bearing liabilities saw customer preferences leading to growth in money market and certificate accounts, with the growth in deposits funding a decrease in FHLB advances. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same period in 2023, loan volume increases due to organic growth, primarily in late 2023 and early 2024, more than offset a reduction in low-yielding AFS and HTM securities. For the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, the volume change in interest-bearing liabilities are similar to the three months ended September 30, 2024, explanation . 
 RATE / VOLUME ANALYSIS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Increase (decrease) due to Volume Rate Net Interest income: Cash and cash equivalents 56 2 58 Loans (71) 1,103 1,032 Investment securities (127) (26) (153) Other investments (42) (155) (197) Total interest earning assets (184) 924 740 Interest expense: Savings accounts (53) 175 122 Demand deposits 17 272 289 Money market accounts 592 645 1,237 CD s 207 922 1,129 Total deposits 763 2,014 2,777 FHLB Advances and other borrowings (1,352) 151 (1,201) Total interest bearing liabilities (589) 2,165 1,576 Net interest income 405 (1,241) (836) 

66 

RATE / VOLUME ANALYSIS 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands) 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Increase (decrease) due to Volume Rate Net Interest income: Cash and cash equivalents 55 55 Loans receivable 833 5,202 6,035 Interest bearing deposits (1) (1) Investment securities (539) 72 (467) Other investments (158) (32) (190) Total interest earning assets 135 5,297 5,432 Interest expense: Savings accounts (207) 404 197 Demand deposits (210) 1,355 1,145 Money market accounts 1,459 2,787 4,246 CD s 1,674 3,552 5,226 Total deposits 2,716 8,098 10,814 FHLB advances and other borrowings (4,018) 472 (3,546) Total interest bearing liabilities (1,302) 8,570 7,268 Net interest income 1,437 (3,273) (1,836) 
 Provision for Credit Losses. We determine our provision for credit losses provision based on our desire to provide an adequate Allowance for Credit Losses ACL - Loans to reflect estimated lifetime losses in our loan portfolio and ACL - Unfunded Commitments to reflect estimated losses on our unfunded commitments to lend. We use a third-party model to collectively evaluate and estimate the ACL on loans and unfunded commitments on a pooled basis. The model pools loans and commitments with similar characteristics and calculates an estimated loss rate for the pool based on identified risk drivers. These risk drivers vary with loan type. Projections about future economic conditions and the effect they could have on future losses are inherent in the model. Loans with uniquely identified circumstances and risks are individually evaluated. Lifetime losses on these loans are estimated based on the loans individual characteristics. 
 The total benefit, i.e., negative provision, for credit losses for the third quarter ended September 30, 2024,was 0.4 million compared to a negative provision for credit losses of 0.3 million for the quarter ended September 30, 2023. The third quarter of 2024 negative provision was due to decreases in ACL related to: (1) on-balance sheet ACL of 0.1 million; and (2) reductions in off-balance sheet reserves to fund commitments of 0.3 million. The third quarter ended September 30, 2023, negative provision for credit losses was primarily due to net recoveries on an agricultural credit and the impact of the payoff of two large loans. 
 The total benefit, i.e., negative provision, for credit losses was 2.725 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a provision for credit losses of 0.175 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the negative provision was due to decreases in ACL related to: (1) the 0.9 million impact of loan portfolio decreases and credit quality improvements; (2) 0.6 million due to improvements in the Moody s economic scenario per our third-party provider; (3) reductions in off-balance sheet reserves to fund commitments of 0.9 million; (4) a decrease in the allowance for credit losses on individually evaluated loans of 0.5 million largely in the first quarter; and (5) net loan recoveries. The provision for credit losses for the nine months ended September 30, 2023, was 0.175 million, primarily the result of growth in the loan portfolio, partially offset by the impact of net recoveries of 0.187 million, reductions in reserves on individually evaluated loans and third quarter 2023 loan payoffs. 
 Continued strong economic conditions in our markets, as evidenced by unemployment rates below the national average in our two largest population centers, have resulted in positive overall economic trends for businesses. The impact of higher 
 67 

interest rates and the impact of an inverted yield forecast are factors that the third-party model used for economic conditions in computing the ACL level. 
 Note that in discussing ACL allocations, the entire ACL balance is available for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged off. 
 Management believes that the provision recorded for the current year s three- and nine-month periods is adequate in view of the present condition of our loan portfolio and the sufficiency of collateral supporting our non-performing loans. We continually monitor non-performing loan relationships and will adjust our provision, as necessary, if changing facts and circumstances require a change in the ACL. In addition, a decline in the quality of our loan portfolio as a result of general economic conditions, factors affecting particular borrowers or our market areas, or otherwise, could all affect the adequacy of our ACL. If there are significant charge-offs against the ACL, or we otherwise determine that the ACL is inadequate, we will need to record an additional provision in the future. 
 Non-interest Income . The following table reflects the various components of non-interest income for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Non-interest Income: Service charges on deposit accounts 513 491 4.48 1,474 1,464 0.68 Interchange income 577 601 (3.99) 1,697 1,743 (2.64) Loan servicing income 643 611 5.24 1,751 1,679 4.29 Gain on sale of loans 752 299 151.51 1,998 1,501 33.11 Loan fees and service charges 165 140 17.86 704 308 128.57 Net realized gains on debt securities N/M 12 N/M Net (losses) gains on equity securities (78) 116 N/M (569) 170 N/M Bank Owned Life Insurance (BOLI) death benefit N/M 184 N/M Other 349 307 13.68 859 893 (3.81) Total non-interest income 2,921 2,565 13.88 8,098 7,770 4.22 
 Gain on sale of loans increased in the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to the three-month period ended September 30, 2023, with the increase approximately 80 attributable to higher gains on SBA loan sales and the remainder due to residential gains on sale of loans. For the nine-month periods ending September 30, 2024, and 2023, gain on sale of loans increased approximately 60 due to higher SBA gains on sale of loans and approximately 40 due to higher residential gains on sale of loans. 
 Loan fees and services charges are higher for the three-month and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, due to forbearance fees and higher late charges . 
 The decrease in net (losses) gains on equity securities between the three-month period ended September 30, 2024, and the three-month period ended September 30, 2023, is primarily the result of equity mark-to-market losses in the third quarter of 2024, and mark-to-market gains in the third quarter of 2023. The decrease in net (losses) gains on equity securities between the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, and the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, is primarily the result of the 0.4 million loss recognized as a result of an exchange of senior debt for preferred equity of a community development financial institution in the second quarter of 2024. See Investment Securities for more details. In addition, there were other equity mark-to-market losses in the second and third quarters of 2024. 
 In the second quarter of 2024, the Company recognized 0.18 million of life insurance proceeds above the carrying value of the underlying insurance policy on an employee who passed, which is reflected in Bank Owned Life Insurance (BOLI) death benefit. 

68 

Non-interest Expense. The following table reflects the various components of non-interest expense for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Three months ended September 30, Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 Change 2024 2023 Change Non-interest Expense: Compensation and related benefits 5,743 5,293 8.50 16,901 15,967 5.85 Occupancy 1,242 1,335 (6.97) 3,942 4,117 (4.25) Data processing 1,665 1,536 8.40 4,787 4,440 7.82 Amortization of intangible assets 178 179 (0.56) 536 576 (6.94) Mortgage servicing rights expense, net 163 150 8.67 427 456 (6.36) Advertising, marketing and public relations 225 185 21.62 575 472 21.82 FDIC premium assessment 201 204 (1.47) 606 608 (0.33) Professional services 336 342 (1.75) 1,249 1,153 8.33 Gains on repossessed assets, net 65 100 (35.00) 47 62 (24.19) Other 603 645 (6.51) 2,427 2,085 16.40 Total non-interest expense 10,421 9,969 4.53 31,497 29,936 5.21 Non-interest expense (annualized) / Average assets 2.29 2.15 6.51 2.31 2.18 5.96 
 Compensation expense for the three and nine-month periods ended September 30, 2024, increased from the same period in 2023, largely due to annual employee pay raises effective late first quarter of 2024, along with higher incentive compensation in both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Data processing for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, increased from the same 2023 periods, largely due to inflationary pressures and the impact of new software implementation costs to aid in future efficiency efforts. 
 Mortgage servicing rights expenses, net, increased in the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the same period in 2023, primarily due to an impairment of 0.04 million due to higher forecasted future prepayments in a small tranche of higher coupon recent loan production, partially offset by slowing prepayments on the majority of the servicing portfolio, and to a lesser extent, a smaller servicing portfolio. Mortgage servicing rights expenses, net, decreased slightly in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, compared to the comparable 2023 period, due to the impact of slowing prepayments, and to a lesser extent, a smaller servicing portfolio, partially offset by the third quarter 2024 impairment. 
 Advertising expense increased for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the same periods in 2023, due to higher marketing spends to support commercial loan and deposit growth and increased market analytics. 
 The increase in other non-interest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, from the comparable prior year period is largely due to: 1) the establishment of an SBA valuation reserve of 0.4 million in the first quarter of 2024, and 2) the second quarter 2024 write down of the remaining lease asset of a closed branch of 0.2 million, partially offset by selected one-time expense recoveries of 0.1 million. 
 Income Taxes. Provision for income taxes decreased to 0.9 million in the third quarter of 2024 from 2.5 million in the third quarter of 2023. Provision for income taxes for the nine-month period ending September 30, 2024, decreased 1.9 million, to 3.0 million, compared to 4.9 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2023, as pre-tax income decreased 0.169 million. The decrease in the effective tax rate in 2024 is primarily due to the Wisconsin state budget, signed by Governor Evers on July 5, 2023, which provides financial institutions a tax exemption on income earned on Wisconsin commercial and agricultural loans up to 5 million retroactive to January 1, 2023. This change reduces the Company s 2023 Wisconsin state income tax rate and thus, its overall effective tax rate. The third quarter ended September 30, 2023, reflects three quarters of the related 2023 tax benefit, retroactive to January 1, 2023, as a reduction of income tax expense. This positive impact was more than offset by a one-time tax expense of 1.8 million reflecting the impact of the lower 2023 Wisconsin state tax rate on the future realization of existing net deferred tax assets. 
 
 69 

BALANCE SHEET ANALYSIS 
 Cash and Cash Equivalents. Cash and cash equivalents decreased 0.5 million to 36.6 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 37.1 million at December 31, 2023. 
 Investment Securities. We manage our securities portfolio to provide liquidity, modify interest rate risk and enhance income. Our investment portfolio is comprised of securities available for sale and securities held to maturity. Securities available for sale decreased 6.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, to 149.4 million from 155.7 million at December 31, 2023. Along with principal repayments and changes in fair value, there was an exchange of a community development financial institution s senior debt for a preferred equity security in the company s operating subsidiary of 2.25 million, resulting in a decrease in AFS securities and an increase in equity securities during the second quarter of 2024. The exchange resulted in the recognition of 0.168 million of unrealized losses on available-for-sale securities, previously included in other comprehensive income, as well as an additional 0.270 million loss, for a total loss of 0.438 million. This total loss of 0.438 million was recognized on the June 30, 2024, consolidated statement of operations as net losses on equity securities. 
 Securities held to maturity decreased 4.2 million to 87.0 million during the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, from 91.2 million at December 31, 2023, due to principal repayments. 
 The amortized cost and market values of our available for sale securities by asset categories as of the dates indicated below were as follows: 
 Available for sale securities Amortized Cost Fair Value September 30, 2024 U.S. government agency obligations 14,497 14,457 Mortgage-backed securities 89,439 74,020 Corporate debt securities 44,925 41,051 Asset-backed securities 20,021 19,904 Totals 168,882 149,432 December 31, 2023 U.S. government agency obligations 16,655 16,576 Mortgage-backed securities 91,091 73,480 Corporate debt securities 47,158 41,174 Asset-backed securities 24,840 24,513 Totals 179,744 155,743 
 
 The amortized cost and fair value of our held to maturity securities by asset categories as of the dates noted below were as follows: 
 Held to maturity securities Amortized Cost Fair Value September 30, 2024 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 500 481 Mortgage-backed securities 86,533 70,565 Totals 87,033 71,046 December 31, 2023 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 600 565 Mortgage-backed securities 90,629 72,697 Totals 91,229 73,262 
 
 70 

The composition of our available for sale portfolios by credit rating as of the dates indicated below was as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Available for sale securities Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value U.S. government agency 96,246 80,821 98,977 81,351 AAA 10,366 10,322 9,695 9,508 AA 17,345 17,239 23,913 23,709 A 5,950 5,571 8,200 7,292 BBB 38,975 35,479 38,959 33,883 Non-rated Total available for sale securities 168,882 149,432 179,744 155,743 
 The composition of our held to maturity portfolio by credit rating as of the dates indicated was as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Held to maturity securities Amortized Cost Fair Value Amortized Cost Fair Value U.S. government agency 86,533 70,565 90,629 72,697 AAA AA A 500 481 600 565 Total 87,033 71,046 91,229 73,262 
 At September 30, 2024, the Bank has pledged certain of its mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of 34.7 million as collateral to secure a line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank. As of September 30, 2024, there were no borrowings outstanding on this Federal Reserve Bank line of credit. As of September 30, 2024, the Bank has pledged certain of its U.S. Government Agency securities with a carrying value of 0.4 million and mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of 1.8 million as collateral against specific municipal deposits. As of September 30, 2024, the Bank also has mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of 0.1 million pledged as collateral to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines. 
 At December 31, 2023, the Bank has pledged certain of its mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of 29.2 million as collateral to secure a line of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank. As of December 31, 2023, there were no borrowings outstanding on this Federal Reserve Bank line of credit. As of December 31, 2023, the Bank has pledged certain of its U.S. Government Agency securities with a carrying value of 0.5 million and mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of 1.9 million as collateral against specific municipal deposits. As of December 31, 2023, the Bank also has mortgage-backed securities with a carrying value of 0.2 million and U.S. Government Agencies with a carrying value of 0.4 million pledged as collateral to the Federal Home Loan Bank of Des Moines. 
 Loans. Total loans outstanding, net of deferred loan fees and costs and unamortized discount on acquired loans, decreased by 36.0 million, to 1.42 billion as of September 30, 2024, from 1.46 billion at December 31, 2023. The following table reflects the composition, of our loan portfolio at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023: 
 
 71 

September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Amount Percent Amount Percent Real estate loans: Commercial/Agricultural real estate Commercial real estate 730,459 51.3 750,531 51.4 Agricultural real estate 76,043 5.3 83,350 5.7 Multi-family real estate 239,191 16.8 228,095 15.6 Construction and land development 87,875 6.2 110,941 7.6 Residential mortgage Residential mortgage 134,944 9.5 129,021 8.8 Purchased HELOC loans 2,932 0.2 2,880 0.2 Total real estate loans 1,271,444 89.3 1,304,818 89.3 C I/Agricultural operating and Consumer Installment Loans: C I/Agricultural operating Commercial and industrial C I 119,619 8.4 121,666 8.3 Agricultural operating 27,550 1.9 25,691 1.8 Consumer installment Originated indirect paper 4,405 0.3 6,535 0.5 Other consumer 5,438 0.4 6,187 0.4 Total C I/Agricultural operating and Consumer installment Loans 157,012 11.0 160,079 11.0 Gross loans 1,428,456 100.3 1,464,897 100.3 Unearned net deferred fees and costs and loans in process (2,703) (0.2) (2,900) (0.2) Unamortized discount on acquired loans (925) (0.1) (1,205) (0.1) Total loans (net of unearned income and deferred expense) 1,424,828 100.0 1,460,792 100.0 Allowance for credit losses (21,000) (22,908) Total loans receivable, net 1,403,828 1,437,884 
 Commercial real estate CRE lending typically involves higher loan principal amounts and the repayment of these loans is generally largely dependent on the successful operation of the property or the business conducted on the property securing the loan. Commercial real estate loans may be more adversely affected by conditions in the real estate markets or in the general economy. The level of owner-occupied property versus non-owner-occupied property are tracked and monitored on a regular basis. The following table lists the portfolio characteristics of our major commercial real estate loan portfolio at September 30, 2024: 
 Non-Owner Occupied CRE Owner- Occupied CRE Multi-family CRE Construction and Development CRE Loan Balance Outstanding in Millions 489 241 239 88 Number of Loans 760 394 131 97 Average Loan Size in Millions 0.6 0.6 1.8 0.9 Approximate Weighted Average LTV 53 52 61 67 Weighted Average Seasoning in Months 42 39 38 NA Trailing 12 Month Net Charge-Offs 0.00 (0.01) 0.00 0.00 Criticized Loans in Millions 8.0 1.8 8.7 0.1 Criticized Loans as a Percent of Total 1.6 0.8 3.7 0.1 
 
 72 

The table below lists the above CRE portfolio by geographical location: 
 Non-Owner Occupied CRE Owner- Occupied CRE Multi-family CRE Construction and Development CRE Wisconsin 52 78 62 50 Minnesota 22 18 33 8 Other 26 4 5 42 
 The following table further disaggregates the composition of our commercial real estate loan portfolio by selected industry components at September 30, 2024: 
 Campground Hotel Restaurant Office Loan Balance Outstanding in Millions 151 91 54 31 Number of Loans 71 21 74 71 Average Loan Size in Millions 2.1 4.3 0.7 0.4 Approximate Weighted Average LTV 50 51 49 60 Weighted Average Seasoning in Months 34 47 39 43 Trailing 12 Month Net Charge-Offs 0.00 (0.04) 0.00 0.00 Criticized Loans in Millions 0.0 4.3 0.1 0.2 Criticized Loans as a Percent of Total 0.0 4.8 0.1 0.6 
 The table below lists our CRE portfolio selected industry components by geographical location: 
 Campground Hotel Restaurant Office Wisconsin 21 39 53 84 Minnesota 0 40 29 8 Other 79 21 18 8 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans. 
 The Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans ACL is a valuation allowance for expected future credit losses in the Company s loan portfolio as of the balance sheet date. In determining the allowance, the Company estimates credit losses over the loan s entire contractual term, adjusted for expected prepayments when appropriate. The allowance estimate considers qualitative and quantitative relevant information from internal and external sources relating to historical loss experience; known and inherent risks in our portfolio; information about specific borrowers ability to repay; estimated collateral values; current economic conditions; reasonable and supportable forecasts for future conditions; and other relevant factors determined by management. To ensure that the ACL is maintained at an adequate level, a detailed analysis is performed on a quarterly basis and an appropriate provision is made to adjust the allowance. The entire ACL balance is available for any loan that, in management s judgment, should be charged off. 
 The determination of the ACL requires significant judgement to estimate credit losses. The ACL is measured collectively on a pooled basis when similar risk characteristics exist, and on an individual basis when management determines that the loan does not share similar risk characteristics with other loans. The ACL on loans collectively evaluated is measured using the loss rate model. The Company categorizes its loan portfolio into four segments based on similar risk characteristics. Loans within each segment are pooled based on individual loan characteristics. Aggregated risk drivers are then calculated at a pool level. Risk drivers are identified attributes that have proven to be predictive of loan loss rates and vary based on loan segment and type. A loss rate is calculated and applied to the pool utilizing a model that combines the pool s risk drivers, historical loss experience, and reasonable and supportable future economic forecasts to project lifetime losses. The loss rate is then combined with the loan s balance and contractual maturity, adjusted for expected prepayments, to determine expected future losses. 
 73 

Future and supportable economic forecasts are based on national economic conditions and their reversion to the mean is implicit in the model and generally occurs over a period of two years. 
 Qualitative adjustments are made to the allowance calculated on collectively evaluated loans to incorporate factors not included in the model. Qualitative factors include but are not limited to: lending policies and procedures, the experience and ability of lending and other staff, the volume and severity of problem credits, quality of the loan review system, and other external factors. 
 Loans that exhibit different risk characteristics from the pool are individually evaluated for credit losses. Loans can be identified for individual evaluation for a variety of reasons including delinquency, nonaccrual status, risk rating and loan modification. Accruing loans that exhibit different risk characteristics from their pool may also be within scope. On these loans, an allowance may be established so that the loan is reported, net, at the lower of: (a) its amortized cost; (b) the present value of the loan s estimated future cash flows using the loan s existing rate; or (c) at the fair value of any loan collateral, less estimated disposal costs, if the loan is collateral dependent. Collateral dependency is determined using the practical expedient when: (1) the borrower is experiencing financial difficulty; and (2) repayment is expected to be provided substantially through the sale or operation of the collateral. 
 In addition, various regulatory agencies periodically review the ACL. These agencies may require the Company to make additions to the ACL or may require that certain loan balances be charged off or downgraded into classified loan categories when the agencies evaluation differs from management s evaluation based on their judgments of collectability from the information available to them at the time of examination. 
 The Allowance for Credit Losses - Unfunded Commitments is a liability for expected future credit losses on the Company s commitments to lend. The Company estimates expected credit losses over the contractual period for which the Company is exposed to credit risk, via a contractual obligation to extend credit, unless the obligation is unconditionally cancellable by the Company. The Allowance for Credit Losses - Unfunded Commitments on off-balance sheet exposures is included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 74 

Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans Roll Forward 
 (in thousands, except ratios) 
 September 30, 2024 and Three Months Ended June 30, 2024 and Three Months Ended December 31, 2023 and Three Months Ended Allowance for Credit Losses ACL ACL - Loans, at beginning of period 21,178 22,436 22,973 Loans charged off: Commercial/Agricultural real estate (39) C I/Agricultural operating Residential mortgage (4) Consumer installment (11) (12) (6) Total loans charged off (54) (12) (6) Recoveries of loans previously charged off: Commercial/Agricultural real estate 5 2 253 C I/Agricultural operating 10 10 6 Residential mortgage 4 2 2 Consumer installment 5 2 9 Total recoveries of loans previously charged off: 24 16 270 Net loan recoveries/(charge-offs) NCOs (30) 4 264 (Reversals)/additions to ACL - Loans via provision for credit losses charged to operations (148) (1,262) (329) ACL - Loans, at end of period 21,000 21,178 22,908 Average outstanding loan balance 1,429,928 1,439,535 1,458,558 Ratios: NCOs (annualized) to average loans 0.01 (0.07) 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans Activity by Segment 
 (in thousands, except ratios) 
 Commercial/Agricultural Real Estate C I/Agricultural operating Residential Mortgage Consumer Installment Total Three months ended September 30, 2024 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans: ACL - Loans, at beginning of period 17,033 1,117 2,784 244 21,178 Charge-offs (39) (4) (11) (54) Recoveries 5 10 4 5 24 (Reversals)/additions to ACL - Loans via provision for credit losses charged to operations (76) 224 (290) (6) (148) ACL - Loans, at end of period 16,923 1,351 2,494 232 21,000 
 Commercial/Agricultural Real Estate C I/Agricultural operating Residential Mortgage Consumer Installment Total Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans: ACL - Loans, at beginning of period 18,784 1,105 2,744 275 22,908 Charge-offs (39) (4) (28) (71) Recoveries 46 35 7 10 98 Additions/(reversals) to ACL - Loans via provision for credit losses charged to operations (1,868) 211 (253) (25) (1,935) ACL - Loans, at end of period 16,923 1,351 2,494 232 21,000 
 
 75 

The following table present the balance and activity in the allowance for credit losses ACL - loans by portfolio segment for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023: 
 Commercial/Agricultural Real Estate C I/Agricultural operating Residential Mortgage Consumer Installment Unallocated Total Twelve months ended December 31, 2023 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans: ACL - Loans, at beginning of period 14,085 2,318 599 129 808 17,939 Cumulative effect of ASU 2016-13 adoption 4,510 (331) 1,119 216 (808) 4,706 Charge-offs (46) (78) (36) (160) Recoveries 489 47 42 33 611 (Reversals)/additions to ACL - Loans via provision for credit losses charged to operations (254) (929) 1,062 (67) (188) ACL - Loans, at end of period 18,784 1,105 2,744 275 22,908 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans to Percentage 
 (in thousands, except ratios) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Loans, end of period 1,424,828 1,460,792 ACL - Loans 21,000 22,908 ACL - Loans to loans, end of period 1.47 1.57 
 In addition to the ACL - Loans, the Company has established an ACL - Unfunded Commitments of 0.46 million at September 30, 2024, and 1.25 million at December 31, 2023, classified in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses - Unfunded Commitments: 
 (in thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 and Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and Nine Months Ended ACL - Unfunded Commitments - beginning of period 712 1,250 Cumulative effect of ASU 2016-13 adoption Increases to ACL - Unfunded Commitments via provision for credit losses charged to operations (252) (790) ACL - Unfunded Commitments - end of period 460 460 
 Nonperforming Loans, Potential Problem Loans and Foreclosed Properties. We practice early identification of nonaccrual and problem loans in order to minimize the Bank s risk of loss. Nonperforming loans are defined as nonaccrual loans and restructured loans that were 90 days or more past due at the time of their restructure, or when management determines that such classification is warranted. The accrual of interest income is discontinued on our loans according to the following schedule: 
 Commercial/agricultural real estate loans, past due 90 days or more; 
 C I/Agricultural operating loans, past due 90 days or more; 
 Closed ended consumer installment loans, past due 120 days or more; and 
 Residential mortgage loans and open-ended consumer installment loans, past due 180 days or more. 
 When interest accruals are discontinued, interest credited to income is reversed. If collection is in doubt, cash receipts on non-accrual loans are used to reduce principal rather than being recorded as interest income. 
 76 

The following table identifies the various components of nonperforming assets and other balance sheet information as of the dates indicated below and changes in the ACL for the periods then ended: 
 September 30, 2024 and Nine Months Then Ended (1) December 31, 2023 and Twelve Months Then Ended (1) Nonperforming assets: Nonaccrual loans Commercial real estate 4,778 10,359 Agricultural real estate 6,193 391 Construction and land development 106 54 Commercial and industrial 1,956 Agricultural operating 901 1,180 Residential mortgage 1,088 1,167 Consumer installment 20 33 Total nonaccrual loans 15,042 13,184 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more 530 389 Total nonperforming loans NPLs 15,572 13,573 Other real estate owned 1,567 1,795 Other collateral owned 5 Total nonperforming assets NPAs 17,144 15,368 Average outstanding loan balance 1,441,972 1,430,035 Loans, end of period 1,424,828 1,460,792 Total assets, end of period 1,799,137 1,851,391 ACL - Loans, at beginning of period 22,908 17,939 Cumulative effect of ASU 2016-13 adoption 4,706 Loans charged off: Commercial/Agricultural real estate (39) (46) C I/Agricultural operating Residential mortgage (4) (78) Consumer installment (28) (36) Total loans charged off (71) (160) Recoveries of loans previously charged off: Commercial/Agricultural real estate 46 489 C I/Agricultural operating 35 47 Residential mortgage 7 42 Consumer installment 10 33 Total recoveries of loans previously charged off: 98 611 Net loan recoveries/(charge-offs) NCOs 27 451 (Reductions) additions to ACL - loans via provision for credit losses charged to operations (1,935) (188) ACL - Loans, at end of period 21,000 22,908 Ratios: ACL-Loans to NCOs (annualized) N/M N/M NCOs (annualized) to average loans (0.03) ACL-Loans to total loans 1.47 1.57 ACL-Loans to nonaccrual loans 139.61 173.76 Nonaccrual loans to total loans 1.06 0.90 NPLs to total loans 1.09 0.93 NPAs to total assets 0.95 0.83 
 (1) Loan balances are stated at amortized cost. 
 
 77 

Nonaccrual Loans Roll Forward: 
 Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Balance, beginning of period 8,352 8,413 13,184 13,456 15,663 Additions 7,486 352 961 538 33 Charge offs (53) Transfers to OREO (124) (23) Return to accrual status (190) Payments received (641) (411) (5,767) (781) (1,994) Other, net (31) (2) 35 (6) (3) Balance, end of period 15,042 8,352 8,413 13,184 13,456 
 Nonperforming assets were 17.1 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 15.4 million at December 31, 2023. Nonperforming assets increased largely due to one agricultural real estate loan relationship in forestry services that moved from special mention to substandard and was placed on nonaccrual in the third quarter. This increase was offset by nonperforming loan payoffs of 5.4 million during the first quarter of 2024. 
 Refer to the Allowance for Credit Losses - Loans and Nonperforming Loans, Potential Problem Loans and Foreclosed Properties sections above for more information related to nonperforming loans. 
 Below is a summary of loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty during the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Term Extension Loan Class Amortized Cost Basis at September 30, 2024 of Total Class of Financing Receivables Residential mortgage 5 Other Consumer 1 0.02 Other-Than-Insignificant Payment Delay Loan Class Amortized Cost Basis at September 30, 2024 of Total Class of Financing Receivables Commercial real estate 1,182 0.16 
 
 78 

The table below shows a summary of criticized loans, split by special mention and substandard for the past five quarters. From September 30, 2023 through June 30, 2024, special mention credit loans decreased in each quarter. In the first and second quarters of 2024, this was due to loan payoffs. Special mention loans increased by 2.2 million to 11.0 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 8.8 million at June 30, 2024. The increase was largely due to one loan of 8.7 million, which is secured by a multi-family unit. The addition of the multi-family unit to special mention was partially offset by the movement of a 7.7 million agricultural real estate loan relationship in forestry services that moved to substandard and was placed on nonaccrual. 
 
 (in thousands) (Loan balance at unpaid principal balance) September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Special mention loan balances 11,047 8,848 13,737 18,392 20,043 Substandard loan balances 21,202 14,420 14,733 19,596 16,171 Criticized loans, end of period 32,249 23,268 28,470 37,988 36,214 
 Mortgage Servicing Rights. Mortgage servicing rights MSR assets are initially measured at fair value; assessed at least quarterly for impairment; carried at the lower of the initial capitalized amount, net of accumulated amortization, or estimated fair value. MSR assets are amortized in proportion to and over the period of estimated net servicing income, with the amortization recorded in non-interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations. The valuation of MSRs and related amortization thereon are based on numerous factors, assumptions, and judgments, such as those for: changes in the mix of loans, interest rates, prepayment speeds, and default rates. Changes in these factors, assumptions and judgments may have a material effect on the valuation and amortization of MSRs. Although management believes that the assumptions used to evaluate the MSRs for impairment are reasonable, future adjustment may be necessary if future economic conditions differ substantially from the economic assumptions used to determine the value of MSRs. 
 The fair market value of the Company s MSR asset was 5.0 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 5.6 million at December 31, 2023. At September 30, 2024, the MSR valuation allowance was 0.36 million due to higher forecasted future prepayments in a small tranche of higher coupon recent loan production. At December 31, 2023, there was no MSR impairment or related valuation allowance. 
 The unpaid balances of one-to-four family residential real estate loans serviced for others as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, were 482.9 million and 495.5 million, respectively. The fair market value of the Company s MSR asset as a percentage of its servicing portfolio at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, was 1.04 and 1.13 , respectively. 
 Deposits. Total deposits increased 1.1 million during the quarter ended September 30, 2024, to 1.52 billion. Consumer deposits increased 22.1 million, including an increase in CDs of 17.9 million. Commercial deposits increased by 20.0 million. Brokered deposits decreased 30.1 million as the company decreased brokered MMDAs by 24.6 million and 5.5 million in brokered CDs matured and were not replaced. Public deposits decreased 10.9 million, largely due to expected seasonal outflows. Deposits by type for five quarters are detailed below: 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Consumer deposits 844,808 822,665 827,290 814,899 794,970 Commercial deposits 432,361 412,385 414,088 423,762 429,358 Public deposits 176,844 187,698 202,175 182,172 163,734 Brokered deposits 66,654 96,796 83,936 98,259 85,173 Total deposits 1,520,667 1,519,544 1,527,489 1,519,092 1,473,235 
 At September 30, 2024, the deposit portfolio composition was 56 consumer, 28 commercial, 12 public, and 4 brokered deposits compared to 54 consumer, 28 commercial, 12 public and 6 brokered deposits at December 31, 2023. 
 
 79 

September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 Non-interest bearing demand deposits 256,840 255,703 248,537 265,704 275,790 Interest bearing demand deposits 346,971 353,477 361,278 343,276 336,962 Savings accounts 169,096 170,946 177,595 176,548 183,702 Money market accounts 366,067 370,164 387,879 374,055 312,689 Certificate accounts 381,693 369,254 352,200 359,509 364,092 Total deposits 1,520,667 1,519,544 1,527,489 1,519,092 1,473,235 
 Uninsured and uncollateralized deposits were 267.1 million, or 18 of total deposits, at September 30, 2024, and 275.8 million, or 18 of total deposits, at December 31, 2023. Uninsured deposits alone, i.e., excluding fully secured government deposits, at September 30, 2024, were 413.6 million, or 27 of total deposits, and 427.5 million, or 28 of total deposits at December 31, 2023. 
 On-balance sheet liquidity collateralized new borrowing capacity and uncommitted federal funds borrowing availability was 718 million, or 269 of uninsured and uncollateralized deposits at September 30, 2024. At December 31, 2023, on-balance sheet liquidity, collateralized borrowing and uncommitted federal funds availability totaled 673.6 million, or 244 of uninsured and uncollateralized deposits . 

80 

Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances and Other Borrowings. A summary of Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) advances and other borrowings at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, is as follows: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Stated Maturity Amount Range of Stated Rates Stated Maturity Amount Range of Stated Rates Federal Home Loan Bank advances (1), (2), (3), (4) 2024 16,000 1.45 4.94 2024 64,530 0.00 5.45 2025 5,000 1.45 1.45 2025 5,000 1.45 1.45 2028 0 0.00 0.00 2028 10,000 3.82 3.82 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 21,000 79,530 Senior Notes (5) 2039 12,000 7.25 7.75 2034 18,083 6.75 7.75 Subordinated Notes (6) 2030 15,000 6.00 6.00 2030 15,000 6.00 6.00 2032 35,000 4.75 4.75 2032 35,000 4.75 4.75 50,000 50,000 Unamortized debt issuance costs (452) (618) Total other borrowings 61,548 67,465 Totals 82,548 146,995 
 (1) The FHLB advances bear fixed rates, require interest-only monthly payments, and are collateralized by a blanket lien on pre-qualifying first mortgages, home equity lines, multi-family loans and certain other loans which had a pledged balance of 1,082.0 million and 1,106.3 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024, the Bank s available and unused portion under the FHLB borrowing arrangement was approximately 414.4 million compared to 370.6 million as of December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Maximum month-end borrowed amounts outstanding under this borrowing agreement were 81.0 million and 217.5 million, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and the twelve months ended December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) The weighted-average interest rate on FHLB borrowings maturing within twelve months as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were 3.28 and 4.16 , respectively. 
 (4) In June 2024, the FHLB called the 10.0 million, 3.82 advance maturing in 2028. 
 (5) Senior notes, entered into by the Company in June 2019 consist of the following: 
 (a) A term note, which was subsequently refinanced in March 2022, modified in February of 2023, and refinanced in May 2024, requiring quarterly interest-only payments through January 2029, and quarterly principal and interest payments thereafter. Interest is variable, based on US Prime rate minus 75 basis points with a floor rate of 3.00 . 
 (b) A 5.0 million line of credit, maturing August 1, 2025, that remains undrawn upon. 
 (6) Subordinated notes resulted from the following: 
 (a) The Company s Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement entered into with certain purchasers in August 2020, which bears a fixed interest rate of 6.00 for five years. In September 2025, the fixed interest rate will be reset quarterly to equal the three-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus 591 basis points. The note is callable by the Bank when, and anytime after, the floating rate is initially set. Interest-only payments are due semi-annually each year during the fixed interest period and quarterly during the floating interest period. 
 (b) The Company s Subordinated Note Purchase Agreement entered into with certain purchasers in March 2022, which bears a fixed interest rate of 4.75 for five years. In April 2027, the fixed interest rate will be reset quarterly to equal the three-month term Secured Overnight Financing Rate plus 329 basis points. The note is callable by the Bank when, and 
 81 

anytime after, the floating rate is initially set. Interest-only payments are due semi-annually each year during the fixed interest period and quarterly during the floating interest period. 
 FHLB advances decreased 58.5 million to 21.0 million as of September 30, 2024 , compared to 79.5 million as of December 31, 2023. The decrease is a result of decreased funding needs due to increases in deposits, loan shrinkage and the FHLB s call of a 10 million advance, with an interest rate of 3.82 in June of 2024. The Company does not have any callable advances at September 30, 2024 . At September 30, 2024 , short-term FHLB advances consisted of 16.0 million maturing in 2024 and other maturities of 5 million. The Bank has an irrevocable Standby Letter of Credit Master Reimbursement Agreement with the Federal Home Loan Bank. This irrevocable standby letter of credit LOC is supported by loan collateral as an alternative to directly pledging investment securities on behalf of a municipal customer as collateral for their interest-bearing deposit balances. The Bank s current unused borrowing capacity, supported by loan collateral as of September 30, 2024 , is approximately 414.4 million. 
 At September 30, 2024 , and December 31, 2023, the Bank had the ability to borrow 27.1 million and 22.4 million from the Federal Reserve Bank of Minneapolis. The ability to borrow is based on mortgage-backed securities pledged with a carrying value of 34.7 million and 29.2 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. There were no related Federal Reserve borrowings outstanding as of September 30, 2024 , or December 31, 2023. 
 The Bank maintains two unsecured federal funds purchased lines of credit with banking partners which total 70 million. These lines bear interest at the lender banks announced daily federal funds rate, mature daily, and are revocable at the discretion of the lending institution. There were no borrowings outstanding on these lines of credit as of September 30, 2024 , or December 31, 2023. Additionally, we have a 5.0 million revolving line of credit which is available as needed for general liquidity purposes. 
 See Note 7, Federal Home Loan Bank Advances and Other Borrowings for more information. 
 Stockholders Equity. Stockholders equity was 180.1 million at September 30, 2024, compared to 173.3 million at December 31, 2023. The increase in stockholder s equity was attributable to net income of 11.0 million for the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, net unrealized gains of 3.5 million from the AFS securities portfolio reflected in accumulated other comprehensive income from December 31, 2023, partially offset by the annual cash dividend paid in February to common stockholders of 0.32 per share, or 3.3 million. 
 The Company repurchased 223 thousand shares of the Company s common stock in the third quarter of 2024 at an average price of 12.91 per share. The Company repurchased 382 thousand shares of the Company s common stock in the nine-month period ended September 30, 2024, at an average price of 12.32 per share. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 333 thousand shares remain available for repurchase under the July 2024 share repurchase authorization. 
 Liquidity and Asset / Liability Management. Liquidity management refers to our ability to ensure cash is available in a timely manner to meet loan demand, depositors needs, and meet other financial obligations as they become due without undue cost, risk, or disruption to normal operating activities. We manage and monitor our short-term and long-term liquidity positions and needs through a regular review of maturity profiles, funding sources, and loan and deposit forecasts to minimize funding risk. A key metric we monitor is our liquidity ratio, calculated as cash and unpledged securities portfolio divided by total assets. At September 30, 2024 , our on-balance sheet liquidity ratio increased by 0.1 to 11.5 from the December 31, 2023, level. 
 There are no material customers or industry deposit concentrations. A decrease in deposits during January occurred as commercial customers decreased their cash balances to support the needs of their businesses. At September 30, 2024, the deposit portfolio composition was 56 consumer, 28 commercial, 12 public, and 4 brokered deposits compared to 54 consumer, 28 commercial, 12 public and 6 brokered deposits at December 31, 2023. 
 Uninsured and uncollateralized deposits were 267.1 million, or 18 of total deposits, at September 30, 2024, and 275.8 million, or 18 of total deposits, at December 31, 2023. Uninsured deposits alone, i.e., excluding fully secured government deposits, at September 30, 2024, were 413.6 million, or 27 of total deposits, and 427.5 million, or 28 of total deposits at December 31, 2023. 
 On-balance sheet liquidity collateralized new borrowing capacity and uncommitted federal funds borrowing availability was 718 million, or 269 of uninsured and uncollateralized deposits at September 30, 2024. At December 31, 2023, on-balance sheet liquidity, collateralized borrowing and uncommitted federal funds availability totaled 673.6 million, or 244 of uninsured and uncollateralized deposits . 
 82 

Our primary sources of funds are deposits, amortization, prepayments and maturities on the investment and loan portfolios and funds provided from operations. We use our sources of funds primarily to meet ongoing commitments, to pay maturing certificates of deposit and savings withdrawals, and to fund loan commitments. While scheduled payments from the amortization of loans and maturing short-term investments are relatively predictable sources of funds, deposit flows and loan prepayments are greatly influenced by general interest rates, economic conditions, and competition. Although 365.4 million of our 381.7 million (96 CD portfolio will mature within the next 12 months, we have historically retained a majority of our maturing CD s. 
 We maintain access to additional sources of funds including FHLB borrowings and lines of credit with the Federal Reserve Bank, and our correspondent banks. We utilize FHLB borrowings to leverage our capital base, to provide funds for our lending and investment activities, and to manage our interest rate risk. Our borrowing arrangement with the FHLB calls for pledging certain qualified real estate, commercial and industrial loans, and borrowing up to 75 of the value of those loans, not to exceed 35 of the Bank s total assets. Currently, we have approximately 414.4 million available to borrow under this arrangement, supported by loan collateral as of September 30, 2024. We also had borrowing capacity of 27.1 million at the Federal Reserve Bank. The bank maintains 70 million of uncommitted federal funds purchased lines with correspondent banks as part of our contingency funding plan. In addition, the Company has a 5.0 million revolving line of credit which is available as needed for general liquidity purposes. While the Bank does not have formal brokered certificate lines of credit with counter parties at September 30, 2024, we believe that the Bank could access this market, which provides an additional potential source of liquidity, as evidenced by access to this market during the past four quarters. See Note 7, Federal Home Loan Bank and Other Borrowings of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements which are included in Part I, Item 1, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Form 10-Q, for further detail. 
 In reviewing the adequacy of our liquidity, we review and evaluate historical financial information, including information regarding general economic conditions, current ratios, management goals and the resources available to meet our anticipated liquidity needs. Management believes that our liquidity is adequate, and to management s knowledge, there are no known events or uncertainties that will result or are likely to reasonably result in a material increase or decrease in our liquidity. 
 Off-Balance Sheet Liabilities . In the ordinary course of business, the Bank has entered into off-balance sheet financial instruments, issued to meet customer financial needs. Such financial instruments are recorded in the financial statements when they become payable. These instruments include unused commitments for lines of credit, overdraft protection lines of credit and home equity lines of credit, as well as commitments to extend credit. As of September 30, 2024, the Company had approximately 147.9 million in unused loan commitments, compared to approximately 210.4 million in unused commitments as of December 31, 2023. In addition, there are 3.1 million of commitments for contributions of capital to an SBIC and an investment company at September 30, 2024. These commitments totaled 3.4 million at December 31, 2023. 
 
 83 

Capital Resources. As of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, as shown in the table below, the Bank s Tier 1 and Risk-based capital levels exceeded levels necessary to be considered Well Capitalized under Prompt Corrective Action provisions. 
 Below are the amounts and ratios for our capital levels as of the dates noted below for the Bank: 
 Actual For Capital Adequacy Purposes To Be Well Capitalized Under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio As of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) Total capital (to risk weighted assets) 226,597 15.0 120,814 > = 8.0 151,018 > = 10.0 Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 208,326 13.8 90,611 > = 6.0 120,814 > = 8.0 Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 208,326 13.8 67,958 > = 4.5 98,162 > = 6.5 Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted total assets) 208,326 11.7 71,173 > = 4.0 88,966 > = 5.0 As of December 31, 2023 (Audited) Total capital (to risk weighted assets) 228,092 14.6 124,883 > = 8.0 156,104 > = 10.0 Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 208,726 13.4 93,662 > = 6.0 124,883 > = 8.0 Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 208,726 13.4 70,247 > = 4.5 101,468 > = 6.5 Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted total assets) 208,726 11.5 72,479 > = 4.0 90,599 > = 5.0 
 At September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, the Bank was categorized as Well Capitalized under Prompt Corrective Action Provisions, as determined by the OCC, our primary regulator. 
 
 Below are the amounts and ratios for our capital levels as of the dates noted below for the Company: Actual For Capital Adequacy Purposes Amount Ratio Amount Ratio As of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) Total capital (to risk weighted assets) 231,825 15.3 120,972 > = 8.0 Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 163,554 10.8 90,729 > = 6.0 Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 163,554 10.8 68,047 > = 4.5 Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted total assets) 163,554 9.2 71,173 > = 4.0 As of December 31, 2023 (Audited) Total capital (to risk weighted assets) 230,160 14.7 124,883 > = 8.0 Tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 160,794 10.3 93,662 > = 6.0 Common equity tier 1 capital (to risk weighted assets) 160,794 10.3 70,247 > = 4.5 Tier 1 leverage ratio (to adjusted total assets) 160,794 8.9 72,479 > = 4.0 
 
 84 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Our Risk When Interest Rates Change . The rates of interest we earn on assets and pay on liabilities generally are established contractually for a period of time. Market interest rates change over time and are not predictable or controllable. Accordingly, our results of operations, like those of other financial institutions, are impacted by changes in interest rates and the interest rate sensitivity of our assets and liabilities. Like other financial institutions, our interest income and interest expense are affected by general economic conditions and policies of regulatory authorities, including the monetary policies of the Federal Reserve. The risk associated with changes in interest rates and our ability to adapt to these changes is known as interest rate risk and is our most significant market risk. 
 How We Measure Our Risk of Interest Rate Changes . As part of our attempt to manage our exposure to changes in interest rates and comply with applicable regulations, we monitor our interest rate risk through several means including through the use of third-party reporting software. In monitoring interest rate risk, we continually analyze and manage assets and liabilities based on their payment streams and interest rates, the timing of their maturities, and their sensitivity to actual or potential changes in market interest rates. 
 In order to manage the potential for adverse effects of material and prolonged increases in interest rates on our results of operations, we adopted asset and liability management policies to better align the maturities and re-pricing terms of our interest earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. These policies are implemented by our Asset and Liability Management Committee (ALCO). The ALCO is comprised of members of the Bank s senior management and Board of Directors. The ALCO establishes guidelines for and monitors the volume and mix of our assets and funding sources, taking into account relative costs and spreads, interest rate sensitivity and liquidity needs. The Committee s objectives are to manage assets and funding sources to produce results that are consistent with liquidity, cash flow, capital adequacy, growth, risk, and profitability goals for the Bank. The ALCO meets on a regularly scheduled basis to review, among other things, economic conditions and interest rate outlook, current and projected liquidity needs and capital position, anticipated changes in the volume and mix of assets and liabilities and interest rate risk exposure limits versus current projections pursuant to net present value of portfolio equity analysis. At each meeting, the Committee recommends strategy changes, as appropriate, based on this review. The Committee is responsible for reviewing and reporting on the effects of the policy implementations and strategies to the Bank s Board of Directors on a regularly scheduled basis. 
 In managing our assets and liabilities to achieve desired levels of interest rate risk, we have focused our strategies on: 
 originating shorter-term secured commercial, agricultural and consumer loan maturities; 
 originating variable rate commercial and agricultural loans; 
 the sale of a vast majority of longer-term fixed-rate residential loans in the secondary market with retained servicing; 
 managing our funding needs growing core deposits; 
 utilize brokered certificate of deposits and borrowings as appropriate, which may have fixed rates with varying maturities; 
 purchasing investment securities for liquidity management and to modify our interest rate risk profile. 
 At times, depending on the level of general interest rates, the relationship between long- and short-term interest rates, market conditions and competitive factors, the ALCO may determine to increase the Bank s interest rate risk position somewhat in order to maintain or improve its net interest margin. 
 85 

The following table sets forth, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, an analysis of our interest rate risk as measured by the estimated changes in Economic Value of Equity EVE resulting from an immediate and permanent shift in the yield curve (up 300 basis points and down 200 basis points). 
 Percent Change in Economic Value of Equity (EVE) Change in Interest Rates in Basis Points bp Rate Shock in Rates (1) At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 +300 bp 0 0 +200 bp 0 0 +100 bp 0 0 -100 bp 0 0 -200 bp (2) (2) 
 (1) Assumes an immediate and parallel shift in the yield curve at all maturities. 
 Our overall interest rate sensitivity is demonstrated by net interest income shock analysis, which measures the change in net interest income in the event of hypothetical changes in interest rates. This analysis assesses the risk of change in our net interest income over the next 12 months in the event of an immediate and parallel shift in the yield curve (up 300 basis points and down 200 basis points). The table below presents our projected change in net interest income for the various rate shock levels at September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023. 
 Percent Change in Net Interest Income Over One Year Horizon Change in Interest Rates in Basis Points bp Rate Shock in Rates (1) At September 30, 2024 At December 31, 2023 +300 bp (11) (13) +200 bp (7) (8) +100 bp (4) (4) -100 bp 3 4 -200 bp 5 7 
 (1) Assumes an immediate and parallel shift in the yield curve at all maturities. 
 Note: The table above may not be indicative of future results. 
 The projected changes in net interest income in the rate shock scenarios are largely due to the impact of growth in short-term certificates of deposits, which reprice faster and at a higher rate than other deposit products. The assumptions used to measure and assess interest rate risk include interest rates, loan prepayment rates, deposit decay (runoff) rates, and the market values of certain assets under differing interest rate scenarios. Actual values may differ from those projections set forth above should market conditions vary from the assumptions used in preparing the analysis. Further, the computations do not contemplate any actions we may undertake in response to changes in interest rates. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )) that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the Securities and Exchange Commission s rules and forms, and that the information required to be disclosed in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, we recognize that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives, and management necessarily was required to apply judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. We have designed our disclosure controls and procedures to reach a level of reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. We carried out an evaluation as of September 30, 2024, under the supervision and with the participation of the Company s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the 
 86 

effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30, 2024, at reaching a level of reasonable assurance. 
 
 There was no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the Company s most recently completed fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 In the normal course of business, the Company and/or the Bank occasionally become involved in other various legal proceedings. In our opinion, any liability from such proceedings would not have a material adverse effect on the business or financial condition of the Company. 
 87 

Item 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The information in this Form 10-Q should be read in conjunction with the risk factors described in Risk Factors in Item 1A of our 2023 10-K and the information under Forward-Looking Statements in this Form 10-Q and in our 2023 10-K. 
 
 Item 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 (a) Not applicable. 
 (b) Not applicable. 
 (c) Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 On July 23, 2021, the Board of Directors adopted a share repurchase program, pursuant to which Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. is authorized to repurchase 532,962 shares of its common stock, or approximately 5 of the outstanding shares on that date. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the remaining 43,159 shares were repurchased under this 2021 share repurchase program. On July 25, 2024, the Board of Directors authorized an additional stock repurchase program of 5 or 512,709 shares. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, 180,046 shares were repurchased under this program. As of September 30, 2024, an additional 332,663 shares remain available for repurchase under the 2024 share repurchase program. 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Number of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs July 1, 2024 - July 31, 2024 555,868 August 1, 2024 - August 31, 2024 207,205 12.89 207,205 348,663 September 1, 2024 - September 30, 2024 16,000 13.25 16,000 332,663 Total 223,205 12.91 223,205 
 
 Item 3. DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Rule 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, none of our Section 16 officers or directors or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement or non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K during the covered period. 
 88 

Item 6. EXHIBITS 
 (a) Exhibits 
 10.1 
 Business Note, dated August 1, 2024, issued by Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. to Chippewa Valley Bank (filed herewith) 
 31.1 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Company s Chief Executive Officer 
 31.2 
 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of the Company s Chief Financial Officer 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 (Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002) 
 101 The following financial statements from the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline XBRL: (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity, (v) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (vi) Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, tagged as blocks of text and including detailed tags. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 
 This certification is not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 
 89 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. Date: November 5, 2024 
 By: /s/ Stephen M. Bianchi Stephen M. Bianchi Chief Executive Officer Date: November 5, 2024 
 By: /s/ James S. Broucek James S. Broucek Chief Financial Officer 
 90 

<EX-10.1>
 2
 ex101.htm
 EX-10.1

ex101 

. The daily interest rate will be calculated on the basis of a 365 day year, which means that it is calculated by dividing.365 Day Rate Calculation2) Customer understands andthe applicable stated interest rate in section 4(a), (b) or (c), above, as applicable, and in section 4(d), above, by 365. agrees that calculating the daily interest rate using a 365 day year means the actual annual interest rate in a 366 day leap year is higher than the stated interest rate in section 4(a), (b) or (c), above, as applicable, and in section 4(d), above. (d) Commitment fee in the amount of . and shall not be less than However, the stated interest rate shall not exceed percentage points. The stated interest rate shall be adjusted on the change dates provided below. date described below the stated interest rate shall be is: RateIndexThe minus BUSINESS CREDIT AGREEMENT (Business Purpose Loans) Boxes checked are applicable Boxes not checked are inapplicable In addition, Customer shall immediately pay any amount by which the Loans exceed the Credit Limit, any prior unpaid payments and any unpaid fees and charges. Lender is authorized to automatically charge payments due under this Agreement to any account of Customer with Lender. If payments are not automatically charged to Customer's account, payments must be made to Lender at its address shown below and are not credited until received in Lender's office. Lender is authorized to make book entries evidencing Loans and payments under this Agreement and the aggregate unpaid amount of below:Customer may obtain Loans under this Agreement only as provided Procedures.2. Loan business days' prior notice of any Loan requested under this Agreement, specifying the date andCustomer shall give Lender at least by crediting the amount of the Loan to Customer's deposit accountamount of the Loan. Lender will make the Loan available to Customer bywith Lender no. . with Lender is less thancollected balance in Customer's deposit account no. ledger Whenever the on any business day Trigger Amount ), for whatever reason, Customer requests Lender to automatically advance funds in increments of to such deposit account in an amount sufficient to increase the balance to the Trigger Amount, Agreement.or such lesser amount as may be available to Customer under this (a) (b) (c) Customer agrees to pay any fees and charges described in this Agreement as Loans under this Agreement if such fees and charges are not required by Lender to be paid in cash by Customer at the time the fee or charge is incurred under this Agreement. Furthermore, charges for credit insurance if separately requested by Customer may be charged by Lender as Loans to Customer under this Agreement. Agreement:Customer agrees to pay to Lender the following nonrefundable fees as a condition of access to Loans under this Fees. 3. payable . . (a) (b) (c) Interest shall accrue before maturity (whether by acceleration or lapse of time) at the stated interest rate(s) identified in section 4(a), (b) or4. Interest. interest rate ), as applicable, on the unpaid principal balance, calculated as provided in section 4(f) below:stated (c) below (each a [Check (a), (b) or (c); only one shall apply.] Customer agrees to pay to Lender the unpaid principal balance of Loans outstanding under this Agreement and accrued interest5. Payment Schedule. as follows: .Dated as ofThis Agreement includes the Additional Provisions on page 2. (a) (b) (SEAL) By (SEAL) Lender)(Name of (SEAL) (SEAL) (SEAL) (SEAL) The stated interest rate is variable and will adjust to equal the Index Rate (defined below) plus . The Index Rate may or may not be the lowest rate charged by Lender. The stated interest rate shall be adjusted on the following change dates: A change in the interest rate will apply both to the unpaid principal balance of Loans outstanding under this Agreement and to new Loans. If the Index Rate ceases to be made available to Lender during the term of this Agreement, Lender may substitute a comparable index. Fixed Interest Rate. Variable Interest Rate. . thereafter.and until Stepped Fixed Interest Rate. If section 4(b) or 4(c) is checked, a change in the interest rate will result in an increase or decrease in the amount of each payment of interest due under this Agreement. Interest shall accrue on unpaid principal and interest after maturity (whether by acceleration or lapse of time) until paidInterest After Maturity. at the stated interest rate ofpercentage points at the stated interest rate(s) under 4(a), (b) or (c) above, as applicable, plus , calculated as provided in section 4(f) below. [Check (1) or (2); only one shall apply.] The daily interest rate will be calculated on the basis of a 360 day year, which means that it is calculated by dividing.360 Day Rate Calculation(1) Customer understands andthe applicable stated interest rate in section 4(a), (b) or (c), above, as applicable, and in section 4(d), above, by 360. agrees that calculating the daily interest rate using a 360 day year means the actual annual interest rate in a 365 day year and in a 366 day leap year is higher than the stated interest rate in section 4(a), (b) or (c), above, as applicable, and in section 4(d), above. Page 1 of 2 (g) day after its due date, Lender may collect aIf any payment (other than the final payment) is not made on or before the Other Charges. . Customer agrees to pay a charge of of the unpaid amount delinquency charge of for each check or electronic debit presented for payment under this Agreement which is returned unsatisfied. a/na/na/n Compounding. Prior to maturity (whether by acceleration or lapse of time), unpaid and past due interest shall bear interest from its due date at the stated interest rate then in effect for this Agreement, calculated as provided in section 4(f) below. (e) Interest will be calculated by applying a daily interest rate for the actual number of days interest is owing, up to 365 days inInterest Calculation. a full year or 366 days in a full leap year. The daily interest rate will be calculated as follows: (f) The undersigned Customer , whether one or more) agrees with the undersigned lender Lender as follows: 1. Loans. Customer requests that Lender lend to Customer from time to time such amounts as Customer may request in accordance with this Agreement (the Loans ), and subject to the terms of this Agreement, Lender agrees to make such Loans up to (a) the aggregate principal amount of ____________________ at any time outstanding (the Credit Limit ), within which amount Customer may borrow, repay and reborrow under this Agreement (b) the aggregate principal amount of ________________________________ (the Credit Limit ). Lender is not obligated to but may make Loans in excess of the Credit Limit, and in any event Customer is liable for and agrees to pay to Lender at Lender's address shown below all Loans, interest and other charges made to or imposed on Customer under this Agreement. If checked here, the date final payment is due Maturity Date shall thereafter automatically extend from year to year for one year periods from the original Maturity Date, unless Lender gives Customer written notice to the contrary at least ______________ days prior to the then current Maturity Date. all Loans as evidenced by those entries is presumptive evidence that those amounts are outstanding and unpaid to Lender. All payments shall be applied in such order as Lender elects to charges and amounts due under this Agreement. W. B. A. 448 BCA (4/20/20) 11238 eFIPCO 2020 Wisconsin Bankers Association/Distributed by FIPCO Until the first change The minimum stated interest rate shall not be applicable until the first rate change date. . Exhibit 10.1Loan Number: 52497 5,000,000.00 X n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a n/a X Upon written request of Stephen Bianchi or James S Broucek, jointly or individually X 7,500.00 to Chippewa Valley Bank n/a n/a X 4.000 X 0.750 n/a 7.750 The highest U.S. Prime Rate as published in the Wall Street Journal Money Table as and when the index rate changes and becomes effective. as and when the index rate changes and becomes effective X 5.000 n/a X 10th X 5.000 n/a 15.00 Interest payments are due beginning November 1, 2024 and on the same day(s) of each third month thereafter, plus a final payment of the unpaid principal and interest is due on August 1, 2025. n/a August 1, 2024 Chippewa Valley Bank Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 15755 County Hwy B, Hayward, WI 54843 A Maryland Corporation By Rick Gerber, Chief Executive Officer Stephen Bianchi, President CEO By James S Broucek, EVP, CFO, Treasurer Secretary Note #52497 Port #422260 Product #10407 (Renewal of annual Line of Credit) 2174 Eastridge Center, Eau Claire, WI 54701 

PROVISIONSADDITIONAL Customer consents that venue for any legal proceeding relating to enforcement of this Agreement shall be, at Lender's option, the16. Venue. Upon the occurrence of any one or more of the following events of default: (a) Customer fails to pay any amount10. Default and Acceleration. when due under this Agreement or under any other instrument evidencing any indebtedness of Customer to Lender, (b) any information provided by Customer in connection with this Agreement is or was false or fraudulent in any material respect, (c) a material adverse change occurs in Customer's orfinancial condition, (d) Customer fails to timely observe or perform any of the duties contained in this Agreement, (e) Customer, Customer's spouse ofany surety or guarantor for any of the Customer's indebtedness under this Agreement dies, ceases to exist, becomes insolvent or the subject anybankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, (f) any guaranty of Customer's obligations under this Agreement is revoked or becomes unenforceable for reason, or (g) an event of default occurs under any Security Document; then, at Lender's option, and upon written notice to Customer, Lender s obligation to make Loans under this Agreement shall terminate and the total unpaid balance shall become immediately due and payable without Loanspresentment, demand, protest, or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by Customer. Lender's obligation to make Customerunder this Agreement shall automatically terminate and the total unpaid balance shall automatically become due and payable in the event priorbecomes the subject of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings. Lender may waive any default without waiving any other subsequent or (includingdefault. Customer agrees to pay all costs of collection, before and after judgment, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys' fees involvingthose incurred in successful defense or settlement of any counterclaim brought by Customer or incident to any action or proceeding directors,Customer brought pursuant to the United States Bankruptcy Code). Customer agrees to indemnify and hold harmless Lender, its officers, fees,employees and agents, for, from and against any and all claims, damages, judgments, penalties and expenses, including reasonable attorneys' thisarising directly or indirectly from credit extended under this Agreement or the activities of Customer. This indemnity shall survive termination of Loans.Agreement, the repayment of all Loans and the discharge and release of any collateral for the No amendment or modification of any provision of this Agreement shall in any event be effective unless it is in writing and signed17. Amendment. by Lender and Customer. Any waiver by Lender shall be in writing and is effective only in the specific instance and for the specific purposes for which given. THIS AGREEMENT AND THE SECURITY DOCUMENTS ARE INTENDED BY LENDER AND12. Entire Agreement; Use of Proceeds. CUSTOMER AS A FINAL EXPRESSION OF THIS AGREEMENT AND AS A COMPLETE AND EXCLUSIVE STATEMENT OF ITS TERMS, THERE BEING NO CONDITIONS TO THE FULL EFFECTIVENESS OF THIS AGREEMENT EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN THIS AGREEMENT AND THE SECURITY DOCUMENTS, AND THIS AGREEMENT MAY NOT BE CONTRADICTED OR VARIED BY EVIDENCE OF PRIOR, CONTEMPORANEOUS OR SUBSEQUENT ORAL AGREEMENTS OR DISCUSSIONS OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT. THERE ARE Customer represents and warrants to Lender that no part of any LoanNO ORAL AGREEMENTS AMONG THE PARTIES TO THIS AGREEMENT. will be used for personal, family or household purposes. If more than one person signs this Agreement as Customer, any Customer acting alone may request Loans under13. More Than One Customer. this Agreement, but each Customer is jointly and severally liable for all Loans and other obligations under this Agreement. Customer represents that the legal name of Customer and the address of Customer's principal residence are as set forth15. Name and Address. on page 1. Customer shall not change its legal name or address without providing at least 30 days prior notice of the change to Lender. Each Customer acknowledges that Lender has not made any representations or warranties with respect to, and that Lender18. Interpretation. does not assume any responsibility to Customer for, the collectibility or enforceability of this Agreement or the financial condition of any Customer. Each Customer has independently determined the collectibility and enforceability of this Agreement. The validity, construction and enforcement of this Agreement are governed by the internal laws of Wisconsin except to the extent such laws are preempted by federal law. Invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provisions of this Agreement. provisions.)(If none stated, there are no other Provisions.20. Other This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of Lender and Customer and their respective heirs, personal19. Persons Bound. under this Agreement. representatives, successors and assigns, except that Customer may not assign or transfer any of Customer's rights Business Credit Agreement Page 2 of 2EWI448BCA Rev. 4/21/2020 7. Collateral Disclaimer. Lender disclaims as collateral security for this Agreement (i) any real estate mortgage or security agreement covering real property on which any building is located in a special flood hazard area, and (ii) any mobile home located in a special flood hazard area, when such collateral security arises under a mortgage or agreement between Lender and Customer and any indorser or guarantor of this Agreement or any other person 8. Financial Statement. Customer shall furnish to Lender financial statements at least annually and such other financial information respecting Customer at such times and in such form as Lender may request from time to time. 9. Security Interest. Except for collateral disclaimed as security for this Agreement under section 7 of this Agreement, this Agreement is secured by all existing and future security agreements, assignments and mortgages from any Customer to Lender, from any guarantor of this Agreement to Lender, and from any other person providing collateral security for Customer's obligations to Lender under this Agreement (each a Security Document and collectively the Security Documents ), and payment of the Loans may be accelerated according to any of them. Unless a lien would be prohibited by law or would render a nontaxable account taxable, Customer also grants to Lender a security interest and lien in any deposit account Customer may at any time have with Lender. Lender may at any time after the occurrence of an event of default set-off any amount unpaid under this Agreement against any deposit balances or other money now or hereafter owed to Customer by Lender. 11. No Waiver; Remedies. No failure on the part of Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any right, power or remedy under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver of such right, power or remedy; nor shall any single or partial exercise of any right under this Agreement preclude any other or further exercise of the right or the exercise of any other right. All rights and remedies of Lender are cumulative and may be exercised from time to time together, separately, and in any order. 6. Termination. Lender s obligation to make Loans under this Agreement shall terminate, and Customer shall have no further right to obtain Loans under this Agreement, upon the first to occur of any of the following: (a) When full and final payment of all unpaid principal and interest is due under section 5. (b) At any time, with or without cause, upon written notice from Lender to Customer. (c) Upon written notice by Lender to Customer following an event of default under section 10, or, without notice at such time that Customer becomes the subject of bankruptcy or other insolvency proceedings. (d) At such date and time that Lender has received and is reasonably able to react to written notice of termination from Customer. Notice of termination signed by a Customer is binding on each Customer who signs this Agreement. Customer shall continue to make payments when required under section 5. (e) ___________________________________________________________________________________________________________________ If Section 6(b) or 6(e), above, is checked, and Lender s obligation to make Loans terminates as a result, then the total unpaid balance shall automatically become immediately due and payable in full may be paid when required under section 5. Termination of Lender s obligation to make Loans under this Agreement, for whatever reason or by whichever party, does not affect Lender's rights, powers, and privileges with regard to, nor Customer's duties and liabilities to pay, the then existing balance due, or to perform Customer s other obligations under this Agreement. 14. Notice. Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, all notices required or provided for under this Agreement shall be in writing and mailed, sent or delivered, if to Customer, at any Customer's last known address or email address as shown on the records of Lender, and if to Lender, at its address shown on page 1, or, as to each party, at such other address as shall be designated by such party in a written notice to the other party. All such notices shall be deemed duly given when delivered by hand or courier, or three business days after being deposited in the mail (including any private mail service), postage prepaid, provided that notice to Lender pursuant to section 6 shall not be effective until received by Lender and Lender has a reasonable opportunity to act on the notice. providing collateral security for Customer s obligations; provided, however, Lender does not disclaim any such collateral security arising under a real estate mortgage or security agreement taken contemporaneously with this Agreement or real estate mortgage(s) or security agreement(s) in favor of Lender, whenever taken, from ______________________________________________________________________________________________, dated _________________________________. A special flood hazard area is an area designated as such under the National Flood Insurance Program. county in which Lender has its principal office in this state, the county in which Customer resides in this state, or the county in this state in which this Agreement was executed by Customer, and Customer submits to the jurisdiction of any such court. X If Lender reasonably believes that any collateral securing the Loan, or the value hereof, is impaired or threatened in any way. n/a n/a Secured by but not limited to the following collateral: All shares of stock issued by Citizens Community Federal National Association CCFNA and held by Debtor, including without limitation 1,000,000 shares represented by stock Certificate #1 issued by CCFNA which, as of the date hereof, represents 100 of all outstanding stock of CCFNA and any re-issuance or replacement thereof as previously granted under Collateral Pledge Agreement dated August 1, 2018. This Business Credit Agreement is amended by the General Rider to Business Credit Agreement, dated as of the date hereof, executed by Customer and Lender. 

GENERAL RIDER TO BUSINESS CREDIT AGREEMENT This General Rider to Business Credit Agreement (this Rider is made and entered into as of August 1st, 2024 (the Effective Date ), by and between Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc., a Maryland corporation Customer ), and Chippewa Valley Bank Lender ). WHEREAS, on the Effective Date, Customer and Lender are entering into a Business Credit Agreement (the Credit Agreement renewal evidencing a line of credit in an aggregate principal amount of up to 5,000,000 (the Loan WHEREAS, the obligations, liabilities and indebtedness of Customer with respect to the Loan will be secured by a security interest in certain investment property of Customer pursuant to the terms of a Collateral Pledge Agreement; and WHEREAS, Customer and Lender wish to amend the terms and provisions of the Credit Agreement as set forth herein. NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants, agreements and promises herein contained, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is acknowledged by all parties, the parties do hereby agree as follows, notwithstanding any other provisions to the contrary set forth in the Credit Agreement: 1. Definitions. All capitalized terms used herein shall have the same meaning as defined in the Credit Agreement, unless otherwise defined in this Rider. 2. Amendments to Credit Agreement. The Credit Agreement is hereby amended as follows: (a) Section 8 of the Credit Agreement is amended in its entirety to read as follows: 8. Financial Statement. Customer shall furnish to Lender financial statements at least annually and such other publically available financial information respecting Customer at such times and in such form as Lender may reasonably request from time to time. Customer shall have satisfied its requirement to deliver financial statements if such statements are publically available through https://www.ccf.us/about-us/investor- relations.html. (b) The first sentence of Section 10 of the Credit Agreement is deleted in its entirety and replaced with the following language: Upon the occurrence of any one or more of the following events of default: (a) Customer fails to pay any amount within 10 days after such amount is due under this Agreement or under any other instrument evidencing any indebtedness of Customer to Lender, (b) any information provided by Customer in connection with this Agreement is or was false or fraudulent in any material respect, (c) a material adverse change occurs in Customer's financial condition, (d) Customer fails to timely observe or perform any of the duties contained in this Agreement, (e) Customer, Customer's spouse or any surety or guarantor for any of the Customer's indebtedness under this Agreement dies, ceases to exist, becomes insolvent or the subject of bankruptcy or insolvency proceedings, (f) any guaranty of Customer's obligations under this Agreement is revoked or becomes unenforceable for any reason, or (g) an event of default occurs under any Security Document; then, at Lender's option, and upon written notice to Customer, Lender s obligation to make Loans under this Agreement shall terminate and the total unpaid balance shall become immediately due and payable without presentment, demand, protest, or further notice of any kind, all of which are hereby expressly waived by Customer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if an event of default occurs under Section 10(d), Customer shall have 10 days after notice thereof to 

2 cure such event of default, provided that Lender, in its reasonable discretion, deems such event of default curable. (c) Section 14 of the Credit Agreement is amended to add not to exceed 3 business days at the end of the last sentence. (d) The following provisions are added to the end of Section 20 of the Credit Agreement: Waiver of Jury Trial. CUSTOMER AND LENDER HEREBY KNOWINGLY AND VOLUNTARILY WAIVE THE RIGHT EACH OF THEM MAY HAVE TO A JURY TRIAL WITH RESPECT TO ANY ACTION OR CLAIM BASED ON OR ARISING OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THIS AGREEMENT, ANY COURSE OF CONDUCT, COURSE OF DEALING, STATEMENTS (WHETHER VERBAL OR WRITTEN) OR ANY OTHER ACTION OF ANY PARTY. 3. Inconsistency. To the extent there is any inconsistency between the Credit Agreement and this Rider, this Rider shall control. [Signature Page Follows] 

3 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties have executed this Rider as of the Effective Date and agree to be bound by all provisions of this Rider. CUSTOMER: CITIZENS COMMUNITY BANCORP, INC. By: ______________________________ Stephen Bianchi, President Chief Executive Officer By: ______________________________ James S Broucek, EVP, CFO, Treasurer Secretary LENDER: CHIPPEWA VALLEY BANK By: ______________________________ Rick Gerber, Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-10.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 czwi-20240930xex311.htm
 SECTION 302 CEO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Stephen M. Bianchi, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 By s Stephen M. Bianchi Stephen M. Bianchi President and Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 czwi-20240930xex312.htm
 SECTION 302 CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, James S. Broucek, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 By s James S. Broucek James S. Broucek Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 czwi-20240930xex321.htm
 SECTION 906 CEO AND CFO CERTIFICATION

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF PERIODIC FINANCIAL REPORT 
 PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, each of the undersigned officers of Citizens Community Bancorp, Inc. (the Company certifies that the Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company as of the dates and for the periods presented in the financial statements included in such report. 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 By s Stephen M. Bianchi Stephen M. Bianchi President and Chief Executive Officer, Chairman of the Board (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 Date November 5, 2024 
 By s James S. Broucek James S. Broucek Executive Vice President, Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 
 The above certifications are made solely for the purpose of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, subject to the knowledge standard contained therein, and not for any other purpose. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 czwi-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 czwi-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 czwi-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 czwi-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 czwi-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

