<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241226_10-Q_edgar_data_2032950_0001929980-24-000672.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>2147598</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>63803</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>467560</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>409915</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>523756</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>650595</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001929980-24-000672.hdr.sgml : 20241226
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241226143024
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001929980-24-000672
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		41
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241226
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241226

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0002032950
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	05 Real Estate & Construction
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-42406
		FILM NUMBER:		241580543

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1412 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		21ST FLOOR, SUITE 21V
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(646)257-5537

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1412 BROADWAY
		STREET 2:		21ST FLOOR, SUITE 21V
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10018

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001929980-24-000672.txt : 20241226

10-Q
 1
 hspt_10q.htm
 FORM 10-Q

hspt_10q.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the quarterly period ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _______ to _______ Commission file number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) N/A (State or other jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer incorporation or organization) Identification No.) , , , , (Address of principal executive offices) ) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has (1) filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (clso 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of December 26, 2024, there were ordinary shares of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share issued and outstanding. HORIZON SPACE ACQUISITION II CORP. FORM 10-Q FOR THE QUARTERLY PERIOD ENDED SEPTEMBER 30, 2024 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page Part I. Financial Information 3 Item 1. Financial Statements (Unaudited) 3 CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 3 UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 4 UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDER'S DEFICIT 5 UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 6 Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 7 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 18 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 22 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 22 Part II Other Information 23 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 23 Item 1A. Risk Factors 23 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 23 Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 23 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 23 Item 5. Other Information 23 Item 6. Exhibits 24 Signatures 25 2 Table of Contents PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements HORIZON SPACE ACQUISITION II CORP. CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (Unaudited) (Audited) Assets Current Assets Prepaid expense Total Current Assets Non-current assets Deferred offering costs Total Assets Liabilities and Shareholder's Deficit Amount due to a related party Accrued expense Total Current Liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Shareholder's Deficit: Preferred share, par value, shares authorized, none issued and outstanding Ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding (1) (2) Additional paid-in capital Subscription receivable Accumulated deficit Total Shareholder's Deficit Total Liabilities and Shareholder s Deficit (1) On July 26 2024, (i) the Sponsor acquired 1,725,000 founder shares for a purchase price of 25,000, and (ii) the Sponsor surrendered 1 ordinary share, all share amount have been retroactively restated to reflect this issuance and surrender of shares. (see Note 5). (2) This number includes an aggregate of up to 225,000 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 3 Table of Contents HORIZON SPACE ACQUISITION II CORP. UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Period from March 21, 2023 (Inception) to September 30, 2023 Formation and operating costs Net loss Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares outstanding (1) (2) Basic and diluted net loss per ordinary share (1) On July 26 2024, (i) the Sponsor acquired 1,725,000 founder shares for a purchase price of 25,000, and (ii) the Sponsor surrendered 1 ordinary share, all share amount have been retroactively restated to reflect this issuance and surrender of shares. (see Note 5). (2) This number excludes an aggregate of up to 225,000 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 4 Table of Contents HORIZON SPACE ACQUISITION II CORP. UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDER'S DEFICIT (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) Preferred Shares Ordinary Shares Additional Paid-in Subscription Accumulated Total Shareholder's Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Receivable Deficit (Deficit) Balance as of January 1, 2024 - Net loss - - Collection of subscription receivable - - Balance as of June 30, 2024 - Net loss - - Balance as of September 30, 2024 - Additional Total Preferred Shares Ordinary Shares Paid-in Subscription Accumulated Shareholder's Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Receivable Deficit Deficit Balance as of March 21, 2023 (inception) - Founder share issued to initial shareholder (1 )(2) - Net loss - - - Balance as of June 30, 2023 - Net loss - - Balance as of September 30, 2023 - (1) On July 26 2024, (i) the Sponsor acquired 1,725,000 founder shares for a purchase price of 25,000, and (ii) the Sponsor surrendered 1 ordinary share, all share amount have been retroactively restated to reflect this issuance and surrender of shares. (see Note 5). (2) This number includes an aggregate of up to 225,000 ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriters, On November 21, 2024, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full, all 225,000 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. (see Note 5). The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 5 Table of Contents HORIZON SPACE ACQUISITION II CORP. UNAUDITED CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Currency expressed in United States Dollars US ), except for number of shares) For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 For the Period from March 21, 2023 (Inception) to September 30, 2023 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net loss Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Accrued expense Net Cash Used in Operating Activities Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from sale of ordinary shares Payment of deferred offering costs Net Cash Provided by Financing Activities Net Change in Cash Cash, beginning of the period Cash, end of the period Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: Accrued expense paid by Sponsor Prepaid expense paid by Sponsor Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor for settlement of subscription receivable Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor The accompanying notes are an integral part of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 6 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp. Notes To Financial Statements units Units ). . The Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of . On November 19, 2024, the underwriter notified the Company of its exercise of the over-allotment option in full to purchase additional Units of the Company (the Over-Allotment Option ). As a result, on November 21, 2024, Units were sold to the underwriter at an offering price of per Option Unit (the Option Units and together with the Units, collectively, the Public Units ), generating gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of units (the Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, at a price of per Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Option Units, the Company completed a private placement sale of additional units (the Additional Private Units and together with the Initial Private Units, collectively, the Private Units to the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Additional Private Unit, generating gross proceeds of . Transaction costs amounted to , consisting of of underwriting commissions which was paid in cash at the closing date of the IPO, of the Representative Shares (discussed in the below), and of other offering costs. At the IPO date, cash of was held outside of the Trust Account (as defined below) and is available for the payment of accrued offering costs and for working capital purposes. In conjunction with the IPO, the Company issued to the underwriter ordinary shares for no consideration (the Representative Shares ). The fair value of the Representative Shares accounted for as compensation under Accounting Standards Codification ASC 718, Compensation Stock Compensation ASC 718 is included in the offering costs. The estimated fair value of the Representative Shares as of the IPO date totaled 297,045. In connection with the issuance and sales of the Option Units, the Company issued additional Representative Shares to the underwriter. The Company s initial Business Combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the Trust Account (excluding interest income earned on the Trust Account that is released to the Company to pay taxes) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete such Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 7 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp. Notes To Financial Statements of interest to pay liquidation expenses) divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and Board of Directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to public rights or private rights. The rights will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the 12-month time period (or up to 18 months from the closing of this offering if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination by the full amount of time). 8 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp. Notes To Financial Statements , on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. Going Concern Consideration As of September 30, 2024, the Company had a working capital deficit of . The Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of a Business Combination. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plan in addressing this uncertainty is through the Working Capital Loans, as defined below (see Note 5). In addition, if the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period by November 18, 2025, unless further extended, the Company s board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of the Company. There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate a Business Combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that such additional condition also raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Emerging Growth Company Status 9 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp. Notes To Financial Statements Cash and Cash Equivalents Deferred Offering Costs Net Loss Per Ordinary share ordinary shares that are subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised by the underwriters (see Note 5). At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 20223, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary share and then share in the earnings of the Company. As a result, diluted loss per share is the same as basic loss per share for the period presented. Ordinary shares Subject to Possible Redemption 10 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp. Notes To Financial Statements Income Taxes 11 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp. Notes To Financial Statements Related parties Recent Accounting Pronouncements units, at a price of per Unit. , if any. On November 19, 2024, the underwriter notified the Company of its exercise of the over-allotment option in full to purchase additional Option Units of the Company. On November 21, 2024, Option Units were sold to the underwriter at an offering price of per Option Unit, generating gross proceeds of . 12 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp. Notes To Financial Statements Initial Private Placement Units at a price of per Initial Private Placement Units for an aggregate purchase price of . Each Initial Private Placement Unit was identical to the Public Units sold in the IPO, except as described below. Simultaneously with the closing of the Option Units on November 21, 2024, the Company consummated the sale of additional Additional Private Placement Units to the Sponsor at a price of per Additional Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of . The Sponsor has agreed to waive its redemption rights with respect to its Private Placement shares (i) in connection with the consummation of a Business Combination, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial Business Combination or to redeem100 of the Company s public shares if the Company does not complete the Company s initial Business Combination within 12 months after the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the completion of this offering if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination by the full amount of time), and (iii) if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination within 12 months after the closing of this offering (or up to 18 months from the completion of this offering if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination by the full amount of time) or if the Company liquidates prior to the expiration of the 12-month period (or up to 18 months from the completion of this offering if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination by the full amount of time). However, the Sponsor will be entitled to redemption rights with respect to any public shares held by it if the Company fails to consummate a Business Combination or liquidate within the 12-month period (or up to18 months if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination by the full amount of time). The Sponsor has agreed not to transfer, sell or assign the Private Units and the underlying securities until the consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination. to the Sponsor without consideration. On July 26, 2024, the Sponsor acquired ordinary shares Founder Shares for a purchase price of , or approximately per share and surrendered 1 ordinary share, all share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect this issuance and . As of November 18, 2024, there were Founder Shares issued and outstanding, amount with up to Founder Shares are subject to forfeiture if the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised. On November 21, 2024, the underwriters exercised their over-allotment option in full, all Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. The Founder Shares are designated as ordinary shares and are identical to the Private Placement shares except for the following (a) Founder Shares must be voted in favor of any proposed Business Combination and cannot vote for amendments that would prevent public shareholders from converting or selling their shares in connection with a Business Combination, (b) Founder Shares cannot be converted into cash from the Trust Account in connection with a shareholder vote to approve the initial Business Combination or amend shareholders rights or pre-Business Combination activity. They do not participate in liquidating distributions if a Business Combination is not consummated. (c) Founder Shares cannot be transferred, assigned, or sold until the earlier of six months after the initial Business Combination or upon certain triggering events (e.g., liquidation, merger). If the share price exceeds 12.00 for 20 out of 30 trading days post-Business Combination, the lock-up is released. 13 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp. Notes To Financial Statements to be used for a portion of the expenses of the Proposed Public Offering. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had not drawn on this promissory note. Amount Due to A Related Party Amount due to a related party represents advancement made by the sponsor to the Company to pay formation expenses and a portion of the expenses of this offering. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had amount due to related party amounted to and , respectively. Working Capital Loans In addition, in order to meet with the Company s working capital needs following the consummation of this offering or to extend the Company s life, the Company s founders, officers and directors or their affiliates/designees may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds, from time to time or at anytime, in whatever amount they deem reasonable in their sole discretion. Each loan Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by a promissory note. The notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of the notes may be converted upon consummation of our Business Combination into working capital units the Working Capital Units at a price of per unit in addition to the convertible notes in connection with the potential extensions. The Company s shareholders have approved the issuance of the units and underlying securities upon conversion of such notes, to the extent the holder wishes to so convert them at the time of the consummation of the initial Business Combination. If the Company do not complete a Business Combination, the loans will not be repaid. The Working Capital Units would be identical to the Private Units sold in the Private Placement. The terms of such loans by the Sponsor or its affiliates, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Administrative Support Services Commencing on the date that the Company s securities are first listed on NASDAQ through the earlier of consummation of the Company s initial Business Combination and liquidation, the Company will pay an affiliate of Sponsor a total of per month for office space, administrative and support services. 14 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp. Notes To Financial Statements units to cover over-allotments, if any. On November 21, 2024, the underwriters exercised the Option Unit in full. The Company has agreed to pay an underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or (or up to if the underwriters over-allotment is exercised in full) to the underwriters at the closing of the IPO in addition to the issuance of the Representative Shares. was paid at the closing of the IPO on November 18, 2024. In connection with the issuance and sales of the Option Units, additional was paid on November 21, 2024. Representative Shares The Company has agreed to issue to the underwriter ordinary shares (or up to ordinary shares if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in part or in full) (the Representative Shares ), upon the consummation of the IPO. These shares were registered in the IPO. In connection with the IPO, the Company issued Representative Shares to the underwriter with a fair value of . In connection with the issuance and sales of the Option Units, the Company issued additional Representative Shares to the underwriter with a fair value of . The underwriter has agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any such shares until the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. In addition, the underwriter has agreed (i) to waive its redemption rights with respect to such shares in connection with the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and (ii) to waive its rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the periods of time. The Representative Shares are subject to a lock-up for a period of 180 days immediately following the commencement of sales of this offering pursuant to FINRA Rule 5110(e)(1). Pursuant to this FINRA lock-up, these securities cannot be sold, transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated or the subject of any hedging, short sale, derivative, put or call transaction that would result in the economic disposition of the securities by any person for a period of 180 days from the commencement of sales of this offering except as permitted under FINRA Rule 5110(e)(2), including to any underwriter and selected dealer participating in the offering and their officers or partners, registered persons or affiliates. These securities have resale registration rights including three demand (one at the Company s expense and two at the underwriter s expense) and unlimited piggy-back rights at any time, and from time to time. shares of preferred share, with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 15 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp. Notes To Financial Statements ordinary shares, with a par value of per share. On March 21, 2023, the Company issued one ordinary share of a par value of to the Sponsor without consideration. On July 26, 2024, the Sponsor acquired Founder Shares (up to of which are subject to forfeiture) at a price of approximately per share for an aggregate of and surrendered one ordinary share. All share amounts have been retroactively restated to reflect this issuance. on August 2, 2024, Sponsor transferred (i) to each independent director nominee Founder Shares, in the aggregate amount of Founder Shares, and (ii) to Chief Financial Officer, Founder Shares, all at the original purchase price when the Sponsor acquired such shares. As of September 30, 2024, there were shares of ordinary share issued and outstanding, Shareholders of ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Unless specified in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable share exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares that are voted at a shareholder meeting (in person or by proxy) is required to approve any such matter voted on by the Company s shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. The Company s board of directors will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election of directors can elect all of the directors. The Company s shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Rights Each holder of a right will automatically receive one-tenth (1/10) of one ordinary share upon consummation of the Company initial Business Combination, even if the holder of such right redeemed all ordinary shares held by it in connection with the initial Business Combination or an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with respect to our pre-business combination activities. In the event the Company will not be the surviving company upon completion of its initial Business Combination, each right will automatically be converted to receive the kind and amount of securities or properties of the surviving entity that each one-tenth of a share of ordinary shares underlying each right is entitled to upon consummation of the Business Combination, subject to any dissenter rights under the applicable law. No additional consideration will be required to be paid by a holder of rights in order to receive its additional ordinary shares upon consummation of an initial Business Combination. The shares issuable upon the conversion of the rights will be freely tradable (except to the extent held by the Company s affiliates). If the Company enters into a definitive agreement for a Business Combination in which the Company will not be the surviving entity, the definitive agreement will provide for the holders of rights to receive the same per share consideration the holders of the ordinary shares will receive in the transaction on an as-converted into ordinary shares basis. The Company will not issue fractional shares in connection with a conversion of rights. Fractional shares will either be rounded down to the nearest whole share or otherwise addressed in accordance with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act and any other applicable law. As a result, the holders hold rights in multiples of ten in order to receive shares for all of your rights upon closing of a business combination. If the Company is unable to complete an initial business combination within the required time period and liquidate the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of rights will not receive any of such funds with respect to their rights, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such rights, and the rights will expire worthless. Additionally, in no event will be required to net cash settle the rights. Accordingly, the rights may expire worthless. The Company shall reserve such amount of its profits or share premium in order to pay up the par value of each share issuable in respect of the rights. 16 Table of Contents Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp. Notes To Financial Statements units Units ). . The Units were sold at an offering price of per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO and the sale of the Units, the Company consummated the private placement Private Placement of units (the Private Placement Units to the Sponsor, at a price of per Private Placement Unit, generating total proceeds of , On November 21, 2024, Option Units were sold to the underwriter at an offering price of per Option Unit, generating gross proceeds of and deposited into the Trust Account. Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Option Units, the Company completed a private placement sale of additional Additional Private Placement Units to the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Additional Private Placement Unit, generating gross proceeds of . In connection with the issuance and sales of the Option Units, the Company issued additional Representative Shares to the underwriter. 17 Table of Contents Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. Forward-Looking Statements This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes forward-looking statements. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. References to the Company , us, our, or we refer to Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our unaudited financial statements and related notes herein. Overview We are a blank check company formed under the laws of Cayman Island on March 21, 2023, for the purpose of entering into a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, recapitalization, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities, which we refer to as a target business. Our efforts to identify a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region. Because of our significant ties to China, we may pursue opportunities in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). We presently have no revenue, have had losses since inception from incurring formation and operating costs and have had no operations other than identifying and evaluating suitable acquisition transaction candidates. We have relied upon the working capital available to us following the consummation of the IPO (as defined below) and the Private Placement (as defined below) to fund our operations, as well as the funds loaned by the Sponsor (as defined below), our officers, directors or their affiliates. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete our initial business combination will be successful. On November 18, 2024, we consummated the initial public offering (the IPO of 6,000,000 units (the Units ). Each Unit consists of one ordinary share, 0.0001 par value per share (each, an Ordinary Share ), and one right (each, a Right ), each one Right entitling the holder thereof to exchange for one-tenth of one Ordinary Share upon the completion of the Company s initial business combination. The Units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 60,000,000. On November 19, 2024, Maxim Group LLC, the representative of the underwriters of the IPO (the Representative notified us of its exercise of the over-allotment option in full to purchase additional 900,000 Units of the Company (the Over-Allotment Option ). As a result, on November 21, 2024, 900,000 Units were sold to the Representative at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit (the Option Units and together with the Units, collectively, the Public Units ), generating gross proceeds of 9,000,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, we consummated the private placement of 200,000 units (the Initial Private Units to our Sponsor, Horizon Space Acquisition II Sponsor Corp. (the Sponsor ), at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 2,000,000. Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Option Units, we completed a private placement sale of additional 13,500 units (the Additional Private Units and together with the Initial Private Units, collectively, the Private Units to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per Additional Private Unit, generating gross proceeds of 135,000. The sale of the Initial Private Units and the Additional Private Units are collectively referred to herein as the Private Placement . 18 Table of Contents The proceeds of 69,000,000 10.00 per Unit) from the IPO, the sale of the Option Units, and the Private Placement were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account established for the benefit of our public shareholders and the underwriters of the IPO with Wilmington Trust, N.A. acting as trustee. We also issued to the Representative, 241,500 Ordinary Shares as part of the underwriting compensation (the Representative Shares ), among which, 210,000 were issued on the closing of the IPO and 31,500 were issued simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Option Units. The Representative Shares are identical to the Ordinary Shares included in the Units, with certain exceptions. Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were related to the Company s formation and the IPO. There has been no significant change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements. After the IPO, we expect to incur increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for expenses associated with the search for target opportunities. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we had a net loss of 33,604 and 44,710, respectively, all of which consisted of formation and operating expenses. For the period from March 21, 2023 (inception) through September 30, 2023, we had a net loss of 4,255, which consisted of formation and operating expenses. Liquidity and Capital Resources As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 0 available for working capital needs. We intend to use substantially all of the net proceeds of the IPO, including the funds held in the Trust Account, to acquire a target business or businesses and to pay our expenses relating thereto. To the extent that our share capital is used in whole or in part as consideration to effect our initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account as well as any other net proceeds not expended will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business. Such working capital funds could be used in a variety of ways including continuing or expanding the target business operations, for strategic acquisitions and for marketing, research and development of existing or new products. Such funds could also be used to repay any operating expenses or finders fees which we had incurred prior to the completion of our initial business combination if the funds available to us outside of the Trust Account were insufficient to cover such expenses. Over the next 12 months (assuming a business combination is not consummated prior thereto), we will be using the funds held outside of the Trust Account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates, performing business due diligence on prospective target businesses, traveling to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses, reviewing corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, selecting the target business to acquire and structuring, negotiating and consummating the business combination. If our estimates of the costs of undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating our initial business combination is less than the actual amount necessary to do so, or the amount of interest available to us from the Trust Account is less than we expect as a result of the current interest rate environment, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to consummate our initial business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our initial business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only consummate such financing simultaneously with the consummation of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. 19 Table of Contents As of September 30, 2024, we had cash of 0 and working capital deficiency of 175,658. We have incurred and expect to continue to incur significant professional costs to remain as a publicly traded company and to incur significant transaction costs in pursuit of the consummation of a business combination. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that these conditions raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our management s plan in addressing this uncertainty is through the funds loaned from our Sponsor, officers, directors or their affiliates. In addition, if we are unable to complete a business combination by November 18, 2025 (or up to May 18, 2026, if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a Business Combination) (the Combination Period ), our board of directors would proceed to commence a voluntary liquidation and thereby a formal dissolution of us. There is no assurance that our plans to consummate a business combination will be successful within the Combination Period. As a result, management has determined that such additional conditions also raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities that would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of September 30, 2024. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations As of September 30, 2024, we do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. The Ordinary Shares initially issued to the Sponsor prior to the consummation of the IPO (the Founder Shares , Ordinary Shares included in the Private Units, and any Ordinary Shares that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any underlying securities) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into in connection with the IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to two demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Critical Accounting Estimates We prepare our financial statements in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of financial statements also requires us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, costs and expenses and related disclosures. We base our estimates on historical experience and on various other assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under the circumstances. Actual results could differ significantly from the estimates made by our management. We have not identified any critical accounting estimates. 20 Table of Contents Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 ), to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and free-standing instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 as of inception of the Company. Adoption of the ASU did not impact the Company s financial position, results of operations or cash flows. In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU No. 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280): Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures, which requires the disclosure of additional segment information. ASU No. 2023-07 is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of adopting ASU 2023-07. In December 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-09, Income taxes (Topic 740): Improvements to Income Tax Disclosure ASU 2023-09 ), which enhances the transparency and usefulness of income tax disclosures. ASU 2023-09 will be effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted for annual financial statements that have not yet been issued or made available for issuance. The Company is currently evaluating the impact of the pending adoption of ASU 2023-09 on its financial statements. Except as mentioned above, the Management does not believe other recently issued but not yet effective accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the on our financial statements. 21 Table of Contents Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to make disclosures under this Item. Item 4. Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and our principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 22 Table of Contents PART II OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings We are not currently a party to any material litigation or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. Item 1A. Risk Factors Not applicable to a smaller reporting company. Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities On November 18, 2024, we consummated the IPO of 6,000,000 Units at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 60,000,000. Maxim Group LLC acted as representative of the underwriters. The securities sold in the IPO were sold pursuant to a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No.: 333-282758). The registration statement became effective on November 12, 2024. On November 19, 2024, the Representative notified us of its exercise of the over-allotment option in full to purchase additional 900,000 Units of the Company. As a result, on November 21, 2024, 900,000 Units were sold to the Representative at an offering price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 9,000,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, we consummated the private placement of 200,000 Units to our Sponsor at a price of 10.00 per Private Unit, generating total proceeds of 2,000,000. Simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Option Units, we completed a private placement sale of additional 13,500 Units to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 135,000. The proceeds of 69,000,000 10.00 per Unit) from the IPO, the sale of the Option Units, and the Private Placement were placed in the Trust Account. We also issued to the Representative, 241,500 Ordinary Shares as part of the underwriting compensation, among which, 210,000 Ordinary Shares were issued on the closing of the IPO and 31,500 Ordinary Shares were issued simultaneously with the issuance and sale of the Option Units. The Representative Shares are identical to the Ordinary Shares included in the Units, with certain exceptions. Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities None. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. Item 5. Other Information None. 23 Table of Contents Item 6. Exhibits. Exhibit No. Description 3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Associate, dated November 12, 2024 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 18, 2024). 4.1 Rights Agreement, dated November 14, 2024, between the Company and VStock Transfer, LLC, as rights agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 18, 2024). 10.1 Private Unit Subscription Agreement dated November 14, 2024, between the Company and Horizon Space Acquisition II Sponsor Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 18, 2024). 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated November 14, 2024, between the Company and Wilmington Trust, N.A., as trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 18, 2024). 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated November 14, 2024, between the Company, Horizon Space Acquisition II Sponsor Corp., and the Company s directors and officers. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 18, 2024). 10.4 Letter Agreement, dated November 14, 2024, among the Company, Horizon Space Acquisition II Sponsor Corp., and officers and directors of the Company. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 18, 2024). 10.5 Indeminification Agreement, dated November 14, 2024, between the Company and the officers and directors of the Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 18, 2024). 10.6 Administrative Service Agreement, dated November 14, 2024, between the Company and H orizon Space Acquisition II Sponsor Corp. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on November 18, 2024). 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) Filed herewith. Furnished. 24 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp. Date: December 26, 2024 By: /s/ Mingyu (Michael) Li Mingyu (Michael) Li Chief Executive Officer Date: December 26, 2024 By: /s/ Min (Lydia) Zhai Min (Lydia) Zhai Chief Financial Officer 25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 hspt_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 hspt_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION I, Mingyu (Michael) Li, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, of Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 26, 2024 By: /s/ Mingyu (Michael) Li Mingyu (Michael) Li Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 hspt_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 hspt_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION I, Min (Lydia) Zhai, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, of Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal controls over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: December 26, 2024 By: /s/ Min (Lydia) Zhai Min (Lydia) Zhai Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 hspt_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 hspt_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 The undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp. (the Company ), for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: (1) The Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: December 26, 2024 By: /s/ Mingyu (Michael) Li Mingyu (Michael) Li Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 hspt_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 hspt_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 The undersigned hereby certifies, in his capacity as an officer of Horizon Space Acquisition II Corp. (the Company ), for the purposes of 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of his knowledge: (1) The Quarterly Report of the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: December 26, 2024 By: /s/ Min (Lydia) Zhai Min (Lydia) Zhai Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 hspt-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 hspt-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 hspt-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 hspt-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

