<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241119_10-Q_edgar_data_1838162_0001213900-24-100170.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4738709</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>109306</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1002545</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>933470</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1205153</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1415916</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-24-100170.hdr.sgml : 20241119
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241119161920
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-24-100170
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		53
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241119
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241119

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Slam Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001838162
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	COMMUNICATION SERVICES, NEC [4899]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40094
		FILM NUMBER:		241476395

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-888-8066

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		500 FIFTH AVENUE
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10110

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-24-100170.txt : 20241119

10-Q
 1
 ea0220930-10q_slam.htm
 FORM 10-Q

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the quarterly period ended 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION
13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 to 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (IRS Employer 
Identification No.) 

, , New York, (Address Of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code 

Not Applicable 

(Former name or former address, if changed since
report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered OTCQX Best Market OTCQX Best Market OTCQX Best Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing
requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

As of November 19, 2024, Class A ordinary
shares, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001
per share (the Class B ordinary shares ), were issued and outstanding. 

SLAM CORP. 

Form 10-Q 

For the Quarter Ended September 30, 2024 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 
 Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 1 

Condensed Balance Sheets as of September 30, 2024 (Unaudited) and December 31, 2023 
 
 1 

Condensed Statements of Operations for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 2 

Condensed Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit for the Three and Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 3 

Condensed Statements of Cash Flows for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 (Unaudited) 
 
 4 

Notes to Unaudited Condensed Financial Statements 
 
 5 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 23 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 26 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 26 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 27 
 
 Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 
 
 27 
 
 Item 2. 
 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds from Registered Securities 
 
 28 
 
 Item 3. 
 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 28 
 
 Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 28 
 
 Item 5. 
 
 Other Information 
 
 28 
 
 Item 6. 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 29 
 
 Item 7. 
 
 Signatures 
 
 30 

i 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Condensed Financial Statements 

SLAM CORP. 

CONDENSED BALANCE SHEETS 

September 30, 
 December 31, 

2024 
 2023 

(unaudited) 

Assets: 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Cash held in Trust Account 

Total Assets 

Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit: 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Total current liabilities 

Promissory Notes related party 

Backstop agreement liability 

Advances from related party 

Working Capital Loans related party 

Derivative warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commissions 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value; shares at redemption value of approximately and per share as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 

Shareholders Deficit: 

Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; none issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; no non-redeemable shares issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total shareholders deficit 

Total Liabilities, Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

1 

SLAM CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Three Months Ended 
September 30, 
 For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 2024 
 2023 

General and administrative expenses 

General and administrative expenses related party 

Total operating expenses 

Other income (loss): 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of backstop agreement 

Issuance of backstop agreement 

Income from cash held in Trust Account 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class A ordinary shares, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A ordinary shares 

Weighted average shares outstanding of Class B ordinary shares, basic and diluted 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class B ordinary shares 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

2 

SLAM CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

(UNAUDITED) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED SEPTEMBER
30, 2024 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2023 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares
 subject to possible redemption 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2024 (unaudited) 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Net loss 

Balance June 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2024 (unaudited) 

FOR THE THREE AND NINE MONTHS ENDED
SEPTEMBER 30, 2023 

Ordinary Shares 
 Additional 
 
 Total 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Shareholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance December 31, 2022 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary
 shares subject to possible redemption 

Net loss 

Balance March 31, 2023 (unaudited) 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary
 shares subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance June 30, 2023 (unaudited) 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary
 shares subject to possible redemption 

Net income 

Balance September 30, 2023 (unaudited) 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

3 

SLAM CORP. 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

(UNAUDITED) 

For the Nine Months Ended September 30, 

2024 
 2023 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Change in fair value of Backstop agreement 

Issuance of Backstop agreement 

Income from cash held in Trust Account 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Cash deposited in Trust Account 

Cash withdrawn for redemptions 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds received from promissory note - related party 

Advances from related party 

Redemption of Public Shares 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash beginning of the period 

Cash end of the period 

The accompanying notes are an integral part
of these unaudited condensed financial statements. 

4 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units (the Units and, with respect to the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public
Shares ), including additional Units to cover over-allotments (the Over-Allotment Units ), at per
Unit, generating gross proceeds of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately
 million was for deferred underwriting commissions (see Note 5). 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the private placement (the Private Placement of warrants (each, a Private
Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants ), at a price of per Private Placement Warrant
with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of million (see Note 4). 

Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering
and the Private Placement, million per Unit) of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and certain of the proceeds
of the Private Placement were placed in a trust account (the Trust Account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust
Company acting as trustee and will be invested in United States government securities within the meaning set forth in Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or
less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only
in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of (i) the completion of an initial business
combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account as described below. On February 17, 2023, the Company liquidated the U.S. government
treasury obligations or money market funds held in the Trust Account. The funds in the Trust Account will be maintained in cash in an
interest-bearing demand deposit account at a bank until the earlier of consummation of an initial business combination and liquidation.
Interest on such deposit account is currently approximately - per annum, but such deposit account carries a variable rate, and
the Company cannot provide any assurance that such rate will not decrease or increase significantly. 

The Company s management team Management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of its Initial Public Offering and the sale of the Private
Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating an initial
business combination. The Company s initial business combination must be with one or more operating businesses or assets with a
fair market value equal to at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and
taxes payable on the income earned on the Trust Account) at the time the Company signs a definitive agreement in connection with the initial
business combination. However, the Company will only complete an initial business combination if the post-business combination company
owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target business or otherwise acquires a controlling interest
in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

5 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per share, plus
any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations).
The per-share amount to be distributed to Public Shareholders who redeem their Public Shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting
commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters (as discussed in Note 5). These Public Shares will be recorded at a redemption value
and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering, in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards
Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 
In such case, the Company will proceed with an initial business combination if a majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the
initial business combination. If a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company
does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to the amended and restated memorandum
and articles of association which were adopted by the Company upon the consummation of the Initial Public Offering (the Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities
and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing an initial business
combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transactions is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements,
or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction
with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. Additionally, each public shareholder
may elect to redeem their Public Shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were
a public shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. If the Company seeks shareholder
approval in connection with an initial business combination, the holders of the Founder Shares prior to the Initial Public Offering (the
 Initial Shareholders agreed to vote their Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4) and any Public Shares purchased during
or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of an initial business combination. In addition, the Initial Shareholders agreed to waive
their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and Public Shares in connection with the completion of an initial business
combination. In addition, the Company agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without
the prior consent of the Sponsor. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Company s
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder
or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more
than an aggregate of or more of the Class A ordinary shares sold in the Initial Public Offering, without the prior consent of the
Company. 

The Company s Sponsor, officers, directors
and special advisor agreed not to propose an amendment to the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association
(A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow the redemption of its Public Shares in connection with
an initial business combination or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete an initial business combination
within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (B) with respect to any other provisions relating to shareholders rights, unless
the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares in conjunction with any such
amendment. 

On February 2, 2023, Barbara Byrne notified the
Company of her decision to resign as a member of the board of directors of the Company (the Board ), effective as of February
2, 2023. Ms. Byrne s resignation was not the result of any dispute or disagreement with the Company or any matter relating to the
Company s operations, policies or practices. Also on February 2, 2023, the Company announced the appointment of Alex Zyngier as
a new director of the Company. Mr. Zyngier has been appointed to serve on the audit committee of the Company, with such appointment effective
upon his becoming a director of the Company. 

On April 25, 2023, Ann Berry notified the Company
of her decision to resign as a member of the Board, effective as of April 25, 2023. Ms. Berry s resignation was not the result of
any dispute or disagreement with the Company or any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices. Also on
April 25, 2023, the Company announced the appointment of Lisa Harrington as a new director of the Company. Ms. Harrington has been appointed
to serve on the compensation committee and audit committee of the Company, with such appointments effective upon her becoming a director
of the Company. 

On September 30, 2023, Joseph Taeid notified the
Company of his decision to resign as Chief Financial Officer of the Company, effective as of September 30, 2023. Mr. Taeid s resignation
was not the result of any dispute or disagreement with the Company or any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies
or practices. On October 4, 2023, the Company appointed Ryan Bright as the new Chief Financial Officer of the Company. The appointment
was effective October 4, 2023. 

6 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding
Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive
further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of the remaining shareholders and the Board, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company s
obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable
law. 

On February 21, 2023, the Company held an extraordinary
general meeting of shareholders (the Extension Meeting to (i) amend the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum
and Articles of Association (the Articles Amendment to extend the date by which the Company has to consummate an initial
business combination from February 25, 2023 to May 25, 2023 (such proposal, the Extension Amendment Proposal and (ii) remove
the limitation that the Company may not redeem public shares to the extent that such redemption would result in the Company having net
tangible assets (as determined in accordance with Rule 3a51-1(g)(1) the Exchange Act of less than (the Redemption Limitation
Amendment Proposal ). The shareholders of the Company approved the Extension Amendment Proposal and the Redemption Limitation Amendment
Proposal at the Extension Meeting and on February 21, 2023, the Company filed the Articles Amendment with the Cayman Islands Registrar
of Companies. 

Accordingly, on February 21, 2023, the Company
issued an unsecured promissory note in the total principal amount of up to (the New Note to the Sponsor. The
Sponsor funded the initial principal amount of on February 23, 2023. The New Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing
of the Company s initial business combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate an initial business combination,
the New Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of the Trust Account, if any. 

On August 23, 2024, the Company and Sponsor amended
the New Note to increase the aggregate principal amount from to . All other material terms of the Amended Note
remain in full force and effect. 

In connection with the vote to approve the Extension
Amendment Proposal, the holders of Class A ordinary shares, par value per share, of the Company properly exercised
their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount
of approximately . 

In connection with the redemption of the Company s
outstanding Public Shares for a portion of the funds held in the Trust Account, each holder will receive a full pro rata portion of the
amount then in the Trust Account, plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released
to the Company to pay the Company s taxes (less taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses). 

On November 9, 2023, Desiree Gruber notified the
Company of her decision to resign as a member of the Board, effective as of November 9, 2023. Ms. Gruber s decision to resign was
not the result of any dispute or disagreement with the Company or any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices.
Ms. Gruber was an independent member of the audit committee, compensation committee and the nominating committee of the Board. 

Additionally, on November 20, 2023, in order for
the Company to maintain a majority of independent directors as required by the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Nasdaq ),
Chetan Bansal voluntarily resigned as a director of the Company. Mr. Bansal s decision to resign was not the result of any dispute
or disagreement with the Company or any matter relating to the Company s operations, policies or practices, and Mr. Bansal will
continue in his role of Chief Development Officer of the Company. Mr. Bansal was not a member of any Board committee. 

On December 4, 2023, the Company appointed Julian
Nemirovsky as a new director of the Company. Mr. Nemirovsky has been appointed to serve on the audit committee and nominating committee
of the Company, with such appointment effective upon his becoming a director of the Company. 

On December 18, 2023, the Company and Lynk Global,
Inc., a Delaware corporation Lynk ), issued a joint press release announcing a non-binding letter of intent LOI for a potential business combination. Under the terms of the LOI, the Company and Lynk would become a combined entity, with Lynk s
existing equity holders rolling of their equity into the combined public company. 

7 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Public Shares properly exercised their right to redeem their shares for cash at a redemption
price of approximately per share, for an aggregate redemption amount of . After the satisfaction of such redemptions
and receipt of the initial deposit of to the Trust Account to extend the Termination Date to January 25, 2024, the balance in
the Trust Account was . As of September 30, 2024, there were Public Shares outstanding. 

On January 22, 2024, February 21, 2024, March
20, 2024, April 22, 2024, May 20, 2024, June 25, 2024, July 25, 2024, August 22, 2024 and September 19, 2024, the Board approved draws
of an aggregate of (the Extension Funds pursuant to the New Note which Extension Funds the Company deposited into
the Trust Account for its public shareholders. These deposits enabled the Company to extend the date by which it must complete its initial
business combination from January 25, 2024 to February 25, 2024, from February 25, 2024 to March 25, 2024, from March 25, 2024 to April
25, 2024, from April 25, 2024 to May 25, 2024, from May 25, 2024 to June 25, 2024, from June 25, 2024 to July 25, 2024, from July 25,
2024 to August 25, 2024, from August 25, 2024 to September 25, 2024 and from September 25, 2024 to October 25, 2024, respectively (the
 Extensions ). The Extensions are the first nine of eleven one-month extensions permitted under the Company s Amended
and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and provide the Company with additional time to complete its initial business combination.
As of September 30, 2024, there was outstanding under the New Note. 

On October 25, 2024, the Board approved a draw
of pursuant to the New Note which fund the Company deposited into the Trust Account for its public shareholders. This deposit
enables the Company to extend the date by which it must complete its initial business combination from October 25, 2024 to November 25,
2024 (the October Extension ). The October Extension is the tenth of eleven one-month extensions permitted under the Company s
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and provides the Company with additional time to complete its initial business
combination. 

The Initial Shareholders agreed to waive their
liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete an initial business combination within the Combination
Period. However, if the Initial Shareholders should acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, they will be entitled
to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to such Public Shares if the Company fails to complete an initial business
combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see
Note 5) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period,
and in such event, such amounts will be included with the funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption
of the Company s Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the residual assets
remaining available for distribution in the Trust Account will be less than the per share initially held in the Trust Account.
In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent
any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company
has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or business combination agreement, reduce the
amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held
in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value
of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target
business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable)
nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain
liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). In the event that
an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability
for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account
due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have vendors, service providers (except the Company s independent registered public
accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company
waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. There can be no guarantee that the
Company will be successful in obtaining such waivers from its targeted vendors and service providers. 

8 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

in its operating bank account and working capital deficit of approximately million. 

The Company s liquidity needs through September
30, 2024 were satisfied through a contribution of from the Sponsor to purchase Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4), the loan
of approximately from the Sponsor under the Note (as defined in Note 4), and the proceeds from the consummation of the Private
Placement not held in the Trust Account. The Company repaid the Note in full on February 25, 2021. In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4). As of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 

On February 21, 2023, the Company issued the New
Note to the Sponsor. The Sponsor funded the initial principal amount of on February 23, 2023. The Sponsor funded an additional
amount of on May 23, 2023, June 22, 2023, July 21, 2023, August 22, 2023, September 21, 2023, October 21, 2023 and November 21,
2023. Additionally, the Sponsor funded an additional amount of for working capital. The New Note does not bear interest and matures
upon closing of the Company s initial business combination. On August 23, 2024, the Company and Sponsor amended the New Note to
increase the aggregate principal amount from to . All other material terms of the Amended Note remain in full force
and effect. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were amounts of and , respectively, outstanding
under the New Note. 

On May 26, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the principal amount of (the May 2023 Note ). The May 2023 Note does not bear interest and is
repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were amounts of and , respectively, outstanding under the May 2023 Note. 

On August 18, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the principal amount of (the August 2023 Note ). The August 2023 Note does not bear interest
and is repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there were amounts of and , respectively, outstanding under the August 2023 Note. 

In connection with the Company s assessment
of going concern considerations in accordance with FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of
Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, Management has determined that the liquidity condition,
the date of mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as
a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate
after . The unaudited condensed financial statements do not include any adjustment that might be necessary if the Company
is unable to continue as a going concern. Management plans to complete an initial business combination prior to the mandatory liquidation
date. 

9 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. Any loss incurred or a lack of access to such funds could have a significant
adverse impact on the Company s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

10 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

days or less, or investments in money market funds that invest in U.S. government securities and generally have a readily determinable
fair value or a combination thereof. When the Company s investments were held in the Trust Account comprised of U.S. government
securities, the investments were classified as trading securities. When the Company s investments held in the Trust Account were
comprised of money market funds, the investments were recognized at fair value. Trading securities and investments in money market funds
are presented on the condensed balance sheets at fair value at the end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change
in fair value of these securities are included in income from investments held in the Trust Account in the accompanying unaudited condensed
statements of operations. The estimated fair values of investments held in the Trust Account are determined using available market information. 

11 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, and Antara will not be obligated to make the
backstop commitment if the Minimum Cash Condition is satisfied (see Note 5). 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders 
deficit section of the Company s condensed balance sheets. 

12 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Class A ordinary shares in the calculation of diluted income
per share, because their exercise is contingent upon future events and their inclusion would be anti-dilutive under the treasury stock
method. As a result, diluted net income per share is the same as basic net income per share for the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024 and 2023. Accretion associated with the redeemable Class A ordinary shares is excluded from earnings per share as the redemption
value approximates fair value. 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares Outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share 

Denominator: 

Basic and diluted weighted average ordinary shares Outstanding 

Basic and diluted net income per ordinary share 

13 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Units, including Over-Allotment Units, at per Unit, generating gross proceeds
of million, and incurring offering costs of approximately million, of which approximately million was for deferred
underwriting commissions. Public Warrant ).
Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at an exercise price of per share, subject
to adjustment (see Note 7). 

for certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares (the Founder
Shares ). In January 2021, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of Founder Shares to the independent directors, Founder
Shares to an officer of the Company and Founder Shares to the Company s special advisor. The Sponsor agreed to forfeit up
to an aggregate of Founder Shares to the extent that the option to purchase additional Units was not exercised in full by the
underwriters, so that the Founder Shares would represent of the Company s issued and outstanding shares after the Initial Public
Offering. On February 25, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option; thus, these Founder Shares were
no longer subject to forfeiture. 

The Initial Shareholders agreed not to transfer,
assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of (A) one year after the completion of the initial business combination
or earlier if, subsequent to the initial business combination, the closing price of Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds per
share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, capitalization of shares, share dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least days after the initial business combination,
and (B) the date following the completion of the initial business combination on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share
exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Company s shareholders having the right to exchange their Class
A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 

On February 2, 2023, the Sponsor repurchased 
Founder Shares, at a price of , which were previously sold to Barbara Byrne pursuant to Section 1 of that certain Securities Assignment
Agreement dated January 31, 2021, among the Sponsor and Barbara Byrne, which provided the Sponsor with an option to repurchase Founder
Shares upon Barbara Byrne s resignation from the Board prior to vesting, at the original purchase price (approximately per
share) paid by Barbara Byrne. The Sponsor subsequently sold Founder Shares, at a price of per share, or , to Alex
Zyngier in connection with Mr. Zyngier s appointment to the Board. 

14 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Founder Shares, at a price of , which were previously sold to Ann Berry pursuant to Section 1 of that certain Securities Assignment
Agreement dated March 11, 2022, among the Sponsor and Ann Berry, which provided the Sponsor with an option to repurchase Founder Shares
upon Ann Berry s resignation from the Board prior to vesting, at the original purchase price (approximately per share) paid
by Ann Berry. The Sponsor subsequently sold Founder Shares, at a price of per share, or , to Lisa Harrington in connection
with Mrs. Harrington s appointment to the Board. 

On October 13, 2023, the Sponsor sold Founder
Shares, at a price of , or , to Ryan Bright pursuant to Section 1 of that certain Securities Assignment Agreement dated October
13, 2023, among the Sponsor and Ryan Bright in connection with Mr. Bright s appointment as Chief Financial Officer. 

On December 14, 2023, the Sponsor sold Founder
Shares, at a price of , or , to Julian Nemirovsky pursuant to Section 1 of that certain Securities Assignment Agreement dated
December 14, 2023, among the Sponsor and Julian Nemirovsky in connection with Mr. Nemirovsky s appoint to the Board. 

The sale of Founder Shares to an independent director,
as described above, is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ).
Under ASC 718, share-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The Founder
Shares were effectively transferred subject to a performance condition (i.e., the occurrence of an initial business combination). Compensation
expense related to the Founder Shares is recognized only when the performance condition is probable of occurrence under the applicable
accounting literature in this circumstance. An initial business combination is not probable until it is completed. Share-based compensation
would be recognized at the date an initial business combination is considered probable in an amount equal to the number of Founder Shares
times the grant date fair value per share (unless subsequently modified) less the price initially received for the purchase of the Founder
Shares. As of September 30, 2024, the Company determined that an initial business combination is not considered probable, and, therefore,
no share-based compensation expense has been recognized. 

Private Placement Warrants 

Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering, the Company consummated the Private Placement of Private Placement Warrants, at a price of per Private
Placement Warrant with the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of million. 

Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable
for whole Class A ordinary share at a price of per share. A portion of the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants to the Sponsor was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not
complete an initial business combination within the Combination Period, the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private
Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable except as described below in Note 8 and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are
held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. 

The Sponsor, subject to limited exceptions, has
agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until days after the completion of the initial business
combination. 

Promissory Notes Related Party 

On December 31, 2020, the Sponsor agreed to loan
the Company up to to be used for the payment of costs related to the Initial Public Offering pursuant to a promissory note (the
 Note ). The Note was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Company
borrowed approximately under the Note and repaid the Note in full on February 25, 2021. Subsequent to the repayment, the facility
was no longer available to the Company. 

On February 21, 2023, the Company issued the New
Note in the total principal amount of up to to the Sponsor. The Sponsor funded the initial principal amount of 
on February 23, 2023. The Sponsor funded an additional amount of on May 23, 2023, June 22, 2023, July 21, 2023, August 22, 2023,
September 21, 2023, October 21, 2023 and November 21, 2023 into the Trust Account. The extension on November 21, 2023 was the seventh
of nine one-month extensions permitted under the Company s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association. Additionally,
the Sponsor funded an additional amount of for working capital. The New Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing
of the Company s initial business combination. In the event that the Company does not consummate an initial business combination,
the New Note will be repaid only from amounts remaining outside of the Trust Account, if any. The New Note was issued in connection with
advances the payee has made, and may make in the future, to the Company for expenses incurred by the Company and reasonably related to
working capital purposes. The New Note bears no interest and is due and payable upon the consummation of the Company s initial merger,
share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination, involving the Company and one or more
businesses. In the event that the Company does not consummate an initial business combination, the New Note will be repaid only from amounts,
if any, remaining outside of the Trust Account established in connection with the initial public offering of the Company s securities. 

On August 23, 2024, the Company and Sponsor amended
the New Note to increase the aggregate principal amount from to . All other material terms of the Amended Note
remain in full force and effect. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were amounts of and , respectively, outstanding under the New Note. 

15 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. The May 2023 Note does not bear interest and is repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s
initial business combination. If the Company does not complete an initial business combination, the May 2023 Note shall not be repaid
and all amounts owed under it will be forgiven. The May 2023 Note is subject to customary events of default, the occurrence of which automatically
trigger the unpaid principal balance of the May 2023 Note and all other sums payable with regard to the May 2023 Note becoming immediately
due and payable. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was outstanding under the May 2023 Note. 

On August 18, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the principal amount of (the August 2023 Note ). The August 2023 Note does not bear interest
and is repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there was outstanding under the August 2023 Note. 

Working Capital Loans 

In addition, in order to fund working capital
deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor,
or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working
Capital Loans ). If the Company completes an initial business combination, the Company may repay the Working Capital Loans out of
the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside
the Trust Account. In the event that an initial business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the proceeds held
outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working
Capital Loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of an initial business combination, without interest,
or, at the lenders discretion, up to million of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business
combination entity at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Except for the
foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such
loans. 

On November 30, 2021, April 6, 2022, May 31, 2022,
August 31, 2022, and December 28, 2022, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company , , , and , respectively,
in Working Capital Loans. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had borrowed under the Working Capital
Loans. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

Commencing on the date that the Company s
securities were first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of the Company s consummation of an initial business combination and
its liquidation, the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor per month for office space, utilities, secretarial,
administrative and shared personnel support services provided to members of Management, pursuant to an administrative support agreement.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company incurred expenses of and under this agreement, respectively.
For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company incurred expenses of and under this agreement,
respectively. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had a and balance outstanding for services
in connection with such agreement recorded under accounts payable on the accompanying condensed balance sheets, respectively. 

In addition, the Sponsor, officers and directors,
or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on the
Company s behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations.
The audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by the Company to the Sponsor, officers or directors,
or the Company s or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made from funds held outside
the Trust Account. 

Due to Related Party 

 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
the Sponsor paid on behalf of the Company to pay for operating costs which is recorded in accounts payable in the accompanying
condensed balance sheets. 

Advances from Related Party 

 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
Antara paid and 0 , respectively, on behalf of the Company to pay for legal fees, amounts of which are recorded in advances from
related party in the accompanying condensed balance sheets. 

16 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

-day
option from the date of the prospectus to purchase up to additional Units at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting
discounts and commissions. On February 25, 2021, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option. 

The underwriters were entitled to an underwriting
discount of per unit, or million in the aggregate, paid upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, 
per unit, or approximately million in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The
deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes
an initial business combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Business Combination Agreement 

On February 4, 2024, the Company Slam ),
Lynk Global, Inc., a Delaware corporation Lynk ), the Sponsor, Lynk Global Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation Topco ),
Lynk Merger Sub 1, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and wholly owned subsidiary of Topco Merger Sub 1 ), and Lynk
Merger Sub 2, LLC, a Delaware limited liability and wholly owned subsidiary of Topco Merger Sub 2 and, together with the
Company, and Lynk, collectively, the Parties and each a Party ), entered into a business combination agreement
(the Business Combination Agreement and the transactions contemplated thereby, the Business Combination ). 

On June 10, 2024, the Parties entered into an
amendment to the Business Combination Agreement (the First BCA Amendment pursuant to which the Parties agreed (i) to provide
for the consummation of the redemption of Slam Class A Shares promptly following the Closing, (ii) to remove the termination provisions
regarding the Series B Financing Deadline and the Private Placement Financing Deadline and (iii) effective on, and contingent upon the
occurrence of, the First Effective Time, Lynk assigned all of its rights and obligations, under certain executive employment agreements
between Lynk and certain executives, to Topco, which assumed such agreements. 

On August 26, 2024, the Parties entered into an
amendment to the Business Combination Agreement (the Second BCA Amendment pursuant to which the parties agreed to extend
the Termination Date from August 31, 2024 to December 25, 2024. 

On September 28, 2024, the Parties entered into
an amendment to the Business Combination Agreement (the Third BCA Amendment and together with the First BCA Amendment and
the Second BCA Amendment, the BCA Amendments pursuant to which the parties agreed to (i) remove reference to Founder Shares
and Super Voting Shares, (ii) amend the process for the designation of directors on the Topco Board immediately after the First Effective
Time and (iii) amend and restate the form of New Slam Certificate of Incorporation. All capitalized terms used in the forgoing paragraphs
regarding the BCA Amendments and not otherwise defined herein have the same meanings ascribed to them in the Business Combination Agreement. 

Sponsor Letter Agreement 

Concurrently with the execution of the Business
Combination Agreement, the Sponsor, Reginald Hudlin Hudlin ), Alexandre Zyngier Zyngier ), Lisa Harrington Harrington and Julian Nemirovsky Nemirovsky together with Hudlin, Zyngier and Harrington, the Independent
Directors and Alex Rodriguez Rodriguez ), Chetan Bansal Bansal ), Himanshu Gulati Gulati ),
Kelly Laferriere Laferriere ), Marc Lore Lore ), Desiree Gruber Gruber ), Ann Berry Berry and Ryan Bright Bright , and together with Rodriguez, Bansal, Gulati, Laferriere, Lore, Gruber and Berry, the Other
Class B Shareholders and together with Sponsor and the Independent Directors, the Slam Parties and each, a Slam
Party ), Slam, Lynk, Topco, Merger Sub 1 and Merger Sub 2 entered into a Sponsor Letter Agreement (the Sponsor Letter Agreement ),
pursuant to which the Slam Parties have agreed to take, or not take, certain actions during the period between the execution of the Sponsor
Letter Agreement and the consummation of the Merger, including (i) to vote any ordinary shares of Slam owned by such Slam Party (all such
shares, the Covered Shares in favor of the Merger and other related proposals at Slam s shareholder meeting, and
any other special meeting of Slam s shareholders called for the purpose of soliciting shareholder approval in connection with the
consummation of the Merger, (ii) to vote any warrants of Slam owned by such Slam Party (all such warrants, the Covered Warrants in favor of the Warrant Conversion and other related proposals at Slam s warrant holder meeting, and any other special meeting of
Slam s warrant holders called for the purpose of soliciting warrant holder approval in connection with the consummation of the Warrant
Conversion, (iii) to waive the anti-dilution rights or similar protections with respect to Slam Class B ordinary shares (the Class
B Shares owned by such party as set forth in the governing documents of Slam, or otherwise, and (iv) not to redeem any Covered
Shares owned by such Slam Party. 

17 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Backstop Agreement 

Concurrently with the parties entering into the
Business Combination Agreement, Slam and Topco entered into a Backstop Agreement (the Backstop Agreement with Antara (in
such capacity, the Investor pursuant to which, in the event that the Minimum Cash Condition (as defined in the Backstop
Agreement) is not met, the Investor has agreed, subject to the other terms and conditions included therein, concurrently with the closing
of the Business Combination (the Closing ), to offset any redemptions made by holders of Slam s Class A ordinary shares,
par value per share in connection with the Business Combination pursuant to Slam s Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles
of Association through an investment of up to Topco Shares, for an aggregate amount of up to at a purchase price
of per share. In connection with the execution of the Backstop Agreement, the Investor entered into a side letter with Topco, Lynk
and the Sponsor (the Backstop Agreement Side Letter ), pursuant to which the Sponsor agreed to forfeit Slam Class
B ordinary shares, one business day before the Domestication (as defined in the Business Combination Agreement), and Topco agreed to issue
 Topco Shares to the Investor, at the Closing, contingent upon the completion of each element of the Transaction, subject to
the conditions set forth in the Backstop Agreement and the Backstop Agreement Side Letter. 

Nasdaq Notice 

On February 26, 2024, the Company received a notice
from the staff of the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that, unless the Company timely requested a hearing (the
 Hearing before the Nasdaq Hearings Panel (the Panel ), trading of the Company s securities on The Nasdaq
Capital Market would be suspended at the opening of business on March 6, 2024, due to the Company s non-compliance with Nasdaq IM-5101-2,
which requires that a special purpose acquisition company complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness
of its initial public offering registration statement IPO Registration Statement ). The Company timely requested the Hearing
before the Panel to request sufficient time to complete the Company s previously disclosed proposed Business Combination with Lynk. 

18 

SLAM CORP . 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per share, on the OTCQX under the symbols
 SLAMF , SLMUF and SLMWF , respectively. 

shares of Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the
Company s Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there
were Class A ordinary shares outstanding, which were all subject to possible redemption and are classified outside of permanent
deficit in the condensed balance sheets. 

Redemption of Public Shares 

Deposit in connection with Extension Amendment Proposal 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2023 

Deposit in connection with Extension Amendment Proposal 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at March 31, 2024 

Deposit in connection with Extension Amendment Proposal 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at June 30, 2024 

Deposit in connection with Extension Amendment Proposal 

Increase in redemption value of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption 

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at September 30, 2024 

preference shares with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were no preference shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of the Company s
Class A ordinary shares are entitled to vote for each share. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were 
Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding, respectively. All Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption have been classified
as temporary equity (see Note 6). 

Class B Ordinary Shares The
Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of September 30, 2024 and
December 31, 2023, there were shares of Class B ordinary shares issued and outstanding (see Note 4). Holders of Class B ordinary
shares of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders and holders of Class A ordinary
shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders
except as required by law; provided that only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors
prior to or in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination. 

19 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of the total number of Class A ordinary shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to
any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by Public Shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed
issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection
with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities
exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination
and any Private Placement Warrants issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will
never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. 

Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. 

Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole
number of shares. No fractional Public Warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade.
The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) days after the completion of an initial business combination and (b)
 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement
under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating
to them is available and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of
the state of residence of the holder (or the Company permits holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances).
The Company agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of the initial business
combination, the Company will use commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary
shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the
warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares
issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the th day after the closing of the initial business combination, warrant
holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to
maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of
the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of
a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under
Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants
to do so on a cashless basis and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain
in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, it will use commercially reasonable efforts to register
or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

The warrants have an exercise price of 
per share, subject to adjustments, and will expire after the completion of an initial business combination or earlier upon
redemption or liquidation. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital
raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial business combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less
than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the board of directors
and, in the case of any such issuance to the Initial Shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares
held by the Initial Shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y)
the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available
for the funding of the initial business combination on the date of the consummation of the initial business combination (net of redemptions),
and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of Class A ordinary shares during the -trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial business combination (such price, the Market Value is
below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher
of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to
be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price See - Redemption of
warrants when the price per class A ordinary share equals or exceeds and - Redemption of warrants when the price
per class A ordinary share equals or exceeds as described below). 

20 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per warrant; upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the last reported sale price (the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

The Company will not redeem the warrants as described
above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout
the -day redemption period. 

Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A
ordinary share equals or exceeds 10.00: 

Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company
may call the outstanding warrants for redemption (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; at per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption provided that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of Class A ordinary shares to be determined by reference to an agreed table based on the redemption date and the fair market value of Class A ordinary shares; if, and only if, the closing price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted) for any trading days within the -trading day period ending three trading days before the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders; and if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than per share (as adjusted), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 

The fair market value of Class A
ordinary shares for the above purpose shall mean the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares during the trading
days immediately following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. In no event will the warrants
be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than Class A ordinary shares per warrant
(subject to adjustment). 

If the Company is unable to complete an initial
business combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of warrants
will not receive any of such funds with respect to their warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets
held outside of the Trust Account with the respect to such warrants. Accordingly, the warrants may expire worthless. 

21 

SLAM CORP. 

NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONDENSED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

in cash. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the trustee did not withdraw any
amount from the Trust Account in connection with redemptions. As of December 31, 2023, assets held in the Trust Account were comprised
of in cash. Through December 31, 2023, the trustee withdrew from the Trust Account in connection with redemptions. 

Derivative warrant liabilities Private placement warrants 

Backstop agreement liability 

Derivative warrant liabilities Private placement warrants 

Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2, and 3 are recognized
at the beginning of the reporting period. The estimated fair value of Public Warrants was transferred from a Level 3 fair value measurement
to a Level 1 measurement when the Public Warrants were separately listed and traded in April 2021. Accordingly, the estimated fair
value of the Private Placement Warrants was transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 2 because Private Placement Warrants are
economically equivalent to the Public Warrants, based on the terms of the Private Warrant agreement, and as such their value is principally
derived by the value of the Public Warrants. 

For periods where no observable traded price is
available, the fair value of the Public and Private Placement Warrants has been estimated using a Black-Scholes option pricing model.
For periods subsequent to the detachment of the Public Warrants from the Units, the fair value of the Public Warrants is based on the
observable listed price for such warrants. The fair value of the Public Warrants as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, is based
on observable listed prices for such warrants. The estimated fair value of the Private Placement Warrants is equivalent to Public Warrants
due to Private Placement Warrants having substantially the same terms as the Public Warrants. 

For the three and nine months ended September
30, 2024, the Company recognized a gain of approximately million and million, respectively, presented as change in fair value
of derivative warrant liabilities in the accompanying unaudited condensed statements of operations. For the three and nine months ended
September 30, 2023, the Company recognized a gain of approximately million and a loss of million, respectively,
presented as change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities in the accompanying unaudited condensed statements of operations. 

pursuant to the New Note which fund the Company deposited into the Trust Account for its public shareholders. This deposit
enables the Company to extend the date by which it must complete its initial business combination from October 25, 2024 to November 25,
2024 (the October Extension ). The October Extension is the tenth of eleven one-month extensions permitted under the Company s
Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association and provides the Company with additional time to complete its initial business
combination. 

22 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations. 

References to the Company, Slam
Corp., Slam, our, us or we refer to Slam Corp. The following discussion
and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the unaudited interim
condensed financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this report. Certain information contained in the discussion
and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. 

Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q includes
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the
Exchange Act. We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking
statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of
activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements
expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such
as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, 
 believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Factors
that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other SEC filings. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated on December
18, 2020 as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses or entities. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination
using cash from the proceeds of our Initial Public Offering (the IPO and the placement of the private placement warrants,
the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to any forward purchase agreements
or backstop agreements we may enter into), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners
of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. 

The issuance of additional shares in an initial
business combination: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our IPO, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of our Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

Similarly, if we issue debt or otherwise incur
significant debt, it could result in: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

23 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

As indicated in the accompanying unaudited condensed
financial statements, as of September 30, 2024, we had approximately 34,000 in our operating bank account. Further, we expect to incur
significant costs in the pursuit of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise capital or to complete
our initial business combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations and Known Trends or Future Events 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor
generated any revenues to date. Our only activities since inception have been organizational activities and those necessary to prepare
for our IPO. Following the IPO, we will not generate any operating revenues until after completion of our initial business combination.
We will generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on cash and cash equivalents after our IPO. There has been no significant
change in our financial or trading position and no material adverse change has occurred since the date of our audited financial statements.
After our IPO, we have incurred increased expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and
auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. 

For the three months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net income of approximately 2.8 million, which consisted of approximately 2.5 million in non-operating income resulting from
the change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities and approximately 964,000 of income from cash held in the Trust Account, offset
by approximately 0.7 million in general and administrative expenses and approximately 2,000 in non-operating loss resulting from the
change in fair value of backstop agreement liability. 

For the three months ended September 30,
2023, we had net income of approximately 3.7 million, which consisted of approximately 2.9 million of income from investments
and cash held in the Trust Account and 1.4 million in non-operating loss resulting from the change in fair value of derivative
warrant liabilities, offset by approximately 0.6 million in general and administrative expenses. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2024,
we had net income of approximately 0.3 million, which consisted of approximately 1.0 million in non-operating income resulting from
the change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities and approximately 2.8 million of income from cash held in the Trust Account,
offset by approximately 3.3 million in general and administrative expenses, approximately 34,500 in non-operating loss resulting from
the change in fair value of backstop agreement liability and approximately 284,000 in issuance of Backstop Agreement. 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023,
we had net income of approximately 5.6 million, which consisted of approximately 9.2 million of income from investments and
cash held in the Trust Account and approximately 0.9 million in non-operating loss resulting from the change in fair value
of derivative warrant liabilities, offset by approximately 2.7 million in general and administrative expenses. 

24 

Liquidity and Going Concern Considerations 

As of September 30, 2024, we had approximately
 34,000 in our operating bank account and a working capital deficit of approximately 4.7 million. 

The Company s liquidity needs through September
30, 2024 were satisfied through a contribution of 25,000 from the Sponsor to purchase Founder Shares (as defined in Note 4), the loan
of approximately 196,000 from the Sponsor under the Note (as defined in Note 4), and the proceeds from the consummation of the Private
Placement not held in the Trust Account. The Company repaid the Note in full on February 25, 2021. In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an initial business combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans (as defined in Note 4). As of September
30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there was 1,474,000 outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 

On February 21, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the total principal amount of up to 10,447,000 (the New Note to the Sponsor. The Sponsor funded the
initial principal amount of 3,247,000 on February 23, 2023. The Sponsor funded an additional amount of 800,000 on May 23, 2023, June
22, 2023, July 21, 2023, August 22, 2023, September 21, 2023, October 21, 2023 and November 21, 2023. Additionally, the Sponsor funded
an additional amount of 335,000 for working capital. The New Note does not bear interest and matures upon closing of the Company s
initial business combination. 

On August 23, 2024, the Company and Sponsor amended
the New Note to increase the aggregate principal amount from 10,447,000 to 10,947,000. All other material terms of the Amended Note
remain in full force and effect. 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there were amounts of 10,715,000 and 9,182,000, respectively, outstanding under the New Note. 

On May 26, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the principal amount of 700,000 (the May 2023 Note ). The May 2023 Note does not bear interest and is
repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
there was 700,000 outstanding under the May 2023 Note. 

On August 18, 2023, the Company issued an unsecured
promissory note in the principal amount of 800,000 (the August 2023 Note ). The August 2023 Note does not bear interest
and is repayable in full upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination. As of September 30, 2024 and December
31, 2023, there was 800,000 outstanding under the August 2023 Note. 

In connection with our assessment of going concern
considerations in accordance with the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined
that the liquidity condition, the date for mandatory liquidation and dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue
as a going concern through December 25, 2024, our scheduled liquidation date if we do not complete the initial business combination prior
to such date. We intend to complete an initial business combination by December 25, 2024, but cannot guarantee such event. No adjustments
have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should the Company be required to liquidate after December 25, 2024. 

Off-balance Sheet Arrangements 

As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023,
we did not have any off-balance sheet arrangements as defined in Item 303(a)(4)(ii) of Regulation S-K. 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of unaudited condensed financial
statements in conformity with GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and
liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the unaudited condensed financial statements and the reported
amounts of income and expenses during the reporting period. Making estimates requires management to exercise significant judgment. It
is at least reasonably possible that the estimate of the effect of a condition, situation or set of circumstances that existed at the
date of the unaudited condensed financial statements, which management considered in formulating its estimate, could change in the near
term due to one or more future confirming events. Accordingly, the actual results could differ significantly from those estimates. As
of September 30, 2024, we have identified the Backstop Agreement as a critical accounting estimate. As of December 31, 2023, we did not
have any critical accounting estimates to be disclosed. 

25 

Backstop Agreement 

The Company evaluated the backstop agreement under
FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC 815 in which it was concluded that the settlement terms listed within the Backstop
Agreement are not considered an input into a fixed-for-fixed contract as required under step 2 of FASB ASC 815-40-15 because they are
neither specifically mentioned in FASB ASC 815-40-15 nor is it an input into a fixed-for-fixed contract. As a result, the Backstop Agreement
is required to be classified as a liability and measured at fair value with subsequent changes in fair value recorded in earnings. Accordingly,
the Company recognized the Backstop Agreement as a liability at its fair value and adjust the instrument to its fair value at each reporting
period. The liability will be subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised. 

The fair value of the Backstop Agreement assumes
Antara Capital Master Fund LP, a Cayman Islands exempted limited partnership Antara ), will fund the maximum number of shares
and considers the probability of the backstop commitment consisting only of an amount equal to the difference between (x) the Minimum
Cash Condition and (y) the sum of the Private Placement Net Financing Amount (as defined in the Backstop Agreement) and the Trust Amount
(as defined in the Backstop Agreement), in no event will the backstop commitment exceed 25,000,000, and Antara will not be obligated
to make the backstop commitment if the Minimum Cash Condition is satisfied. 

JOBS Act 

The Jumpstart Our Businesses Act (the JOBS
Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We qualify
as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act are allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements
based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting
standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such
standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our unaudited condensed financial statements may not be comparable
to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. 

Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating
the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth
in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company, we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among
other things, (i) provide an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to
Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public
companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by
the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing
additional information about the audit and the unaudited condensed financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis) and (iv) disclose
certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of
the principal executive officer s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five
years following the completion of our IPO or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. 

Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market
Risk 

We are a smaller reporting company as defined
by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. 

Item 4. Controls and Procedures 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Under the supervision and with the participation
of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness
of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as such term is defined in Rules
13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer
has concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of September 30,
2024. 

Disclosure controls and procedures are designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported
within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate
to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There was no change in our internal control over
financial reporting that occurred during the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024 covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q that
has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

26 

PART II-OTHER INFORMATION 

Item 1. Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 

In addition to the other information set forth
in this report, you should carefully consider the risk factors disclosed under Item 1A. Risk Factors included in our Annual
Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on April 1, 2024 (the Form 10-K ). Additional risks and uncertainties not currently
known to us or that we currently deem to be immaterial also may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition or future
results. As of the date of this report, there have been no material changes to the risk factors disclosed in the Form 10-K, except for
the below risk factors. We may disclose changes to such factors or disclose additional factors from time to time in our future filings
with the SEC. 

Nasdaq delisted the Company s securities
from its exchange which could limit investors ability to make transactions in its securities and subject the Company to additional
trading restrictions. 

On February 26, 2024, the Company received a written
notice from the staff of the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that, unless the Company timely requested a the Hearing
before the Panel, trading of the Company s securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market would be suspended at the opening of business
on March 6, 2024, due to the Company s non-compliance with Nasdaq IM-5101-2, which requires that a special purpose acquisition company
complete one or more business combinations within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO Registration Statement. The Company timely
requested the Hearing before the Panel to request sufficient time to complete the Company s previously disclosed proposed Business
Combination with Lynk. 

The Hearing occurred on April 25, 2024. On May
21, 2024, the Panel issued written notice of its decision to grant the Company s request for an exception to its listing deficiency
until August 26, 2024 in light of the progress the Company has made toward closing the Company s previously disclosed business combination
with Lynk. The Panel advised the Company that August 26, 2024 represents the full extent of the Panel s discretion to grant continued
listing while the Company is non-compliant with Nasdaq s Listing Rules. On August 23, 2024, the Company received the Delisting Notice
from Nasdaq stating that Nasdaq has determined to delist the Company s securities on The Nasdaq Capital Market and will suspend
trading in those securities effective at the open of business on August 27, 2024. Nasdaq reached its decision pursuant to Nasdaq IM-5101-2
because the Company did not complete one or more business combination within 36 months of the effectiveness of its IPO registration statement. 

The Company currently has its Securities quoted
on OTCQX. The Company remains subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. Since our securities trade on OTCQX,
we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

the price of our securities will likely decrease
as a result of the loss of market efficiencies associated with Nasdaq; 

a requirement to trade on OTCQX for a year before
reapplying for listing on a national securities exchange; 

holders may be unable to sell or purchase our
securities when they wish to do so; 

we may become subject to shareholder litigation;

we may lose the interest of institutional investors
in our securities; 

we may lose media and analyst coverage; and 

we would likely lose any active trading market
for our securities, as our securities may then only be traded on one of the over-the-counter markets, if at all. 

27 

Additionally, because our securities were delisted
from trading on Nasdaq and are no longer listed on a national securities exchange, we may be less attractive to potential Business Combination
targets and thereby adversely affect our ability to complete a Business Combination. 

Because the Company s securities were delisted
from Nasdaq and are no longer listed on a national securities exchange, we may face significant material adverse consequences, including:
(i) a limited availability of market quotations for our securities, (ii) reduced liquidity for our securities, (iii) a determination that
our securities are penny stocks which will require brokers trading in our securities to adhere to more stringent rules,
including being subject to the depository requirements of Rule 419 of the Securities Act, and possibly result in a reduced level of trading
activity in the secondary trading market for our securities, (iv) a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional
financing in the future, and (v) a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business in connection with an initial business combination.
The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the
sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our Securities were delisted from Nasdaq
and trade on OTCQX, the Company s Class A ordinary shares, Public Warrants and Units do not qualify as covered securities under
the Securities Act and we are subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. Public Shareholders who do not elect
to redeem their Public Shares in connection with the Shareholder Meeting, or the shareholder meeting to approve the Business Combination,
may be unable to recover their investment except through sales of our shares on the open market or upon our liquidation or redemption
of shares. The price of our shares may be volatile, and there can be no assurance that shareholders will be able to dispose of our shares
at favorable prices, or at all. 

The SEC has recently issued final rules
relating to certain activities of SPACs. Certain of the procedures that the Company or others may determine to undertake in connection
with such rules may increase our costs and the time needed to complete the Business Combination. 

On January 24, 2024, the SEC issued final rules
(the 2024 SPAC Rules ), which became effective on July 1, 2024, that formally adopted some of the SEC s proposed rules
for Special Purpose Acquisition Companies SPACs that were released on March 30, 2022. The 2024 SPAC Rules, among other
items, impose additional disclosure requirements in initial public offerings by SPACs and business combination transactions involving
SPACs and private operating companies; amend the financial statement requirements applicable to business combination transactions involving
such companies; update and expand guidance regarding the general use of projections in SEC filings, including requiring disclosure of
all material bases of the projections and all material assumptions underlying the projections; increase the potential liability of certain
participants in proposed business combination transactions; and could impact the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation
under the Investment Company Act. The 2024 SPAC Rules may materially adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate
and complete, and the costs associated with, our initial business combination, and results of operations. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of
Proceeds from Registered Securities. 

None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 

None. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

Item 5. Other Information. 

. 

28 

Item 6. Exhibits. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of June 10, 2024, by and among Slam Corp., Slam Sponsor, LLC, Lynk Global Holdings, Inc., Lynk Global Inc., Lynk Merger Sub 1, LLC and Lynk Merger Sub 2, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 14, 2024) . 

2.2 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of August 26, 2024, by and among Slam Corp., Slam Sponsor, LLC, Lynk Global Holdings, Inc., Lynk Global Inc., Lynk Merger Sub 1, LLC and Lynk Merger Sub 2, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 29, 2024) . 

2.3 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2024, by and among Slam Corp., Slam Sponsor, LLC, Lynk Global Holdings, Inc., Lynk Global Inc., Lynk Merger Sub 1, LLC and Lynk Merger Sub 2, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on October 1, 2024) . 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 

29 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 

Dated: November 19, 2024 
 SLAM CORP. 

By: 
 /s/ Alex Rodriguez 

Name: 
 Alex Rodriguez 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/ Ryan Bright 

Name: 
 Ryan Bright 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

30 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ea022093001ex31-1_slam.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Alexander Rodriguez, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Slam Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Alexander Rodriguez 

Alexander Rodriguez 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ea022093001ex31-2_slam.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND
15d-14(a) 

 UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Ryan Bright, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Slam Corp.; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make
the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered
by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. Designed
such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those
entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. Designed
such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision,
to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. Evaluated
the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

d. Disclosed
in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officers and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

a. All
significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b. Any
fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting. 

Date: November 19, 2024 
 By: 
 /s/ Ryan Bright 

Ryan Bright 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ea022093001ex32-1_slam.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Slam
Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Alexander Rodriguez, Chief Executive Officer, certify, pursuant to
18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

/s/ Alexander Rodriguez 

Name: 
 Alexander Rodriguez 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 ea022093001ex32-2_slam.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT
TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Quarterly Report of Slam
Corp. (the Company on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Ryan Bright, Chief Financial Officer, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C.
Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: 

(1) the
Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) the
information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the
Company. 

Date: November 19, 2024 

/s/ Ryan Bright 

Name: 
 Ryan Bright 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 slamu-20240930.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 slamu-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 slamu-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 slamu-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 slamu-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

