<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241031_10-Q_edgar_data_1309402_0001309402-24-000129.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11446036</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>140299</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1641287</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4823193</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2375355</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2200972</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001309402-24-000129.hdr.sgml : 20241031
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241031144708
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001309402-24-000129
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241031
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241031

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Green Plains Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001309402
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	08 Industrial Applications and Services
		IRS NUMBER:				841652107
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			IA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-32924
		FILM NUMBER:		241414751

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1811 AKSARBEN DRIVE
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68106
		BUSINESS PHONE:		402-884-8700

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1811 AKSARBEN DRIVE
		CITY:			OMAHA
		STATE:			NE
		ZIP:			68106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Green Plains Renewable Energy, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100106

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GREEN PLAINS RENEWABLE ENERGY, INC.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20060314

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Green Plains Renewable Energy, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20041123

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001309402-24-000129.txt : 20241031

10-Q
 1
 gpre-20240930.htm
 10-Q

gpre-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 _______________________ 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended 
 OR 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from ______ to ______ 
 Commission File Number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , 
 ) 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Non-accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 
 The registrant had common stock outstanding as of October 28, 2024. 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Page Commonly Used Defined Terms 
 3 
 PART I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Financial Statements 
 5 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 36 
 Item 3. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 49 
 Item 4. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 51 
 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 52 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 52 
 Item 2. 
 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 52 
 Item 3. 
 Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 52 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 52 
 Item 5. 
 Other Information 
 52 
 Item 6. 
 Exhibits 
 53 
 Signatures 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Commonly Used Defined Terms 
 Green Plains Inc. and Subsidiaries: 
 Green Plains Inc.; Green Plains; the company Green Plains Inc. and its subsidiaries FQT Fluid Quip Technologies, LLC Green Plains Commodity Management Green Plains Commodity Management LLC Green Plains Finance Company Green Plains Finance Company LLC Green Plains Grain Green Plains Grain Company LLC Green Plains Mount Vernon; Mount Vernon Green Plains Mount Vernon LLC Green Plains Obion; Obion Green Plains Obion LLC Green Plains Partners; the partnership Green Plains Partners LP Green Plains Shenandoah; Shenandoah Green Plains Shenandoah LLC Green Plains Trade Green Plains Trade Group LLC Green Plains Wood River; Wood River Green Plains Wood River LLC 
 Accounting Defined Terms: 
 ASC Accounting Standards Codification EBITDA Earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization EPS Earnings per share Exchange Act Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended GAAP U.S. Generally Accepted Accounting Principles SEC Securities and Exchange Commission SOFR Secured Overnight Financing Rate 
 Industry and Other Defined Terms: 
 ATJ Alcohol-to-Jet BlackRock Funds and accounts managed by BlackRock the CARES Act Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act CI Carbon Intensity COVID-19 Coronavirus Disease 2019 CST Clean Sugar Technology developed by Fluid Quip Technologies, LLC DOE Department of Energy E10 Gasoline blended with up to 10 ethanol by volume E15 Gasoline blended with up to 15 ethanol by volume EIA U.S. Energy Information Administration EPA U.S. Environmental Protection Agency EV Electric Vehicle FFV Flexible-fuel vehicle GHG Greenhouse gas GP Turnkey Tharaldson GP Turnkey Tharaldson LLC IRA Inflation Reduction Act LCFS Low Carbon Fuel Standard Merger Merger of GPLP Merger Sub LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and a wholly owned subsidiary of GPLP Holdings Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Green Plains Holdings ), with and into the partnership, with the partnership surviving such merger Merger Agreement Certain Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of September 16, 2023, by and among Green Plains Inc., Holdings, GPLP Merger Sub LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Holdings, Green Plains Partners LP, and Green Plains Holdings LLC, the general partner of the partnership (the "General Partner") MmBtu Million British Thermal Units Mmg Million gallons MSC Maximized Stillage Coproducts technology developed by Fluid Quip Technologies, LLC MTBE Methyl tertiary-butyl ether 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 RFS Renewable Fuels Standard RIN Renewable identification number RVO Renewable volume obligation SAF Sustainable Aviation Fuel Sequence A foundational feed ingredient made from a combination of corn and yeast protein, concentrated at 60 SRE Small refinery exemption U.S. United States USDA U.S. Department of Agriculture 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 PART 1 FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Financial Statements. 
 
 GREEN PLAINS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share amounts) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (unaudited) ASSETS Current assets Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net of allowances of and , respectively 
 Income taxes receivable Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Derivative financial instruments Total current assets Property and equipment, net of accumulated depreciation and amortization of and , respectively 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY Current liabilities Accounts payable Accrued and other liabilities Derivative financial instruments Operating lease current liabilities Short-term notes payable and other borrowings Current maturities of long-term debt Total current liabilities Long-term debt Operating lease long-term liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) par value; shares authorized; and shares issued, and and shares outstanding, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) Treasury stock, shares 
 ) ) Total Green Plains stockholders' equity Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 GREEN PLAINS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (unaudited and in thousands, except per share amounts) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Costs and expenses Cost of goods sold (excluding depreciation and amortization expenses reflected below) Selling, general and administrative expenses Gain on sale of assets ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization expenses Total costs and expenses Operating income (loss) ) ) Other income (expense) Interest income Interest expense ) ) ) ) Other, net Total other income (expense) ) ) ) ) Income (loss) before income taxes and income (loss) from equity method investees ) ) Income tax benefit Income (loss) from equity method investees, net of income taxes ) ) Net income (loss) ) ) Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) attributable to Green Plains ) ) Earnings per share Net income (loss) attributable to Green Plains - basic ) ) Net income (loss) attributable to Green Plains - diluted ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding Basic Diluted 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 GREEN PLAINS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
 (unaudited and in thousands) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) ) ) Other comprehensive income, net of tax Unrealized gains (losses) on derivatives arising during the period, net of tax benefit (expense) of ), ), and ), respectively 
 ) Reclassification of realized losses on derivatives, net of tax benefit of ), ), and ), respectively 
 Total other comprehensive income, net of tax Comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Green Plains ) ) 
 See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 GREEN PLAINS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited and in thousands) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs and non-cash interest expense Gain on sale of assets ) ) Inventory lower of cost or net realizable value adjustment Loss on extinguishment of debt Deferred income taxes ) ) Stock-based compensation Loss (income) from equity method investees, net of income taxes ) Other Changes in operating assets and liabilities before effects of asset dispositions Accounts receivable ) Inventories Derivative financial instruments Prepaid expenses and other assets ) Accounts payable and accrued liabilities ) ) Current income taxes Other ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities Purchases of property and equipment, net ) ) Proceeds from the sale of assets Investment in equity method investees ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Payments of principal on long-term debt ) ) Proceeds from short-term borrowings Payments on short-term borrowings ) ) Payments on extinguishment of non-controlling interest ) Payments of transaction costs ) Payments of dividends and distributions ) Payments of loan fees ) ) Payments related to tax withholdings for stock-based compensation ) ) Other financing activities ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 
 Continued on the following page 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 GREEN PLAINS INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (unaudited and in thousands) 
 Continued from the previous page 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Reconciliation of total cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash and cash equivalents, and restricted cash Supplemental investing activities Assets disposed of in sale Less: liabilities relinquished ) ) Net assets disposed Supplemental disclosures of cash flow Cash paid for income taxes, net Cash paid for interest Capital expenditures in accounts payable Capital expenditures in other liabilities Issuance of common stock as a result of the Merger Non-cash extinguishment of non-controlling interest within additional paid-in capital Non-cash ARO additions 

See accompanying notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 GREEN PLAINS INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (unaudited) 
 
 1. 
 operating segments: (1) ethanol production, which includes the production, storage and transportation of ethanol, distillers grains, Ultra-High Protein and renewable corn oil and (2) agribusiness and energy services, which includes grain handling and storage, commodity marketing and merchant trading for company-produced and third-party ethanol, distillers grains, renewable corn oil, natural gas and other commodities. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

11 

Table of Contents 

Investments in Equity Method Investees 
 The company's equity method investments, which consist primarily of the company's investment in GP Turnkey Tharaldson, including additional contributions during 2024, totaled million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and are reflected in other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. Interest capitalized related to our equity method investments for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 totaled million. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 In November 2023, the FASB issued ASU 2023-07, Segment Reporting (Topic 280) - Improvements to Reportable Segment Disclosures , which improves reportable segment disclosure requirements through enhanced disclosures about significant segment expenses. ASU 2023-07 is effective for public entities that are required to report segment information in accordance with Topic 280 for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, and interim periods within fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2024. Early adoption is permitted. The company is currently evaluating the impact of this ASU. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 Distillers grains Renewable corn oil Other Intersegment revenues ) Total revenues from contracts with customers ) Revenues from contracts accounted for as derivatives under ASC 815 (1) 
 Ethanol Distillers grains Renewable corn oil Other Intersegment revenues ) Total revenues from contracts accounted for as derivatives ) Total Revenues ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Ethanol Production Agribusiness Energy Services Eliminations Total Revenues Revenues from contracts with customers under ASC 606 Ethanol Distillers grains Renewable corn oil Other Intersegment revenues ) Total revenues from contracts with customers ) Revenues from contracts accounted for as derivatives under ASC 815 (1) 
 Ethanol Distillers grains Renewable corn oil Other Intersegment revenues ) Total revenues from contracts accounted for as derivatives ) Total Revenues ) 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 Distillers grains Renewable corn oil Other Intersegment revenues ) Total revenues from contracts with customers ) Revenues from contracts accounted for as derivatives under ASC 815 (1) 
 Ethanol Distillers grains Renewable corn oil Other Intersegment revenues ) Total revenues from contracts accounted for as derivatives ) Total Revenues ) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Ethanol Production Agribusiness Energy Services Eliminations Total Revenues Revenues from contracts with customers under ASC 606 Ethanol Distillers grains Renewable corn oil Other Intersegment revenues ) Total revenues from contracts with customers ) Revenues from contracts accounted for as derivatives under ASC 815 (1) 
 Ethanol Distillers grains Renewable corn oil Other Intersegment revenues ) Total revenues from contracts accounted for as derivatives ) Total Revenues ) 
 
 (1) Revenues from contracts accounted for as derivatives represent physically settled derivative sales that are outside the scope of ASC 606. 
 Major Customers 
 Revenues from Customer A represented of total revenues for both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 recorded within the ethanol production segment. For both the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, Customer A represented of total revenues recorded within the ethanol production segment. 
 
 3. 
 million shares of common stock to acquire all of the publicly held common units of the partnership not already owned by the company prior to the Merger at a fixed exchange ratio of shares of the company's common 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 per share, along with of cash consideration for each partnership common unit. The total consideration as a result of the Merger was million, which was comprised of million in cash and million of common stock exchanged. As a result of the Merger, the partnership's common units are no longer publicly traded. 
 The interests in the partnership owned by the company and its subsidiaries remain outstanding as limited partner interests in the surviving entity. The General Partner of the partnership will continue to own the non-economic general partner interest in the surviving entity. 
 Since the company controlled the partnership prior to the Merger and continues to control the partnership after the Merger, the company accounted for the change in its ownership interest in the partnership as an equity transaction during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, which is reflected as a reduction of non-controlling interest with a corresponding increase to common stock and additional paid-in capital. No gain or loss was recognized in the consolidated statements of operations as a result of the Merger. 
 Prior to the effective time of the Merger on January 9, 2024, public unitholders owned a limited partner interest, the company owned a limited partner interest and a general partner interest in the partnership. The earnings of the partnership that were attributed to its common units held by the public for the year ended December 31, 2023 are reflected in net income attributable to non-controlling interest in the consolidated statements of operations. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the non-controlling interest attributed to the partnership common units held by the public of million were recorded as a reduction of non-controlling interest with a corresponding increase to additional paid-in capital. 
 The company incurred transaction costs of million related to the Merger during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and million during the year ended December 31, 2023. These costs were directly related to the Merger consisting primarily of financial advisory services, legal services and other professional fees, and were recorded as an offset to the issuance of common stock within additional paid-in capital. 
 Disposition of Birmingham Terminal 
 On September 30, 2024, the company completed the sale of the terminal located in Birmingham, Alabama and certain related assets and transfer of liabilities (the "Birmingham Transaction") for a sale price of million, plus working capital of million. The company recorded a pretax gain on the sale of million. The proceeds from the sale were used to repay the outstanding balance of the Green Plains Partners term loan due July 20, 2026. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 Prepaid expenses and other Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Accounts payable ) Accrued and other liabilities ) Operating lease current liabilities ) Operating lease long-term liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Total identifiable net assets disposed 
 The amounts reflected above represent amounts subject to post-closing working capital adjustments, which had not yet occurred as of September 30, 2024. 
 Disposition of the Atkinson Ethanol Plant 
 On September 7, 2023, the company completed the sale of the plant located in Atkinson, Nebraska and certain related assets and transfer of liabilities (the "Atkinson Transaction") for a sale price of million, plus working capital of million. Correspondingly, the company entered into a separate asset purchase agreement with the partnership for million to acquire the storage assets and the associated railcar operating leases. The divested assets were reported within the company s ethanol production and agribusiness and energy services segments. The company recorded a pretax gain on the sale of the Atkinson plant of million recorded within corporate activities. 
 Prepaid expenses and other Property and equipment Operating lease right-of-use assets Accrued and other liabilities ) Operating lease current liabilities ) Operating lease long-term liabilities ) Other liabilities ) Total identifiable net assets disposed 
 
 4. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Restricted cash Inventories carried at market Derivative financial instruments - assets Other assets Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Accounts payable (1) 
 Accrued and other liabilities (2) 
 Derivative financial instruments - liabilities Other liabilities (2) 
 Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash Inventories carried at market Derivative financial instruments - assets Total assets measured at fair value Liabilities Accounts payable (1) 
 Accrued and other liabilities (2) 
 Derivative financial instruments - liabilities Other liabilities (2) 
 Total liabilities measured at fair value 
 (1) Accounts payable is generally stated at historical amounts with the exception of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, related to certain delivered inventory for which the payable fluctuates based on changes in commodity prices. These payables are hybrid financial instruments for which the company has elected the fair value option. 
 (2) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, accrued and other liabilities includes million and million and other liabilities includes million and million of consideration related to potential earn-out payments recorded at fair value. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the fair value of the company s debt was approximately million compared with a book value of million. At December 31, 2023, the fair value of the company s debt was approximately million compared with a book value of million. The company estimated the fair value of its outstanding debt using Level 2 inputs. The company believes the fair value of its accounts receivable approximated book value, which was million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Although the company currently does not have any recurring Level 3 financial measurements, the fair values of tangible assets and goodwill acquired represent Level 3 measurements which were derived using a combination of the income approach, market approach and cost approach for the specific assets or liabilities being valued. 
 
 5. 
 operating segments: (1) ethanol production, which includes the production, storage and transportation of ethanol, distillers grains, Ultra-High Protein and renewable corn oil and (2) agribusiness and energy services, which includes grain handling and storage, commodity marketing and merchant trading for company-produced and third-party ethanol, distillers grains, Ultra-High Protein, renewable corn oil, natural gas and other commodities. 
 As a result of the Merger, the partnership's operations are included in the ethanol production operating segment. The following changes were made to the company's operating segments: 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 Intersegment revenues Total segment revenues Agribusiness and energy services Revenues from external customers Intersegment revenues Total segment revenues Revenues including intersegment activity Intersegment eliminations ) ) ) ) 
 Refer to Note 2 Revenue , for further disaggregation of revenue by operating segment. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of goods sold Ethanol production (1) 
 Agribusiness and energy services Intersegment eliminations ) ) ) ) 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 Agribusiness and energy services 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Depreciation and amortization Ethanol production Agribusiness and energy services Corporate activities (2) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating income (loss) Ethanol production (3) 
 ) ) Agribusiness and energy services Corporate activities (4) 
 ) ) ) ) ) 
 
 (1) Costs historically reported as operations and maintenance expenses in the consolidated statements of operations are now being reported within cost of goods sold, resulting in increased cost of goods sold and decreased gross margin within the ethanol production segment. 
 (2) Depreciation and amortization for corporate activities includes impairment of a research and development technology intangible asset of million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Ethanol production includes an inventory lower of average cost or net realizable value adjustment of million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and of million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 (4) Corporate activities include a pretax gain on sale of assets of million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and of million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Agribusiness and energy services Corporate assets Intersegment eliminations ) ) 

6. 
 million and million lower of cost or net 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 Commodities held for sale Raw materials Work-in-process Supplies and parts 
 
 7. 
 million, net of tax, in accumulated other comprehensive income. The company expects these items will be reclassified as operating income over the next 12 months as a result of hedged transactions that are forecasted to occur. The amount realized in operating income will differ as commodity prices change. 
 Fair Values of Derivative Instruments 
 (1) 
 (2) 

Other assets Other liabilities Total 
 (1) At September 30, 2024, derivative financial instruments, as reflected on the balance sheet, includes net unrealized gains on exchange-traded futures and options contracts of million, which included million of net unrealized gains on derivative financial instruments designated as cash flow hedging instruments, million of unrealized losses on derivative financial instruments designated as fair value hedging instruments, and the balance representing economic hedges. 
 (2) At December 31, 2023, derivative financial instruments, as reflected on the balance sheet, includes net unrealized gains on exchange-traded futures and options contracts of million, which include million of net unrealized gains on derivative financial instruments designated as cash flow hedging instruments, million of unrealized gains on derivative financial instruments designated as fair value hedging instruments, and the balance representing economic hedges. 
 Refer to Note 4 Fair Value Disclosures , which contains fair value information related to derivative financial instruments. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Cost of goods sold ) ) ) ) Net loss recognized in income (loss) before income taxes ) ) ) ) 
 Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income on Derivatives Gain (Loss) Recognized in Other Comprehensive Income on Derivatives Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 Commodity contracts ) 
 A portion of the company s derivative instruments are considered economic hedges and as such are not designated as hedging instruments. The company uses exchange-traded futures and options contracts to manage its net position of product inventories and forward cash purchase and sales contracts to reduce price risk caused by market fluctuations. Derivatives, including exchange traded contracts and forward commodity purchase or sale contracts, and inventories of certain agricultural products, which include amounts acquired under deferred pricing contracts, are stated at fair value. Fair value estimates are based on exchange-quoted prices, adjusted as appropriate for regional location basis value, which represent differences in local markets including transportation as well as quality or grade differences. 
 ) Forwards Revenues ) Exchange-traded futures and options Cost of goods sold Forwards Cost of goods sold ) Net gain (loss) recognized in income (loss) before income taxes 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 ) 
 Effect of Cash Flow and Fair Value Hedge Accounting on the Statements of Operations 
 Location and Amount of Gain (Loss) Recognized in Income on Cash Flow and Fair Value Hedging Relationships for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Revenue Cost of Goods Sold Revenue Cost of Goods Sold Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships Commodity contracts Gain (loss) on exchange-traded futures reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income into income ) ) ) Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationships Commodity contracts Fair-value hedged inventories Exchange-traded futures designated as hedging instruments ) ) Total amounts of income and expense line items presented in the statement of operations in which the effects of cash flow or fair value hedges are recorded ) ) ) 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) Gain (loss) on fair value hedging relationships Commodity contracts Fair-value hedged inventories ) Exchange-traded futures designated as hedging instruments ) Total amounts of income and expense line items presented in the statement of operations in which the effects of cash flow or fair value hedges are recorded ) ) )) Bushels Corn Futures (3) 
 Bushels Corn Futures ) (4) 
 Bushels Corn Futures ) Gallons Ethanol Futures ) (3) 
 Gallons Ethanol Futures ) MmBTU Natural Gas Futures (3) 
 MmBTU Natural Gas Futures ) (4) 
 MmBTU Natural Gas Futures ) Tons Soybean Meal Options Bushels Corn Options ) Bushels Soybeans Options Tons Soybean Meal Options MmBTU Natural Gas Forwards Bushels Corn Forwards ) Gallons Ethanol Forwards ) Tons Distillers Grains Forwards ) Pounds Renewable Corn Oil Forwards ) MmBTU Natural Gas 
 (1) Notional volume of exchange-traded futures and options are presented on a net long and (short) position basis. Options are presented on a delta-adjusted basis. 
 (2) Notional volume of non-exchange-traded forward physical contracts are presented on a gross long and (short) position basis, including both fixed-price and basis contracts, for which only the basis portion of the contract price is fixed. 
 (3) Notional volume of exchange-traded futures used for cash flow hedges. 
 (4) Notional volume of exchange-traded futures used for fair value hedges. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and net losses of million and net gains of million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively, on energy trading contracts. 
 
 8. 
 convertible notes due 2027 (1) 
 Green Plains SPE LLC million junior secured mezzanine notes due 2026 (2) 
 Green Plains Shenandoah million loan agreement (3) 
 Green Plains Partners million term loan (4) 
 Other Total book value of long-term debt Unamortized debt issuance costs ) ) Less: current maturities of long-term debt ) ) Total long-term debt 
 (1) The notes had million and million of unamortized debt issuance costs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) The junior notes had million and million of unamortized debt issuance costs as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) The loan had million of unamortized debt issuance costs as of both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 (4) Proceeds from the Birmingham Transaction were used to repay the outstanding balance of the term loan on September 30, 2024. The term loan had million of unamortized debt issuance costs as of December 31, 2023. 
 million revolver 
 Green Plains Commodity Management million hedge line 
 
 Corporate Activities 
 In March 2021, the company issued an aggregate million of convertible senior notes due on March 15, 2027, or the notes. The notes bear interest at a rate of per year, payable on March 15 and September 15 of each year. The notes are senior, unsecured obligations of the company. The notes are convertible, at the option of the holders, into consideration consisting of, at the company s election, cash, shares of the company s common stock, or a combination of cash and stock (and cash in lieu of fractional shares). However, before September 15, 2026, the notes will not be convertible unless certain conditions are satisfied. The initial conversion rate is 31.6206 shares of the company s common stock per 1,000 principal amount of notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately per share of the company s common stock), representing an approximately premium over the offering price of the company s common stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, including but not limited to; the event of a stock dividend or stock split; the issuance of additional rights, options 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 notes for redemption. 
 On and after March 15, 2024, and prior to the maturity date, the company may redeem, for cash, all, but not less than all, of the notes if the last reported sale price of the company s common stock equals or exceeds of the applicable conversion price on (i) at least trading days during a consecutive trading day period ending on the trading day immediately prior to the date the company delivers notice of the redemption; and (ii) the trading day immediately before the date of the redemption notice. The redemption price will equal of the principal amount of the notes to be redeemed, plus any accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. In addition, upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the indenture for the notes), holders of the notes will have the right, at their option, to require the company to repurchase their notes for cash at a price equal to of the principal amount of the notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the fundamental change repurchase date. 
 Ethanol Production Segment 
 On February 9, 2021, Green Plains SPE LLC, a wholly-owned special purpose subsidiary and parent of Green Plains Obion and Green Plains Mount Vernon, issued million of junior secured mezzanine notes due 2026 (the Junior Notes with BlackRock, a holder of a portion of the company s common stock. 
 The Junior Notes will mature on February 9, 2026 and are secured by a pledge of the membership interests in and the real property owned by Green Plains Obion and Green Plains Mount Vernon. The proceeds of the Junior Notes were used to construct high protein processing systems at the Green Plains Obion and Green Plains Mount Vernon facilities. The Junior Notes accrue interest at an annual rate of . However, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions, Green Plains SPE LLC may elect to pay an amount in cash equal to interest accruing at a rate of per annum plus an amount equal to interest accruing at a rate of per annum to be paid in kind. The entire outstanding principal balance, plus any accrued and unpaid interest is due upon maturity. Green Plains SPE LLC is required to comply with certain financial covenants regarding minimum liquidity at Green Plains and a maximum aggregate loan to value. The Junior Notes can be retired or refinanced after months with no prepayment premium. The Junior Notes have an unsecured parent guarantee from the company and have certain limitations on distributions, dividends or loans to the company unless there will not exist any event of default. 
 On September 3, 2020, Green Plains Wood River and Green Plains Shenandoah, wholly-owned subsidiaries of the company, entered into a million loan agreement with MetLife Real Estate Lending LLC. The loan matures on September 1, 2035 and is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Shenandoah facility. During the second quarter of 2024, the agreement was modified to remove the Wood River facility from the assets considered to be secured under the loan agreement and Green Plains Wood River was removed as a counterparty to the loan agreement. The proceeds from the loan were used to add MSC technology at the Wood River and Shenandoah facilities as well as other capital expenditures. 
 The loan bears interest at a fixed rate of plus an interest rate premium, subject to quarterly adjustments, of to based on the leverage ratio of total funded debt to EBITDA of Shenandoah. Principal payments of million per year began in October 2022. Prepayments were prohibited until September 2024. Financial covenants of the loan agreement include a minimum loan to value ratio of , a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio of x, a total debt service reserve of of future principal and interest payments and a minimum working capital requirement at Green Plains of not less than per gallon of nameplate capacity or million. The loan is guaranteed by the company and has certain limitations on distributions, dividends or loans to Green Plains by Shenandoah unless immediately after giving effect to such action, there will not exist any event of default. At September 30, 2024, the interest rate on the loan was . 
 Green Plains Partners had a term loan to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general partnership purposes. Interest on the term loan was based on 3-month SOFR plus . At September 30, 2024, the interest rate on the term loan was . On September 30, 2024, the proceeds from the Birmingham Transaction were used to repay the outstanding principal and interest of the loan in full. Prepayments totalin g million and million were made during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 The company also has small equipment financing loans, finance leases on equipment or facilities, and other forms of debt financing. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 , million senior secured sustainability-linked revolving Loan and Security Agreement (the Facility with a group of financial institutions. This transaction refinanced the separate credit facilities previously held by Green Plains Grain and Green Plains Trade. The Facility matures on March 25, 2027. 
 The Facility includes revolving commitments totaling million and an accordion feature whereby amounts available under the Facility may be increased by up to million of new lender commitments subject to certain conditions. Each SOFR rate loan shall bear interest for each day at a rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR rate for the outstanding period plus a Term SOFR adjustment and an applicable margin of to , which is dependent on undrawn availability under the Facility. Each base rate loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the base rate plus the applicable margin of to , which is dependent on undrawn availability under the Facility. The unused portion of the Facility is also subject to a commitment fee of to , dependent on undrawn availability. Additionally, the applicable margin and commitment fee are subject to certain increases or decreases of up to and , respectively, tied to the company s achievement of certain sustainability criteria, including the reduction of GHG emissions, recordable incident rate reduction, increased renewable corn oil production and the implementation of technology to produce sustainable ingredients. 
 The Facility contains customary affirmative and negative covenants, as well as the following financial covenants to be calculated as of the last day of any month: the current ratio of the Borrowers shall not be less than to 1.00; the collateral coverage ratio of the Borrowers shall not be less than to 1.00; and the debt to capitalization ratio of the company shall not be greater than to 1.00. 
 The Facility also includes customary events of default, including without limitation, failure to make required payments of principal or interest, material incorrect representations and warranties, breach of covenants, events of bankruptcy and other certain matters. The Facility is secured by the working capital assets of the Borrowers and is guaranteed by the company. At September 30, 2024, the interest rate on the Facility was . 
 Green Plains Commodity Management has an uncommitted million revolving credit facility to finance margins related to its hedging programs, which is secured by cash and securities held in its brokerage accounts. During the first quarter of 2023, this revolving credit facility was extended five years to mature on April 30, 2028. Advances are subject to variable interest rates equal to SOFR plus . At September 30, 2024, the interest rate on the facility was . 
 Green Plains Grain has a short-term inventory financing agreement with a financial institution. The company has accounted for the agreement as short-term notes, rather than revenues, and has elected the fair value option to offset fluctuations in market prices of the inventory. This agreement is subject to negotiated variable interest rates. The company had outstanding short-term notes payable related to the inventory financing agreement as of September 30, 2024. 
 Covenant Compliance 
 The company was in compliance with its debt covenants as of September 30, 2024. 
 Restricted Net Assets 
 At September 30, 2024, there were approximately million of net assets at the company s subsidiaries that could not be transferred to the parent company in the form of dividends, loans or advances due to restrictions contained in the credit facilities of these subsidiaries. 
 
 9. 
 million was disposed of in the Birmingham Transaction, which previously was recorded within the ethanol production segment. The carrying amount of goodwill attributable to the ethanol production segment as of September 30, 2024, and December 31, 2023, was million and million, respectively. The company records goodwill within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 10. 
 million shares of common stock for issuance pursuant to the plan, of which million shares remain available for issuance. The plan provides for shares, including options to purchase shares of common stock, stock appreciation rights tied to the value of common stock, restricted stock, performance share awards, and restricted and deferred stock unit awards, to be granted to eligible employees, non-employee directors and consultants. The company measures stock-based compensation at fair value on the grant date, with no adjustments for estimated forfeitures. The company records noncash compensation expense related to equity awards in its consolidated financial statements over the requisite period on a straight-line basis. 
 Restricted Stock Awards and Deferred Stock Units 
 Granted Forfeited ) Vested ) Non-Vested at September 30, 2024 
 Performance Share Awards 
 On March 13, 2024, March 9, 2023, and March 14, 2022, the board of directors granted performance shares to be awarded in the form of common stock to certain participants of the plan. These performance shares vest based on the level of achievement of certain performance goals, including the incremental value achieved from the company's high-protein and clean sugar initiatives, annual production levels and return on investment (ROI). Performance shares granted in 2024 include certain market-based factors requiring a Monte Carlo valuation model to estimate the fair value of the performance shares on the date of the grant. The weighted average assumptions used by the company in applying the Monte Carlo valuation model for performance share grants and related valuation include a risk-free interest rate of , dividend yields of , expected volatility of and a closing stock price on the date of grant of , resulting in an estimated fair value of per share. Performance shares granted in 2023 and 2022 do not contain market-based factors requiring a Monte Carlo valuation model. The performance shares were granted at a target of , but each performance share can be reduced or increased depending on results for the performance period. If the company achieves the maximum performance goals, the maximum amount of shares available to be issued pursuant to the 2024, 2023 and 2022 awards are performance shares which represents of the performance shares which remain outstanding. The actual number of performance shares that will ultimately vest is based on the actual performance targets achieved at the end of the performance period. 
 On February 18, 2021, the board of directors granted performance shares to be awarded in the form of common stock to certain participants of the plan. The performance shares were granted at a target of , but each performance share was reduced or increased depending on results for the performance period. On February 16, 2024, based on the criteria discussed above, the 2021 performance shares vested at , which resulted in the issuance of shares of common stock. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Granted Vested ) Non-Vested at September 30, 2024 
 Green Plains Partners 
 Green Plains Partners had a long-term incentive plan (LTIP) intended to promote the interests of the partnership, its general partner and affiliates by providing unit-based incentive compensation awards to employees, consultants and directors to encourage superior performance. As a result of the Merger, the LTIP units available for issuance were converted to million shares available for issuance under the company's equity incentive plan. 
 Vested (1) 
 ) Non-Vested at September 30, 2024 (1) 
 
 (1) Pursuant to the Merger Agreement, each of these awards became fully vested at the effective time of the Merger on January 9, 2024. 
 Stock-Based Compensation Expense 
 Compensation costs for the stock-based payment plan were million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. At September 30, 2024, there was million of unrecognized compensation costs from stock-based compensation related to non-vested awards. This compensation is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of approximately years. The potential tax benefit related to stock-based payment is approximately of these expenses. 
 
 11. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding - basic EPS - basic ) ) EPS - diluted Net income (loss) attributable to Green Plains ) ) Interest and amortization on convertible notes due 2027, net of tax effect 
 Net income (loss) attributable to Green Plains - diluted ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding - basic Effect of dilutive convertible notes due 2027 
 Effect of dilutive warrants Effect of dilutive stock-based compensation awards Weighted average shares outstanding - diluted EPS - diluted ) ) Anti-dilutive weighted-average convertible debt, warrants and stock-based compensation (1) 
 
 (1) For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively, the effects related to the company's convertible notes due in 2027, warrants and certain stock-based compensation awards were excluded from diluted EPS as the inclusion of these shares would have been anti-dilutive. 
 
 12. 
 million shares of common stock and recorded par value per share, paid cash consideration of million, extinguished the non-controlling interest attributed to the partnership common units held by the public of million, and capitalized transaction costs of million, within additional paid-in capital. Refer to Note 3 Merger and Dispositions included herein for more information. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassification ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Investment in subsidiaries Partnership Merger ) ) Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Balance, March 31, 2024 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassification ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Other comprehensive income, net of tax Investment in subsidiaries Stock-based compensation Balance, June 30, 2024 ) ) ) Net income Other comprehensive income before reclassification Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Other comprehensive income, net of tax Investment in subsidiaries ) ) Stock-based compensation ) Balance, September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Cash dividends and distributions declared ) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassification ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) ) Investment in subsidiaries Stock-based compensation ) ) ) Balance, March 31, 2023 ) ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Cash dividends and distributions declared ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassification Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Other comprehensive income, net of tax Investment in subsidiaries Stock-based compensation Balance, June 30, 2023 ) ) ) Net income Cash dividends and distributions declared ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassification Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss Other comprehensive income, net of tax Investment in subsidiaries Stock-based compensation ) Balance, September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 32 

Table of Contents 

) ) (1) 
 Commodity derivatives ) ) ) ) (2) 
 Total gains (losses) on cash flow hedges ) ) ) ) (3) 
 Income tax benefit (4) 
 Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Revenues 
 (2) Costs of goods sold 
 (3) Income (loss) before income taxes and income (loss) from equity method investees 
 (4) Income tax benefit 
 
 13. 
 billion of new energy related tax credits over the next ten years. It also permits more flexibility for taxpayers to use the credits with direct-pay and transferable credit options. In addition, the IRA includes key revenue-raising provisions which include a 15 book-income alternative minimum tax on corporations with adjusted financial statement income over billion, a 1 excise tax on the value of certain net stock repurchases by publicly traded companies, and the reinstatement of Superfund excise taxes. 
 On January 9, 2024, the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement were completed as described in more detail in Note 3 Merger and Dispositions included herein. For income tax purposes, the total consideration given by the company in exchange for the remaining interest in the partnership, creates a tax basis in the acquired interest. Because the GAAP basis in the acquired interest is less than the total consideration, a new deferred tax asset was created. The company's valuation allowance on deferred tax assets increased by a corresponding amount, which did not have a material impact on the company's consolidated financial statements. 
 The company recorded income tax benefit, including income tax benefit from equity method investments, of million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with income tax benefit of million for the same period in 2023. The decrease in the amount of tax benefit recorded was primarily due to a decrease in the valuation allowance recorded against certain deferred tax assets for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The effective tax rate can be affected by variances in the estimates and amounts of taxable income among the various states, entities and activity types, realization of tax credits, adjustments from resolution of tax matters under review, valuation allowances and the company s assessment of its liability for uncertain tax positions. 
 million have been recorded as a reduction of the deferred tax assets associated with the federal tax credit carryforwards, which are currently under audit. The research and development ("R D") tax credits are currently under review by the IRS Office of Independent Appeals. The results of the current audit may cause the company to significantly increase or decrease the unrecognized tax benefits associated with R D tax credits for periods under audit and for periods not under audit, which could impact the company's effective tax rate. At this time, the company does not have enough information to be able to estimate the potential financial statement impact. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 14. 
 to approximately years. The land and facility leases include renewal options. The renewal options are included in the lease term only for those sites or locations in which they are reasonably certain to be renewed. Equipment renewals are not considered reasonably certain to be exercised as they typically renew with significantly different underlying terms. 
 Variable lease expense (benefit) (1) 
 ) Total lease expense 
 (1) Represents amounts incurred in excess of the minimum payments required for a certain building lease and for the handling and unloading of railcars for a certain land lease, offset by railcar lease abatements provided by the lessor when railcars are out of service during periods of maintenance or upgrade. 
 Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations Operating leases Right-of-use assets and lease obligations derecognized due to lease modifications: Right-of-use assets (1) 
 Lease obligations (1) 
 
 (1) Amounts presented in 2024 are related to the Birmingham Transaction, while amounts in 2023 relate to the Atkinson Transaction. Derecognition of right-of-use assets and lease obligations for both dispositions is related to railcar operating leases. 
 years years Weighted average discount rate 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total Less: Present value discount ) Lease liabilities 
 
 Other Commitments 
 As of September 30, 2024, the company had contracted future purchases of grain, ethanol, distillers grains and natural gas valued at approximately million and future commitments for storage and transportation, valued at approximately million. 
 The company has entered into contracts with Tallgrass High Plains Carbon Storage, LLC and its affiliates, related to the construction, development and operation of carbon capture and sequestration projects at our Nebraska plants, which are expected to be completed in 2025. Payments associated with these contracts are due monthly over a period of , commencing after the capture facilities are considered in-service. Amounts due under the contracts are based on the achievement of certain project milestones and are subject to termination of all or portions of the contracts. Certain of the future obligations to Tallgrass High Plains Carbon Storage LLC are secured by a leasehold deed of trust, security agreement and assignment of rents and leases. As of September 30, 2024, the company had incurred million of accumulated construction costs in relation to the projects, presented as property, plant and equipment on the consolidated balance sheet, with an equal and offsetting liability presented as other liabilities. 
 Legal 
 The company is currently involved in litigation that has arisen in the ordinary course of business, but does not believe any pending litigation will have a material adverse effect on its financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 General 
 The following discussion and analysis provides information we believe is relevant to understand our consolidated financial condition and results of operations. This discussion should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and notes to the consolidated financial statements contained in this report together with our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 Forward-looking statements are made in accordance with safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on current expectations that involve a number of risks and uncertainties and do not relate strictly to historical or current facts, but rather to plans and objectives for future operations. These statements may be identified by words such as anticipate, believe, continue, estimate, expect, intend, outlook, plan, predict, may, could, should, will and similar expressions, as well as statements regarding future operating or financial performance or guidance, business strategy, environment, key trends and benefits of actual or planned acquisitions. 
 Factors that could cause actual results to differ from those expressed or implied in the forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, those discussed in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors of our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 or incorporated by reference. Specifically, we may experience fluctuations in future operating results due to a number of economic conditions and other factors, including: the status, expected timing, and expected outcome of our Board of Directors' ongoing review of strategic alternatives; the failure to realize the anticipated results from the new products being developed; the failure to realize the anticipated costs savings or other benefits of the Merger; local, regional and national economic conditions and the impact they may have on the company and its customers; disruption caused by health epidemics, such as the COVID-19 outbreak; conditions in the ethanol and biofuels industry, including a sustained decrease in the level of supply or demand for ethanol and biofuels or a sustained decrease in the price of ethanol or biofuels; competition in the ethanol and biofuels industry and other industries in which we operate; commodity market risks, including those that may result from weather conditions; the financial condition of the company s customers; any non-performance by customers of their contractual obligations; changes in safety, health, environmental and other governmental policy and regulation, including changes to tax laws; risks related to acquisition and disposition activities and achieving anticipated results; risks associated with merchant trading; risks related to our equity method investees; the results of any reviews, investigations or other proceedings by government authorities; the performance of the company; and other factors detailed in reports filed with the SEC. 
 We believe our expectations regarding future events are based on reasonable assumptions; however, these assumptions may not be accurate or account for all risks and uncertainties. Consequently, forward-looking statements are not guaranteed. Actual results may vary materially from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements. In addition, we are not obligated and do not intend to update our forward-looking statements as a result of new information unless it is required by applicable securities laws. We caution investors not to place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which represent management s views as of the date of this report or documents incorporated by reference. 
 
 Overview 
 Green Plains is an Iowa corporation, founded in June 2004 as a producer of low-carbon fuels and has grown to be a leading biorefining company maximizing the potential of existing resources through fermentation and patented agribusiness technologies. We continue the transition from a commodity-processing business to a value-added agricultural technology company creating sustainable, high-value ingredients from existing resources. To that end, we are currently executing on a number of initiatives to develop and implement proven agricultural, food and industrial biotechnology systems that allow for product diversification, new market opportunities and production of additional value-added low-carbon ingredients, such as Ultra-High Protein, glucose and dextrose corn syrups, renewable corn oil and more, as well as offering these technologies to the broader biofuels industry. 
 Green Plains Partners LP, a master limited partnership, is our primary downstream storage and logistics provider since its assets are the principal method of storing and delivering the ethanol we produce. On January 9, 2024, pursuant to the Merger Agreement, we completed the acquisition of all the publicly held common units of the partnership not already owned by us and our affiliates. As a result of the Merger, the partnership common units are no longer publicly traded. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 Refer to Note 3 Merger and Dispositions included in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for more information. 
 We group our business activities into the following two operating segments to manage performance: 
 Ethanol Production. Our ethanol production segment includes the production, storage and transportation of ethanol, distillers grains, Ultra-High Protein and renewable corn oil at ten biorefineries in Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Minnesota, Nebraska and Tennessee. At capacity, our facilities are capable of processing approximately 310 million bushels of corn per year and producing approximately 903 million gallons of ethanol, 2.2 million tons of distillers grains and Ultra-High Protein, and 300 million pounds of renewable corn oil, a low-carbon feedstock for biodiesel and renewable diesel. This segment also includes 24 ethanol storage facilities, one fuel terminal facility and approximately 2,200 leased ethanol railcars. We are one of the largest ethanol producers in North America. 
 Agribusiness and Energy Services. Our agribusiness and energy services segment includes grain procurement, with approximately 20.2 million bushels of grain storage capacity, and our commodity marketing business, which markets, sells and distributes the ethanol, distillers grains, Ultra-High Protein and renewable corn oil produced at our ethanol plants. We also market ethanol for a third-party producer as well as buy and sell ethanol, distillers grains, Ultra-High Protein, renewable corn oil, grain, natural gas and other commodities in various markets. 
 We have installed and are operating FQT MSC technology at five of our biorefineries. Through our value-added ingredients initiative, we produce Ultra-High Protein, a feed ingredient with protein concentrations of 50 or greater and yeast concentrations of 25 , increase production of renewable corn oil and produce other higher value products, such as post-MSC distillers grains. We successfully completed full scale 60 protein production runs using FQT's MSC system, which is our new specialty feed ingredient branded as Sequence . In 2021, we formed a 50/50 joint venture with Tharaldson Ethanol Plant I LLC (Tharaldson Ethanol), which owns the MSC technology assets added adjacent to the Tharaldson Ethanol plant in Casselton, North Dakota to produce Ultra-High Protein and increase renewable corn oil yields. These assets completed commissioning and shipped the first commercial quantities during the second quarter of 2024. Including GP Turnkey Tharaldson's capacity, the annual Ultra-High Protein capacity we market is approximately 430 thousand tons. 
 We began pilot scale batch operations at the FQT CST production facility at our Innovation Center at York in the second quarter of 2021, which allows for the production of both food and industrial grade low carbon-intensity glucose and dextrose corn syrups to target applications in food production, renewable chemicals and synthetic biology. The world's first commercial scale FQT CST facility in Shenandoah, Iowa is now producing, with shipments expected to begin in the fourth quarter of 2024. We also anticipate modifying additional biorefineries to include FQT CST production capabilities to meet anticipated future customer demands. 
 Additionally, we have taken advantage of opportunities to divest certain assets to reallocate capital toward our current growth initiatives. We are focused on generating stable and growing operating margins through our business segments and risk management strategy. 
 SAF is a drop-in fuel, chemically identical to petroleum-based jet fuel and can be blended into the fuel supply at varying levels. There is an increasing focus on using this fuel to reduce the carbon footprint of air travel. SAF can be produced from vegetable and waste oil feedstocks, such as our renewable corn oil. Additionally, ATJ technologies are emerging and being commercialized that use low-CI ethanol as a feedstock to produce SAF. In January 2023, Green Plains, United Airlines and Tallgrass formed a joint venture, Blue Blade Energy, to develop and then commercialize ATJ SAF technology. 
 As part of our carbon reduction strategy, we committed our seven biorefineries in Nebraska, Iowa and Minnesota to carbon capture and sequestration projects through carbon pipeline transport, four with Summit Carbon Solutions and three with Trailblazer CO2 Pipeline LLC, which will lower GHG emissions through the capture of biogenic carbon dioxide at each of these biorefineries, significantly lowering their CI. We have executed agreements for the future purchase, financing and installation of carbon capture equipment at our three Nebraska plants. We anticipate completion of these Nebraska biorefinery carbon capture projects in the second half of 2025, and Summit Carbon Solutions intends to be operational in the second half of 2026. In addition, we are collaborating with global partners to explore innovative options for carbon use where pipeline transport or direct injection may not be feasible. Reducing the CI of our fuel ethanol could allow us to benefit from state and federal clean fuel programs, including LCFS and federal tax credits under the IRA, and could position our low-carbon ethanol as a potential feedstock for ATJ pathways to produce SAF. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 In July 2023, we announced a technology collaboration with Equilon Enterprises LLC, which allows us to use FQT s precision separation and processing technology with Shell Fiber Conversion Technology. The two technologies will combine fermentation, mechanical separation and processing, and fiber conversion into one platform. This has the potential to create a new process to liberate all available distillers corn oil currently bound in the fiber fraction of the corn kernel, generate cellulosic sugars for production of low-carbon ethanol, and enhance and expand available high protein to produce high-quality ingredients for global animal feed diets. Our collaboration completed the construction of a facility at Green Plains York and began commissioning during 2024. 
 Our profitability is highly dependent on commodity prices, particularly for ethanol, distillers grains, Ultra-High Protein, renewable corn oil, soybean meal, corn, and natural gas. Since market price fluctuations of these commodities are not always correlated, our operations may be unprofitable at times. We use a variety of risk management tools and hedging strategies to monitor price risk exposure at our ethanol plants and lock in favorable margins or reduce production when margins are compressed. Our profitability could be significantly impacted by price movements of the aforementioned commodities. 
 
 Recent Developments 
 Clean Sugar Technology 
 The company has achieved successful ongoing production of dextrose syrups with CST TM at its Shenandoah facility. The syrups produced with CST TM have proven successful in trials as feedstocks for fermentation of various bio-products and bio-chemicals, in addition to food ingredients. The company is going through final product approvals with multiple potential offtake partnerships. 
 Birmingham Terminal 
 On September 30, 2024, the company completed the sale of the terminal located in Birmingham, Alabama and certain related assets and transfer of liabilities (the "Birmingham Transaction") for a sale price of 47.5 million, plus working capital of 1.4 million. The company recorded a pretax gain on the sale of 30.7 million. The proceeds from the sale were used to repay the outstanding balance of the Green Plains Partners term loan due July 20, 2026. Refer to Note 3 Merger and Dispositions in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for more information. 
 Strategic Review 
 As previously announced, the company initiated a strategic review process in February 2024 to explore a broad range of opportunities to enhance long-term shareholder value, including, but not limited to, acquisitions, divestitures, a merger or sale, partnerships and financings. The Board of Directors continues to progress the strategic review process, working with its financial advisors, BMO Capital Markets Corp. and Moelis Company, and legal advisors Vinson Elkins LLP. There is no deadline or definitive timetable for completion of the strategic review process, and there can be no assurances that the process will result in a transaction or any other outcome. The company does not intend to make any further public comment regarding the review until the Board has approved a specific action or otherwise determines that additional disclosure is appropriate or required. 
 The Partnership Merger 
 On January 9, 2024, the transactions contemplated by the Merger Agreement were completed and the company acquired all of the publicly held common units of the partnership not already owned by the company and its affiliates. Refer to Note 3 Merger and Dispositions in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for more information. 
 
 Results of Operations 
 During the third quarter of 2024, we maintained an average utilization rate of approximately 96.8 of capacity, resulting in ethanol production of 220.2 mmg, compared with 223.4 mmg, or 93.9 of capacity, for the same quarter last year. Our operating strategy is to transform our company into a value-add agricultural technology company. Depending on the margin environment, we may exercise operational discretion that results in reductions in production volumes. It is possible that throughput volumes could fluctuate in the future, depending on various factors that drive each biorefinery s variable contribution margin, including future driving and gasoline demand for the industry, demand for valuable coproducts we produce, and the supply and pricing of renewable feedstocks needed to operate our biorefineries. We are currently producing Ultra-High Protein at five of our biorefineries. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 U.S. Ethanol Supply and Demand 
 According to the EIA, domestic ethanol production averaged 1.07 million barrels per day during the third quarter of 2024, which was 3.1 higher than the 1.04 million barrels per day for the same quarter last year. Refiner and blender input volume was 914 thousand barrels per day for the third quarter of 2024, compared with 907 thousand barrels per day for the same quarter last year. Gasoline demand was 2.7 higher than the prior year at 9.0 million barrels per day during the third quarter of 2024. U.S. domestic ethanol ending stocks increased by approximately 1.6 million barrels compared to the prior year, or 7.2 , to 23.5 million barrels as of September 30, 2024. As of this filing, according to Prime the Pump, there were approximately 3,571 retail stations selling E15 year-round. 
 Global Ethanol Supply and Demand 
 According to the USDA Foreign Agriculture Service, domestic ethanol exports through August 31, 2024, were approximately 1,240 mmg, up from the 921 mmg for the same period of 2023. Canada was the largest export destination for U.S. ethanol accounting for approximately 35 of domestic ethanol export volume, driven in part by their national clean fuel standard. The United Kingdom, India, Colombia, and the Netherlands accounted for approximately 13 , 10 , 7 and 6 , respectively, of U.S. ethanol exports. We currently estimate that net ethanol exports will range from 1.7 to 1.9 billion gallons in 2024, based on historical demand from a variety of countries and certain countries that seek to improve their air quality, reduce GHG emissions through low-carbon fuel programs and eliminate MTBE from their own fuel supplies. Fluctuations in currencies relative to the U.S. dollar could impact the U.S. ethanol competitiveness in the global market. 
 Protein and Vegetable Oil Supply and Demand 
 Our dried distillers grains and high protein ingredients compete against other ethanol producers domestically and abroad, as well as with soybean meal, canola meal and other protein feed ingredients. Likewise, our distillers corn oil, which is a feedstock for producing biodiesel, renewable diesel and to some extent SAF, competes against other vegetable oils such as soybean oil, canola oil, and to some extent palm oil, as well as against waste oils such as used cooking oils, animal fats and tallow. Soybean processing capacity in the U.S. has been expanding to meet the rising demand for vegetable oils to produce renewable fuels. According to the National Oilseed Processors Association, for the third quarter of 2024, soybean crush was approximately 518 million bushels, up 18 million bushels from the 500 million bushels crushed during the third quarter of 2023. Soybean oil stocks as of September 30, 2024, were 1.1 billion pounds, which was consistent with stocks as of the prior year. Soybean meal production was 12.2 million short tons for the third quarter of 2024, up from the 11.8 million short tons from the same period in the prior year. 
 Legislation and Regulation 
 We are sensitive to government programs and policies that affect the supply and demand for ethanol and other fuels, which in turn may impact the volume of ethanol and other products we handle. Over the years, various bills and amendments have been proposed in the House and Senate, which would eliminate the RFS entirely, eliminate the corn-based ethanol portion of the mandate, lower the price of RINs and make it more difficult to sell fuel blends with higher levels of ethanol. Bills have also been introduced to require or otherwise incentivize higher levels of octane blending, allow for year-round sales of higher blends of ethanol and require car manufacturers to produce vehicles that can operate on higher ethanol blends. We believe it is unlikely that any of these bills will become law in the current Congress. In addition, the manner in which the EPA administers the RFS and related regulations can have a significant impact on the actual amount of ethanol and other biofuels blended into the domestic fuel supply. 
 Federal mandates and state-level clean fuel standards supporting the use of renewable fuels are a significant driver of ethanol demand in the U.S. Ethanol policies are influenced by concerns for the environment, diversifying the fuel supply, supporting U.S. farmers and reducing the country s dependence on foreign oil. Consumer acceptance of FFVs, availability of higher ethanol blends and increased use of higher ethanol blends in non-FFVs may be necessary before ethanol can achieve further growth in the U.S. light duty surface transportation fleet market share. In addition, expansion of clean fuel standards in other states and countries, or a national LCFS could increase the demand for ethanol, depending on how they are structured. Incentives for automakers to produce FFVs phased out in 2020, and the EPA's proposed Corporate Average Fuel Economy (CAFE) standards further incentivize EV production, with the current administration's stated goal of having EVs represent two-thirds of vehicles sold by 2032. Sales of EVs in the U.S. were approximately 346 thousand vehicles during the third quarter of 2024, an 11 year over year increase. During the third quarter ended September 30, 2024, EV market share reached 8.9 , the highest on record. Transition of the light duty surface transportation fleet from internal combustion engines to EVs could decrease the demand for ethanol. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 The IRA, which was signed into law on August 16, 2022, is a sweeping policy that could have many potential impacts on our business which we are continuing to evaluate. The legislation (1) created a new Clean Fuel Production Credit, section 45Z of the Internal Revenue Code, of 0.02 per gallon per CI point reduction for any fuel below a 50 CI threshold from 2025 to 2027, which could impact our fuel ethanol, depending on the level of GHG reduction for each gallon; (2) created a new tax credit for SAF, section 40B of the Internal Revenue Code, of 1.25 to 1.75 per gallon for 2023 and 2024, depending on the GHG reduction for each gallon, that could possibly involve some of our renewable corn oil or low carbon ethanol as feedstock through an ATJ pathway, depending on the life cycle analysis model being used (this credit expires after 2024 and shifts to the 45Z Clean Fuel Production Credit, where it qualifies for up to 0.035 per gallon per CI point reduction below a 50 CI threshold); (3) expanded the carbon capture and sequestration credit, section 45Q of the Internal Revenue Code, to 85 for each metric ton of carbon dioxide sequestered, which could impact our carbon capture strategies, though it cannot be claimed in conjunction with the 45Z Clean Fuel Production Credit, which could prove to be more valuable; (4) extended the 1.00 per gallon biomass-based diesel tax credit through 2024, which could impact our renewable corn oil values, as this co-product serves as a low-carbon feedstock for renewable diesel and biodiesel production (this credit expires after 2024 and shifts to the 45Z Clean Fuel Production credit, where all non-SAF fuels qualify for 0.02 per gallon for each point of CI reduction under the 50 CI threshold); (5) funded 500 million of biofuel blending infrastructure, which could impact the availability of higher level ethanol blended fuel; (6) increased funding for climate-smart agriculture and working lands conservation programs for farmers by 20 billion; and (7) provided credits for the production and purchase of EVs, which could impact the amount of internal combustion engines built and sold longer term, and by extension impact the demand for liquid fuels including ethanol. There are numerous additional clean energy credits included in this law, including investment tax credits for construction of clean energy infrastructure, that could impact us and our overall competitiveness. Regulatory rulemaking for the administration of these programs is underway, and the final regulations could impact many aspects of our business. On April 30, 2024, the U.S. Department of Treasury issued regulatory guidance along with an updated GREET lifecycle assessment model for the 40B SAF tax credit, which included a pathway for U.S. corn ethanol to qualify as a feedstock for SAF if the carbon intensity is lowered through utilization of various technologies and practices, including carbon capture and climate smart agriculture practices. On June 22, 2024, the USDA put out a Request for Information on the Production of Biofuel Feedstocks using climate smart practices, which could inform rulemaking for the 45Z Clean Fuel Production Credit. As of this filing, proposed regulations for 45Z had yet to be issued, despite its effective date of January 1, 2025. 
 The RFS sets a floor for biofuels use in the United States. In June 2023, the EPA finalized RVOs for 2023, 2024 and 2025, setting the implied conventional ethanol levels at 15.25 billion gallons for 2023, and 15 billion for 2024 and 2025, inclusive of 250 million gallons of supplemental volume in 2023 to reflect a court-ordered remand of a previously lowered RVO. The EPA also proposed a modest increase in biomass-based diesel volumes over the three years, setting the volumes at 2.82 billion for 2023, 3.04 billion for 2024 and 3.35 billion for 2025. The EPA also indicated that corn kernel fiber would contribute to the finalized cellulosic volumes and could move to approve registrations that have been languishing for years at the agency. The EPA also removed a proposed e-RIN program to support EVs from the final rule, but indicated they may move forward with it in a separate rulemaking. The EPA is required to propose RVOs for 2026 and potentially additional years by November of 2024. From time to time, the EPA has delayed the proposed RVOs past the statutory deadlines, and on July 8, 2024, the administration indicated that it intends to propose RVOs for 2026 and potentially additional years in March 2025, and finalize them in December 2025. 
 Under the RFS, RINs impact supply and demand. The EPA assigns individual refiners, blenders, and importers the volume of renewable fuels they are obligated to use in each annual RVO based on their percentage of total production of domestic transportation fuel sales. Obligated parties use RINs to show compliance with the RFS mandated volumes. Ethanol producers assign RINs to each gallon of renewable fuel they produce and the RINs are detached when the renewable fuel is blended with transportation fuel domestically. Market participants can trade the detached RINs in the open market. The market price of detached RINs can affect the price of ethanol in certain markets and can influence purchasing decisions by obligated parties. SREs can reduce or waive entirely the obligation for a refinery, which has the practical effect of reducing the RVO, and by extension the number of RINs that need to be retired, which can impact their values and ultimately blending levels of renewable fuels. There are multiple on-going legal challenges to how the EPA has handled SREs and RFS rulemakings. On October 21, 2024, the U.S. Supreme Court agreed to review the various Circuit Court rulings on SREs to determine the proper venue. 
 The One-Pound Waiver, which was extended in May 2019 to allow E15 to be sold year-round to all vehicles model year 2001 and newer, was challenged in an action filed in Federal District Court for the D.C. Circuit. On July 2, 2021, the Circuit Court vacated the EPA s rule so the future of summertime, defined as June 1 to September 15, sales of E15 is uncertain. The Supreme Court subsequently declined to hear a challenge to this ruling. In 2022, the EPA issued emergency waivers to allow for the continued sale of E15 during the summer months and similar summertime waivers have been issued each year since then, with the 2024 driving season marking the sixth consecutive year that E15 is able to be sold 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 year-round nationwide, with the exception of California which has not approved the fuel. The EPA has also allowed for the elimination of the One-Pound Waiver for E10 in several Midwestern states beginning with the 2025 summer driving season, which would have the practical effect of allowing for E15 to be sold year- round in the following states: Illinois, Iowa, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, Ohio, South Dakota and Wisconsin. 
 In October 2019, the White House directed the USDA and EPA to move forward with rulemaking to expand access to higher blends of biofuels. This includes funding for infrastructure, labeling changes and allowing E15 to be sold through E10 infrastructure. The USDA rolled out the Higher Blend Infrastructure Incentive Program in the summer of 2020, providing competitive grants to fuel terminals and retailers for installing equipment capable of dispensing higher blends of ethanol and biodiesel. In December 2021, the USDA announced it would administer another infrastructure grant program. The IRA, signed into law in 2022, provided for an additional 500 million in USDA grants for biofuel infrastructure. On June 26, 2023, the USDA announced the initial 50 million in awards, and laid out a process for distributing the remaining 450 million, with 90 million being made available each quarter. 
 A string of recent U.S. Supreme Court decisions, namely Loper Bright Enterprises v. Raimondo, SEC v. Jarkesy and Corner Post, Inc. v. Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve, have the potential to redefine the power of federal agencies, as well as overturn the important principle of administrative law called "Chevron deference," based on a landmark case, Chevron U.S.A., Inc. v. Natural Resources Defense Council, Inc. The Chevron deference was a doctrine of judicial deference to administrative interpretations. The general shift in power from agencies to the judicial system resulting from these decisions could impact various regulatory rules affecting our business in ways that could affect our business, prospects and operations, and our financial performance positively or negatively. 
 Environmental and Other Regulation 
 Our operations are subject to environmental regulations, including those that govern the handling and release of ethanol, crude oil and other liquid hydrocarbon materials. Compliance with existing and anticipated environmental laws and regulations may increase our overall cost of doing business, including capital costs to construct, maintain, operate, and upgrade equipment and facilities. Our business may also be impacted by government policies, such as tariffs, duties, subsidies, import and export restrictions and outright embargos. 
 
 Comparability 
 There are various events that could affect comparability of our operating results, including fluctuations in our production rates in 2024 compared to 2023, along with the disposition of our terminal in Birmingham, Alabama, on September 30, 2024, the disposition of our Atkinson, Nebraska ethanol plant in September 2023 and losses associated with an extended shut down in spring of 2023 at a facility. 
 Segment Results 
 We report the financial and operating performance for the following two operating segments: (1) ethanol production, which includes the production, storage, and transportation of ethanol, distillers grains, Ultra-High Protein and renewable corn oil and (2) agribusiness and energy services, which includes grain handling and storage, commodity marketing and merchant trading for company-produced and third-party ethanol, distillers grains, renewable corn oil, natural gas and other commodities. 
 As a result of the Merger, the partnership's operations are included in the ethanol production operating segment. The following changes were made to the company's operating segments: 
 The revenue and operating results from fuel storage and transportation services previously disclosed within the partnership segment are now included within the ethanol production segment. 
 Intersegment activities between the partnership and Green Plains Trade associated with ethanol storage and transportation services previously treated like third-party transactions and eliminated on a consolidated level are now eliminated within the ethanol production segment. 
 Intersegment activities between the partnership and Green Plains Trade associated with terminal services transacted with the agribusiness and energy services segment will continue to be eliminated on a consolidated level. 
 Corporate activities include gain on sale of assets and selling, general and administrative expenses, consisting primarily of compensation, professional fees and overhead costs not directly related to a specific operating segment. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 During the normal course of business, our operating segments do business with each other. For example, our agribusiness and energy services segment procures grain and natural gas and sells products, including ethanol, distillers grains, Ultra-High Protein, and renewable corn oil of our ethanol production segment. These intersegment activities are treated like third-party transactions with origination, marketing and storage fees charged at estimated market values. Consequently, these transactions affect segment performance; however, they do not impact our consolidated results since the revenues and corresponding costs are eliminated. 
 When we evaluate segment performance, we review the following segment information as well as earnings before interest expense, income taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, and adjusted EBITDA. 
 The selected operating segment financial information is as follows (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance 2024 2023 2024 2023 Revenues Ethanol production Revenues from external customers 563,564 774,321 (27.2) 1,592,274 2,198,736 (27.6) Intersegment revenues 1,075 1,208 (11.0) 3,467 3,446 0.6 Total segment revenues 564,639 775,529 (27.2) 1,595,741 2,202,182 (27.5) Agribusiness and energy services Revenues from external customers 95,171 118,449 (19.7) 282,500 384,615 (26.5) Intersegment revenues 6,689 6,632 0.9 19,305 18,675 3.4 Total segment revenues 101,860 125,081 (18.6) 301,805 403,290 (25.2) Revenues including intersegment activity 666,499 900,610 (26.0) 1,897,546 2,605,472 (27.2) Intersegment eliminations (7,764) (7,840) (1.0) (22,772) (22,121) 2.9 658,735 892,770 (26.2) 1,874,774 2,583,351 (27.4) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance 2024 2023 2024 2023 Cost of goods sold Ethanol production (1) 
 498,326 716,556 (30.5) 1,501,681 2,142,567 (29.9) Agribusiness and energy services 90,064 109,292 (17.6) 271,566 371,981 (27.0) Intersegment eliminations (7,764) (7,840) (1.0) (22,772) (22,121) 2.9 580,626 818,008 (29.0) 1,750,475 2,492,427 (29.8) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance 2024 2023 2024 2023 Gross margin Ethanol production (1) (3) 
 66,313 58,973 12.4 94,060 59,615 57.8 Agribusiness and energy services 11,796 15,789 (25.3) 30,239 31,309 (3.4) 78,109 74,762 4.5 124,299 90,924 36.7 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance 2024 2023 2024 2023 Depreciation and amortization Ethanol production 21,444 22,596 (5.1) 62,522 69,603 (10.2) Agribusiness and energy services 505 534 (5.4) 1,507 1,883 (20.0) Corporate activities (2) 
 4,121 769 5,112 2,425 110.8 26,070 23,899 9.1 69,141 73,911 (6.5) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance 2024 2023 2024 2023 Operating income (loss) Ethanol production (3) 
 35,240 23,931 47.3 (626) (43,158) (98.5) Agribusiness and energy services 7,830 11,313 (30.8) 16,000 17,612 (9.2) Corporate activities (4) 
 12,982 (14,070) (192.3) (21,922) (52,300) (58.1) 56,052 21,174 164.7 (6,548) (77,846) (91.6) 
 (1) Costs historically reported as operations and maintenance expenses in the consolidated statements of operations are now being reported within cost of goods sold, resulting in increased cost of goods sold and decreased gross margin within the ethanol production segment. 
 (2) Depreciation and amortization for corporate activities includes impairment of a research and development technology intangible asset of 3.5 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Ethanol production includes an inventory lower of average cost or net realizable value adjustment of 10.1 million and 1.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (4) Corporate activities includes a 30.7 million and 5.7 million pretax gain on sale of assets for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Percentage variances not considered meaningful. 
 We use EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and segment EBITDA as measures of profitability to compare the financial performance of our reportable segments and manage those segments. EBITDA is defined as earnings before interest expense, income taxes, including related income taxes of equity method investments, depreciation and amortization excluding the amortization of right-of-use assets and debt issuance costs. Adjusted EBITDA includes adjustments related to other income associated with the USDA COVID-19 relief grant, gain on asset dispositions, and our proportional share of EBITDA adjustments of our equity method investees. We believe EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA and segment EBITDA are useful measures to compare our performance against other companies. These measures should not be considered an alternative to, or more meaningful than, net income, which is prepared in accordance with GAAP. EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and segment EBITDA calculations may vary from company to company. Accordingly, our computation of EBITDA, adjusted EBITDA, and segment EBITDA may not be comparable with a similarly titled measure of other companies. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 The following table reconciles net income (loss) including noncontrolling interest to adjusted EBITDA (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income (loss) 48,637 26,292 85.0 (26,523) (88,277) (70.0) Interest expense 10,089 9,550 5.6 25,369 29,029 (12.6) Income tax benefit, net of equity method income taxes (1,478) (7,763) (81.0) (1,422) (5,353) (73.4) Depreciation and amortization (1) 
 26,070 23,899 9.1 69,141 73,911 (6.5) EBITDA 83,318 51,978 60.3 66,565 9,310 Other income (2) 
 (3,440) (3,440) Gain on sale of assets (30,723) (5,651) (30,723) (5,651) Proportional share of EBITDA adjustments to equity method investees 723 45 1,039 135 Adjusted EBITDA 53,318 42,932 24.2 36,881 354 
 (1) Excludes amortization of operating lease right-of-use assets and amortization of debt issuance costs. 
 (2) Other income includes a grant received from the USDA related to the Biofuel Producer Program of 3.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The following table reconciles segment EBITDA to consolidated adjusted EBITDA (in thousands): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Variance Nine Months Ended September 30, Variance 2024 2023 2024 2023 Adjusted EBITDA Ethanol production (1) 
 56,144 50,983 10.1 60,475 32,038 88.8 Agribusiness and energy services 8,754 12,160 (28.0) 18,855 20,258 (6.9) Corporate activities 18,420 (11,165) (12,765) (42,986) (70.3) EBITDA 83,318 51,978 60.3 66,565 9,310 Other income (2) 
 (3,440) (3,440) Gain on sale of assets (30,723) (5,651) (30,723) (5,651) Proportional share of EBITDA adjustments to equity method investees 723 45 1,039 135 53,318 42,932 24.2 36,881 354 
 
 (1) Ethanol production includes an inventory lower of average cost or net realizable value adjustment of 10.1 million and 1.7 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Other income includes a grant received from the USDA related to the Biofuel Producer Program of 3.4 million for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Percentage variances not considered meaningful. 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Consolidated Results 
 Consolidated revenues decreased 234.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 primarily due to lower weighted average selling prices on ethanol, distillers grains and renewable corn oil, as well as lower volumes sold on ethanol and distillers grains within our ethanol production segment as described below. Revenues were also lower within our agribusiness and energy services segment primarily due to lower weighted average ethanol trading prices. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 Net income increased 22.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period last year primarily due to a gain on the sale of assets from the Birmingham Transaction and higher margins in our ethanol production segment. Adjusted EBITDA increased 10.4 million primarily due to higher margins in our ethanol production segment. Interest expense was 10.1 million for three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 9.6 million for the same period in 2023 due to higher loan fees in connection with the repayment of the Green Plains Partners term loan. Income tax benefit, including income tax benefit from equity method investees, was 1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with income tax benefit of 7.8 million for the same period in 2023 primarily due to a decrease in the valuation allowance recorded against certain deferred tax assets for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The following discussion provides greater detail about our third quarter segment performance. 
 Ethanol Production Segment 
 Key operating data for our ethanol production segment is as follows: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Ethanol (thousands of gallons) 220,299 223,469 (1.4) Distillers grains (thousands of equivalent dried tons) 489 514 (4.9) Ultra-High Protein (thousands of tons) 69 61 13.1 Renewable corn oil (thousands of pounds) 77,074 74,227 3.8 Corn consumed (thousands of bushels) 75,140 76,544 (1.8) 
 Revenues in our ethanol production segment decreased 210.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023, primarily due to lower weighted average selling prices on ethanol, distillers grains and renewable corn oil resulting in decreased revenues of 174.5 million, 27.6 million and 15.9 million, respectively, in addition to lower ethanol and distillers grain volumes sold resulting in decreased revenues of 8.6 million and 3.1 million, respectively. Revenues also increased as a result of hedging activities by 16.2 million. 
 Cost of goods sold in our ethanol production segment decreased 218.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period last year primarily due to lower weighted average corn prices, ethanol volumes purchased and input costs related to natural gas of 123.3 million, 69.6 million and 23.9 million, respectively. Costs also decreased as a result of hedging activities of 9.1 million. 
 Operating income in our ethanol production segment increased 11.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 primarily due to increased margins as outlined above. Depreciation and amortization expense for the ethanol production segment was 21.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 22.6 million for the same period last year. 
 Agribusiness and Energy Services Segment 
 Revenues in our agribusiness and energy services segment decreased 23.2 million while operating income decreased 3.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023. The decrease in revenues was primarily due to lower weighted average ethanol trading prices. 
 Intersegment Eliminations 
 Intersegment eliminations of revenues were consistent for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023. 
 Corporate Activities 
 Operating income related to corporate activities for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily impacted by an increase in gain on sale of assets and a decrease in personnel costs compared to the same period in 2023. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Compared with the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 
 Consolidated Results 
 Consolidated revenues decreased 708.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 primarily due to lower weighted average selling prices on ethanol, distillers grains and renewable corn oil, partially offset by higher volumes sold on ethanol and renewable corn oil within our ethanol production segment as described below. Revenues were also lower within our agribusiness and energy services segment primarily due to lower weighted average ethanol and natural gas trading prices. 
 Net loss decreased 61.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period last year primarily due to higher margins in our ethanol production segment, a gain on the sale of assets from the Birmingham Transaction and decreased depreciation expense. Adjusted EBITDA increased 36.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period last year primarily due to higher margins in our ethanol production segment. Interest expense decreased 3.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 primarily due to lower working capital revolver balances. Income tax benefit, including income tax benefit from equity method investees, was 1.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with income tax benefit of 5.4 million for the same period in 2023 primarily due to a decrease in the valuation allowance recorded against certain deferred tax assets for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 The following discussion provides greater detail about our year-to-date segment performance. 
 Ethanol Production Segment 
 Key operating data for our ethanol production segment is as follows: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 Variance Ethanol (thousands of gallons) 636,686 625,102 1.9 Distillers grains (thousands of equivalent dried tons) 1,421 1,454 (2.3) Ultra-High Protein (thousands of tons) 194 157 23.6 Renewable corn oil (thousands of pounds) 217,425 206,927 5.1 Corn consumed (thousands of bushels) 218,233 215,115 1.4 
 Revenues in our ethanol production segment decreased 606.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023, primarily due to lower weighted average selling prices on ethanol, distillers grains, and renewable corn oil resulting in decreased revenues of 532.3 million, 97.1 million, and 35.2 million, respectively, partially offset by higher ethanol and renewable corn oil volumes sold resulting in increased revenues of 30.8 million and 6.7 million, respectively. Revenues also increased as a result of hedging activities by 19.2 million. 
 Cost of goods sold in our ethanol production segment decreased 640.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period last year primarily due to lower weighted average corn prices, ethanol volumes purchased and lower input costs related to natural gas resulting in decreased costs of 467.4 million, 145.1 million and 78.0 million, respectively, partially offset by higher corn volumes processed resulting in increased corn costs of 20.6 million. 
 Operating loss decreased 42.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 primarily due to increased margins as outlined above. Depreciation and amortization expense for the ethanol production segment was 62.5 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 69.6 million for the same period last year, with the decrease primarily due to certain assets becoming fully depreciated. 
 Agribusiness and Energy Services Segment 
 Revenues in our agribusiness and energy services segment decreased 101.5 million while operating income decreased 1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023. The decrease in 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 revenues was primarily due to lower weighted average ethanol and natural gas trading prices. 
 Intersegment Eliminations 
 Intersegment eliminations of revenues increased by 0.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with the same period in 2023 primarily due to increased corn origination fees paid to the agribusiness and energy services segment as a result of higher corn volumes processed. 
 Corporate Activities 
 Operating loss related to corporate activities for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was primarily impacted by an increase in gain on sale of assets and a decrease in personnel costs compared to the same period in 2023. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our principal sources of liquidity include cash generated from operating activities and bank credit facilities. We fund our operating expenses and service debt primarily with operating cash flows. Capital resources for maintenance and growth expenditures are funded by a variety of sources, including cash generated from operating activities or from debt and equity capital markets. Our ability to access capital markets for debt under reasonable terms depends on our financial condition, credit ratings and market conditions. We believe that our ability to obtain financing at reasonable rates based on these factors remains sufficient and provides a solid foundation to meet our future liquidity and capital resource requirements. 
 On September 30, 2024, we had 227.5 million in cash and cash equivalents and 24.5 million in restricted cash. We also had 228.5 million available under our committed revolving credit agreement, subject to restrictions or other lending conditions. Funds at certain subsidiaries are generally required for their ongoing operational needs and restricted from distribution. At September 30, 2024, our subsidiaries had approximately 92.0 million of net assets that were not available to use in the form of dividends, loans or advances due to restrictions contained in their credit facilities. 
 Net cash used in operating activities was 3.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with net cash used in operating activities of 55.4 million for the same period in 2023. Net cash used in operating activities compared to the prior year was primarily affected by a lower net loss as well as a decrease in cash used for inventory when compared to the same period of the prior year. Net cash used in investing activities was 34.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with net cash used in investing activities of 69.1 million for the same period in 2023. Investing activities compared to the prior year were primarily affected by proceeds from the Birmingham Transaction in addition to a decrease in capital expenditures. Net cash used in financing activities was 89.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared with net cash used by financing activities of 9.7 million for the same period in 2023, primarily due to the retirement of debt related to the partnership along with the extinguishment of non-controlling interest when compared to the same period in 2023. 
 Additionally, Green Plains Finance Company, Green Plains Trade, Green Plains Grain and Green Plains Commodity Management use revolving credit facilities to finance working capital requirements. We frequently draw from and repay these facilities, which results in significant cash movements reflected on a gross basis within financing activities as proceeds from and payments on short-term borrowings. 
 We incurred net capital expenditures of approximately 67.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily for the clean sugar expansion project at Shenandoah and for various other capital projects. Capital spending for the remainder of 2024 is expected to be between 20.0 million and 30.0 million, which is subject to review prior to the initiation of any project. This excludes an estimated 110 million of additional expenditures related to our carbon capture and sequestration projects expected to occur in 2024 and 2025 and to be funded through project related financing. The 2024 estimate includes expenditures for various capital projects, which are expected to be financed with cash on hand and with cash provided by operating activities. 
 Our business is highly sensitive to the price of commodities, particularly for corn, ethanol, distillers grains (including Ultra-High Protein), renewable corn oil and natural gas. We use derivative financial instruments to reduce the market risk associated with fluctuations in commodity prices. Sudden changes in commodity prices may require cash deposits with brokers for margin calls or significant liquidity with little advanced notice to meet margin calls, depending on our open derivative positions. We continuously monitor our exposure to margin calls and believe we will continue to maintain adequate liquidity to cover margin calls from our operating results and borrowings. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 In August 2014 and October 2019, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 200.0 million of our common stock. Under the program, we may repurchase shares in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, accelerated share buyback programs, tender offers or by other means. The timing and amount of repurchase transactions are determined by our management based on market conditions, share price, legal requirements and other factors. The program may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time without prior notice. Since the inception of the repurchase program, we have repurchased 7.4 million shares of common stock for approximately 92.8 million under the program. We did not repurchase any shares of common stock during the third quarter of 2024. 
 We believe we have sufficient working capital for our existing operations. A continued sustained period of unprofitable operations, however, may strain our liquidity. We may sell additional assets or equity or borrow capital to improve or preserve our liquidity, expand our business or acquire businesses. 
 
 Debt 
 We were in compliance with our debt covenants at September 30, 2024. Based on our forecasts, we anticipate we will maintain compliance at each of our subsidiaries for the next twelve months or have sufficient liquidity available on a consolidated basis to resolve noncompliance. We cannot provide assurance that actual results will approximate our forecasts or that we will inject the necessary capital into a subsidiary to maintain compliance with its respective covenants. In the event a subsidiary is unable to comply with its debt covenants, the subsidiary s lenders may determine that an event of default has occurred, and following notice, the lenders may terminate the commitment and declare the unpaid balance due and payable. 
 Corporate Activities 
 In March 2021, we issued 230.0 million of unsecured 2.25 convertible senior notes due in 2027, or the 2.25 notes. The 2.25 notes bear interest at a rate of 2.25 per year, payable on March 15 and September 15 of each year. The initial conversion rate is 31.6206 shares of our common stock per 1,000 principal amount of 2.25 notes (equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately 31.62 per share of our common stock), representing an approximately 37.5 premium over the offering price of our common stock. The conversion rate is subject to adjustment upon the occurrence of certain events, including but not limited to; the event of a stock dividend or stock split; the issuance of additional rights, options and warrants; spinoffs; or a tender or exchange offering. In addition, we may be obligated to increase the conversion rate for any conversion that occurs in connection with certain corporate events, including our calling the 2.25 notes for redemption. We may settle the 2.25 notes in cash, common stock or a combination of cash and common stock. At September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal balance on the 2.25 notes was 230.0 million. 
 Ethanol Production Segment 
 On February 9, 2021, Green Plains SPE LLC, a wholly-owned special purpose subsidiary and parent of Green Plains Obion and Green Plains Mount Vernon issued 125.0 million of junior secured mezzanine notes due February 2026 with BlackRock. These notes accrue interest at an annual rate of 11.75 and will mature on February 9, 2026. 
 Green Plains Shenandoah, a wholly-owned subsidiary, has a 75.0 million secured loan agreement, which matures on September 1, 2035. During the second quarter of 2024, the agreement was modified to remove the Wood River facility from the assets considered to be secured under the loan agreement and Green Plains Wood River was removed as a counterparty to the loan agreement. At September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal balance was 72.0 million on the loan and the interest rate was 5.52 . 
 Green Plains Partners, through a wholly owned subsidiary, had a secured term loan to fund working capital, capital expenditures and other general partnership purposes. Interest on the term loan was based on 3-month SOFR plus 8.26 . At September 30, 2024, the interest rate on the term loan was 13.21 . On September 30, 2024, the proceeds from the Birmingham Transaction were used to repay the outstanding principal and interest of the loan in full. Prepayments totalin g 53.0 million and 56.0 million were made during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and 1.5 million and 3.0 million during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 We also have small equipment financing loans, finance leases on equipment or facilities, and other forms of debt financing. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 Agribusiness and Energy Services Segment 
 Green Plains Finance Company, Green Plains Grain and Green Plains Trade have total senior secured revolving commitments of 350.0 million and an accordion feature whereby amounts available under the facility may be increased by up to 100.0 million of new lender commitments subject to certain conditions. The facility matures in March 2027. Each SOFR rate loan shall bear interest for each day at a rate per annum equal to the Term SOFR rate for the outstanding period plus a Term SOFR adjustment and an applicable margin of 2.25 to 2.50 , which is dependent on undrawn availability under the facility. Each base rate loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the base rate plus the applicable margin of 1.25 to 1.50 , which is dependent on undrawn availability under the facility. The unused portion of the facility is also subject to a commitment fee of 0.275 to 0.375 , dependent on undrawn availability. At September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal balance was 109.0 million on the facility and the interest rate was 8.11 . 
 Green Plains Commodity Management has an uncommitted 40.0 million secured revolving credit facility to finance margins related to its hedging programs. During the first quarter of 2023, this revolving credit facility was extended five years to mature on April 30, 2028. Advances are subject to variable interest rates equal to SOFR plus 1.75 . At September 30, 2024, the outstanding principal balance was 14.1 million on the facility and the interest rate was 6.59 . 
 Green Plains Grain has a short-term inventory financing agreement with a financial institution. The company has accounted for the agreement as short-term notes, rather than revenues, and has elected the fair value option to offset fluctuations in market prices of the inventory. This agreement is subject to negotiated variable interest rates. The company had no outstanding short-term notes payable related to the inventory financing agreement as of September 30, 2024. 
 Refer to Note 8 Debt in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for more information about our debt. 
 
 Effects of Inflation 
 We have experienced inflationary impacts on labor costs, wages, components, equipment, other inputs and services across our business and inflation and its impact could escalate in future quarters, many of which are beyond our control. Moreover, we have fixed price arrangements with our customers and are not able to pass those costs along in most instances. As such, inflationary pressures could have a material adverse effect on our performance and financial statements. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 In addition to debt, our material future obligations include certain lease agreements and contractual and purchase commitments related to commodities, storage and transportation, and construction. Aggregate minimum lease payments under the operating lease agreements for future fiscal years as of September 30, 2024 totaled 81.4 million. As of September 30, 2024, we had contracted future purchases of grain, distillers grains and natural gas valued at approximately 187.8 million, future commitments for storage and transportation valued at approximately 26.3 million, and accumulated commitments related to the construction of carbon capture and sequestration equipment at our three Nebraska plants of 7.2 million. Refer to Note 14 Commitments and Contingencies included in the notes to the consolidated financial statements included herein for more information. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Critical accounting policies, including those relating to derivative financial instruments and accounting for income taxes, are impacted significantly by judgments, assumptions and estimates used in the preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Information about our critical accounting policies and estimates are included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 We do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 We use various financial instruments to manage and reduce our exposure to various market risks, including changes in commodity prices and interest rates. We conduct the majority of our business in U.S. dollars and are not currently exposed to material foreign currency risk. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 Interest Rate Risk 
 We are exposed to interest rate risk through our loans which bear interest at variable rates. Interest rates on our variable-rate debt are based on the market rate for the lender s prime rate or SOFR. At September 30, 2024, we had 559.8 million in debt, 123.1 million of which had variable interest rates. A 10 increase in interest rates would affect our interest cost by approximately 1.2 million per year. 
 For additional information related to our debt, see Note 8 Debt included herein as part of the notes to the consolidated financial statements and Note 12 Debt included as part of the notes to the consolidated financial statements included in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Commodity Price Risk 
 Our business is highly sensitive to commodity price risk, particularly for ethanol, corn, distillers grains (including Ultra-High Protein), renewable corn oil and natural gas. Ethanol prices are sensitive to world crude oil supply and demand, the price of crude oil, gasoline, corn, the price of substitute fuels, refining capacity and utilization, government regulation and consumer demand for alternative fuels. Corn prices are affected by weather conditions, yield, changes in domestic and global supply and demand, and government programs and policies. Distillers grains and Ultra-High Protein prices are impacted by livestock numbers on feed, prices for feed alternatives and supply, which is associated with ethanol plant production. Renewable corn oil prices are impacted by prices for renewable diesel fuel, diesel fuel and competing feedstocks. Natural gas prices are influenced by severe weather in the summer and winter and hurricanes in the spring, summer and fall. Other factors include North American energy exploration and production, and the amount of natural gas in underground storage during injection and withdrawal seasons. 
 To reduce the risk associated with fluctuations in the price of ethanol, corn, distillers grains, Ultra-High Protein, renewable corn oil and natural gas, at times we use forward fixed-price physical contracts and derivative financial instruments, such as futures and options executed on the Chicago Board of Trade, the New York Mercantile Exchange and the Chicago Mercantile Exchange. We focus on locking in favorable operating margins, when available, using a model that continually monitors market prices for corn, natural gas and other inputs relative to the price for ethanol and distillers grains at each of our production facilities. We create offsetting positions using a combination of forward fixed-price purchases, sales contracts and derivative financial instruments. As a result, we frequently have gains on derivative financial instruments that are offset by losses on forward fixed-price physical contracts or inventories and vice versa. Our results are impacted by a mismatch of gains or losses associated with the derivative instrument during a reporting period when the physical commodity purchases or sale has not yet occurred. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, revenues included net gains of 16.1 million, while cost of goods sold included net losses of 4.2 million, and during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, revenues included net gains of 14.2 million, and cost of goods sold included net losses of 9.9 million, associated with derivative financial instruments. 
 Ethanol Production Segment 
 In the ethanol production segment, net gains and losses from settled derivative instruments are offset by physical commodity purchases or sales to achieve the intended operating margins. To reduce commodity price risk caused by market fluctuations, we enter into exchange-traded futures and options contracts that serve as economic hedges. 
 Our exposure to market risk, which includes the impact of our risk management activities resulting from our fixed-price purchase and sale contracts and derivatives, is based on the estimated net income effect resulting from a hypothetical 10 change in price for the next 12 months starting on September 30, 2024, which is as follows (in thousands): 
 Commodity Estimated Total Volume 
 Requirements for the 
 Next 12 Months (1) 
 Unit of Measure Net Income Effect of Approximate 10 Change in Price Ethanol 903,000 Gallons 98,304 Corn 310,000 Bushels 99,487 Distillers grains (2) 
 2,200 Tons (3) 
 22,347 Renewable corn oil 300,000 Pounds 8,893 Natural gas 26,400 MmBTU 4,630 
 (1) Estimated volumes assume production at full capacity. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 (2) Includes Ultra-High Protein. 
 (3) Distillers grains quantities are stated on an equivalent dried ton basis. 
 Agribusiness and Energy Services Segment 
 In the agribusiness and energy services segment, our physical purchase and sale contracts and derivatives are marked to market. Our inventories are carried at the lower of average cost or net realizable value, except fair-value hedged inventories. To reduce commodity price risk caused by market fluctuations for purchase and sale commitments of grain and grain held in inventory, we enter into exchange-traded futures and options contracts that serve as economic hedges. 
 The market value of exchange-traded futures and options used for hedging are highly correlated with the underlying market value of grain inventories and related purchase and sale contracts for grain. The less correlated portion of inventory and purchase and sale contract market values, known as basis, is much less volatile than the overall market value of exchange-traded futures and tends to follow historical patterns. We manage this less volatile risk by constantly monitoring our position relative to the price changes in the market. Inventory values are affected by the month-to-month spread in the futures markets. These spreads are also less volatile than the overall market value of our inventory and tend to follow historical patterns, but cannot be mitigated directly. Our accounting policy for futures and options, as well as the underlying inventory held for sale and purchase and sale contracts, is to reflect their current market values and include gains and losses in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures designed to ensure the information that must be disclosed in the reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required financial disclosure. In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. Management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. 
 Under the supervision and participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, management carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of September 30, 2024 as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act and concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of our consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. There were no material changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period covered by this report that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 PART II OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings. 
 We are currently involved in litigation that has arisen during the ordinary course of business. We do not believe this litigation will have a material adverse effect on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 Investors should carefully consider the discussion of risks and the other information in our annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, and the discussion of risks and other information in Part I, Item 2, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, under Cautionary Information Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, of this report. Investors should also carefully consider the discussion of risks with the partnership under the heading Risk Factors and other information in their annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. Although we have attempted to discuss key factors, our investors need to be aware that other risks may prove to be important in the future. New risks may emerge at any time, and we cannot predict such risks or estimate the extent to which they may affect our financial performance. 
 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds. 
 The company withholds shares when restricted stock grants are vested to satisfy statutory minimum required payroll tax withholding obligations. The following table lists the shares that were withheld during the third quarter of 2024: 
 
 Period Total Number of Shares Withheld Average Price Paid per Share July 1 - 31 August 1 - 31 866 15.13 September 1 - 30 239 12.88 Total 1,105 14.64 
 In August 2014 and October 2019, our board of directors authorized a share repurchase program of up to 200 million of our common stock. Under this program, we may repurchase shares in open market transactions, privately negotiated transactions, accelerated buyback programs, tender offers or by other means. The timing and amount of the transactions are determined by management based on its evaluation of market conditions, share price, legal requirements and other factors. The program may be suspended, modified or discontinued at any time, without prior notice. Since inception of the repurchase program, the company has repurchased approximately 7.4 million shares of common stock for approximately 92.8 million under the program. We did not repurchase any shares during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities. 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information. 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the company , modified or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 Item 6. Exhibits. 
 Exhibit Index 
 Exhibit No. Description of Exhibit 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101 The following information from Green Plains Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, formatted in Inline Extensible Business Reporting Language (iXBRL): (i) Consolidated Balance Sheets, (ii) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (iii) Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income, (iv) Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows, and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 104 The cover page from Green Plains Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, formatted in iXBRL. 
 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned hereunto duly authorized. 
 GREEN PLAINS INC. (Registrant) Date: October 31, 2024 
 By: /s/ Todd A. Becker Todd A. Becker President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) Date: October 31, 2024 
 By: /s/ James E. Stark James E. Stark Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 
 54 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 exhibit311-q32024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Todd A. Becker, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Green Plains Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s Todd A. Becker Todd A. Becker President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 exhibit312-q32024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, James E. Stark, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Green Plains Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a 15(e) and 15d 15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s James E. Stark James E. Stark Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 exhibit321-q32024.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Green Plains Inc. (the company on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Todd A. Becker, President and Chief Executive Officer of the company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the company. 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s Todd A. Becker Todd A. Becker President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 exhibit322-q32024.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report of Green Plains Inc. (the company on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2024, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, James E. Stark, Chief Financial Officer of the company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge 
 1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Sections 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the company. 
 Date October 31, 2024 
 s James E. Stark James E. Stark Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 gpre-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 gpre-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 gpre-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 gpre-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 gpre-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

