<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241114_10-Q_edgar_data_1722010_0001628280-24-047832.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16459273</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>156284</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1833615</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8518034</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2814954</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2661485</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-24-047832.hdr.sgml : 20241114
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241114143511
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-24-047832
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		99
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241114
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241114

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			OP Bancorp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001722010
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				813114676
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38437
		FILM NUMBER:		241460490

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 WILSHIRE BLVD., SUITE 500
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90017
		BUSINESS PHONE:		213-892-1192

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1000 WILSHIRE BLVD., SUITE 500
		CITY:			LOS ANGELES
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			90017

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-24-047832.txt : 20241114

10-Q
 1
 opbk-20240930.htm
 10-Q

opbk-20240930 

two 1531 
 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) ., , 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 
 
 Global Market 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 The number of shares outstanding of the Registrant s Common Stock as of November 4, 2024 was . 

Table of Contents 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 1 
 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION Item 1. Financial Statements (unaudited) 
 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 3 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 4 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 8 
 Notes to Unaudited Consolidated Financial Statements 
 10 
 Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 64 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 65 
 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 67 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 67 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 69 
 Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 69 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 69 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 69 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 70 
 SIGNATURES 
 71 

Introduction 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q is filed by OP Bancorp, a California corporation and a registered bank holding company Company with respect to its consolidated financial condition, results of operations, and business as of September 30, 2024. The Company s primary business operations are conducted through its wholly owned subsidiary, Open Bank, a California chartered commercial bank Bank ), and unless the context requires otherwise, statements about the Company generally are intended to describe the consolidated operations of the Company and the Bank. 
 Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 
 Certain matters set forth herein constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Rule 3b-6 promulgated thereunder. All statements that are not statements of historical fact are forward-looking, and readers should not construe these statements of assurances of expected or intended results, or of promises that management will take a given course of action or pursue the currently expected strategies and objectives. Forward-looking statements in this report include comments about the Company s current business plans and expectations regarding future operating results, as well as management s statements about expected future events and economic developments, plans, strategies and objectives. All such statements reflect the current intentions, beliefs and expectations of the Company s executive management based on currently available information and current and expected market conditions. Forward-looking statements can sometimes be identified by the use of forward-looking language, such as likely result in, expects, anticipates, estimates, forecasts, projects, intends to, or may include other similar words or phrases, such as believes, plans, trend, objective, continues, remains, or similar expressions, or future or conditional verbs, such as will, would, should, could, may, might, can, or similar verbs. 
 
 Our forward-looking statements are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results, performance or achievements to differ materially from those projected or could cause us to change plans or strategies or otherwise to take actions that differ from those we currently expect. These risks and uncertainties, some of which are beyond management's control, include, but are not limited to: 
 
 our ability to anticipate and respond to technological changes and challenges, including our ability to identify and timely and effectively respond to cyber-security risks, including those posed by the increasing use of artificial intelligence, such as data security breaches, "denial of service" attacks, "hacking" and identify theft affecting us, our clients or our third party vendors or service providers, which risks continue to grow more serious with the rise of artificial intelligence and increasingly sophisticated attacks on infrastructure, information, and software; 
 factors that affect our ability to meet our liquidity needs, particularly our obligations to fund deposit withdrawals and undrawn lines of credit including such conditions as fluctuations in the fair value and liquidity of the securities and loans we hold for sale and our ability to raise additional capital, if necessary, on acceptable or economically efficient terms, or at all; 
 government, quasi-governmental and extra-governmental actions in response to actual or expected economic, political or social events, such as disease outbreaks, domestic or international terrorism, or war or other hostilities, as such government actions restrict our ability to conduct business or that have the effect of reducing our customers ability to maintain compliance with their borrowing obligations or that affect their need for deposit liquidity or increased borrowing capacity; 
 public confidence in the Bank and the banking system generally, and current volatility and market uncertainties on the banking system generally and our Bank in particular; 
 inflationary pressures and interest rate fluctuations, which could have an adverse effect on our profitability, reduce our margins and yields, the fair value of financial instruments or our level of loan originations, or increase the level of defaults, losses and prepayments on loans to clients, whether held in the portfolio or in the secondary market; 
 external economic and/or market factors, such as changes in monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Reserve, inflation or deflation, changes in the demand for loans, and fluctuations in consumer spending, borrowing and savings habits, which may have an adverse impact on our financial condition; 
 1 

business and economic conditions, particularly those affecting our primary market areas and customer concentrations; 
 management's ability to assess and accurately estimate the risk of losses in our credit portfolio and to establish and maintain adequate reserves to offset those risks; 
 economic, market and political factors that affect our borrowers ability to repay and timely to perform their obligations under their borrowing obligations; 
 continued or increasing competition from other financial institutions, credit unions, and non-bank financial services companies, many of which are subject to different regulations than we are; 
 liquidity, earnings and other factors that impact the Bank s ability to continue paying dividends to the Company, which would restrict the Company's ability to meet its operating capital needs; 
 increased capital requirements imposed by banking regulators, which may require us to raise capital at a time when capital is not available on favorable terms or at all, or may limit our ability to invest in growing our business; 
 the effectiveness and operation of the internal controls we maintain to address the risks inherent to the business of banking, including but not limited to our ability to detect promptly any physical security breach, employee misfeasance or malfeasance, data security violation, disclosure controls and procedures, or internal control over financial reporting; 
 changes in our management personnel or our inability to retain, motivate and hire qualified management personnel; 
 disruptions, security breaches, or other adverse events affecting the third-party vendors who perform several of our critical processing functions; 
 the effects of natural disasters, such as earthquakes, drought, pandemic diseases (such as the coronavirus) or extreme weather events, any of which may affect services we use or affect our customers, employees or third parties with which we conduct business; and 
 our ability to manage and respond to changes in the foregoing. 
 
 The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should be read together with the other cautionary statements included in this report, including those identified in "Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors" of this report. A more thorough discussion of the risks and uncertainties confronting our business is set forth in the section of our Annual Report on Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors for the period ended December 31, 2023. Because of these risks and other uncertainties, our actual future results, performance or achievement, or industry results, may be materially different from the results indicated by the forward-looking statements in this report. In addition, our past results of operations are not necessarily indicative of our future results. You should read all forward-looking statements in the context of the foregoing and should not consider them to be reliable predictions of future events or as assurances of a particular level of performance or intended course of action. Any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update or review any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 
 
 2 

PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

Item 1. Financial Statements 
 
 OP BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 (unaudited) December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Available-for-sale debt securities, at fair value Other investments Loans held for sale Loans receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Premises and equipment, net Accrued interest receivable Servicing assets Company owned life insurance Deferred tax assets, net Other real estate owned Operating right-of-use assets Other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Liabilities Deposits: Noninterest-bearing Interest-bearing: Money market and others Time deposits greater than 250 
 Other time deposits Total deposits Federal Home Loan Bank advances Accrued interest payable Operating lease liabilities Other liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders equity Preferred stock par value; shares authorized; shares issued or outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 Common stock par value; shares authorized as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023; and shares issued and outstanding as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained earnings Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders equity Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 
 3 

OP BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands, except per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 INTEREST INCOME Interest and fees on loans Interest on available-for-sale debt securities Other interest income Total interest income Interest expense Interest on deposits Interest on borrowings Total interest expense Net interest income Provision for credit losses Net interest income after provision for credit losses NONINTEREST INCOME Service charges on deposits Loan servicing fees, net of amortization Gain on sale of loans Other income Total noninterest income NONINTEREST EXPENSE Salaries and employee benefits Occupancy and equipment Data processing and communication Professional fees FDIC insurance and regulatory assessments Promotion and advertising Directors fees Foundation donation and other contributions Other expenses Total noninterest expense INCOME BEFORE INCOME TAX EXPENSE Income tax expense NET INCOME EARNINGS PER SHARE - BASIC EARNINGS PER SHARE - DILUTED 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 
 
 4 

OP BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (unaudited) 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss) Change in unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale debt securities, net of tax effect 
 ) ) Change in unrealized loss on cash flow hedge, net ) ) Total other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Comprehensive income 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 
 
 5 

OP BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended Common Stock Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 
 Total 
 Shareholders 
 Equity 
 in thousands, except per share data) Shares 
 Outstanding 
 Amount Balance at July 1, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income 
 Stock issued under stock-based compensation plans, net of forfeiture 
 Stock-based compensation, net Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Balance at July 1, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Stock issued under stock-based compensation plans, net of forfeiture 
 ) Stock-based compensation, net Repurchase of common stock Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 6 

Nine Months Ended Common Stock Additional 
 Paid-in 
 Capital 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Loss 
 Total 
 Shareholders 
 Equity 
 in thousands, except per share data) Shares 
 Outstanding 
 Amount Balance at January 1, 2024 ) Net income Other comprehensive income 
 Stock issued under stock-based compensation plans, net of forfeiture 
 ) Stock-based compensation, net Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) Balance at January 1, 2023 ) Cumulative effect related to adoption of ASC 326, net of tax ) ) Adjusted balance at January 1, 2023 ) Net income Other comprehensive loss 
 ) ) Stock issued under stock-based compensation plans, net of forfeiture 
 ) Stock-based compensation, net Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Cash dividends declared per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 
 7 

OP BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (unaudited) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash and cash equivalents provided by operating activities: 
 Provision for credit losses Depreciation and amortization of premises and equipment Amortization of net premiums on securities Amortization of servicing assets Accretion of net discounts on loans ) ) Amortization of low income housing partnerships Stock-based compensation, net Deferred income taxes ) Gain on sale of loans ) ) Earnings on company owned life insurance ) ) Net change in fair value of equity investment with readily determinable fair value 
 ) Origination of loans held for sale ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Net change in: Accrued interest receivable ) ) Other assets ) Accrued interest payable Other liabilities ) ) Net cash from operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Net change in loans receivable ) ) Proceeds from matured, called, or paid-down securities available for sale 
 Purchase of loans ) ) Purchase of available-for-sale debt securities ) ) Purchase of equity investments ) ) Purchase of Federal Home Loan Bank stock ) ) Purchase of premises and equipment, net ) ) Investments in low-income housing partnerships ) ) Net cash from investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Net change in deposits ) Cash received from stock option exercises Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances Repayment of Federal Home Loan Bank advances ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Cash dividend paid on common stock ) ) Payments related to tax-withholding for vested restricted stock awards ) ) Net cash from financing activities 
 8 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid during the period for: Income taxes Interest Supplemental noncash disclosure: Initial recognition of right-of-use assets Transfer of loan to other real estate owned 
 See accompanying notes to unaudited consolidated financial statements 
 9 

OP BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 NOTES TO UNAUDITED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Note 1. 
 
 full-service branches located in California, Washington, Nevada and Texas, and loan production offices located in California, Georgia, Washington, Colorado, and Virginia. 
 The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto of the Company have been prepared by management in accordance with the rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC for Form 10-Q and conform to practices within the banking industry and include all of the information and disclosures required by accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP for interim financial reporting. The accompanying unaudited consolidated financial statements reflect all adjustments (consisting only of normal recurring adjustments), which are necessary for a fair presentation of the financial results for the interim periods presented, including eliminating intercompany transactions and balances. Certain items on the consolidated financial statements and notes for prior years have been reclassified to conform to the 2024 presentation. The results of operations for the interim periods are not necessarily indicative of the results for the full year. These interim unaudited financial statements should be read in conjunction with the consolidated financial statements and the notes thereto included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K ). Descriptions of our significant accounting policies are included in Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies in the Notes to consolidated financial statements in the 2023 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 10 

11 

Note 2 . 
 
 ) Residential collateralized mortgage obligations ) Municipal securities - tax exempt ) Total AFS debt securities ) 
 
 December 31, 2023 in thousands) Amortized 
 Cost 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Gain 
 Gross 
 Unrealized 
 Loss 
 Fair 
 Value 
 U.S. Government agencies or sponsored agency securities: Residential mortgage-backed securities ) Residential collateralized mortgage obligations ) Municipal securities - tax exempt ) Total AFS debt securities ) 
 
 There were sales of AFS debt securities during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 After five years through ten years After ten years Total AFS debt securities 
 Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were no holdings of securities of any one issuer, other than the U.S. Government and its agencies, in an amount greater than 10 of shareholders equity. 
 
 12 

) ) Residential collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) Municipal securities - tax exempt ) ) Total AFS debt securities ) ) 
 December 31, 2023 Less Than 12 Months 12 Months or Longer Total in thousands) Fair 
 Value 
 Unrealized 
 Loss 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Unrealized 
 Loss 
 Fair 
 Value 
 Unrealized 
 Loss 
 U.S. Government agencies or sponsored agency securities: Residential mortgage-backed securities ) ) ) Residential collateralized mortgage obligations ) ) ) Municipal securities - tax exempt ) ) Total AFS debt securities ) ) ) 
 
 Available-for-sale debt securities are measured at fair value and are subject to impairment testing. A security is impaired if the fair value of the security is less than its amortized cost basis. When an available-for-sale debt security is considered impaired, the Company must determine if the decline in fair value has resulted from a credit-related loss or other factors and then, (1) recognize an allowance for credit losses by a charge to earnings for the credit-related component of the decline in fair value, and (2) recognize in other comprehensive income (loss) any non-credit related components of the fair value decline. If the amount of the amortized cost basis expected to be recovered increases in a future period, the valuation reserve would be reduced, but not more than the amount of the current existing reserve for that security. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company's AFS debt securities consisted of securities, of which were in an unrealized loss position. 
 The unrealized losses from the decline in fair value is attributable to changes in interest rates, and not credit quality. The issuers of the AFS debt securities are of high credit quality. Approximately of the AFS debt securities are residential mortgage-backed securities and residential collateralized mortgage obligations that were issued by U.S. government-sponsored agencies, such as Ginnie Mae, Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac. The remaining of the AFS debt securities are tax-exempt municipal securities. 
 13 

pledged securities to secure public deposits, borrowing and letters of credit from the Federal Home Loan Bank System ("FHLB") and the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System, and for other purposes required or permitted by law. 
 
 Pacific Coast Bankers Bank ("PCBB") stock Mutual fund - Community Reinvestment Act ("CRA") qualified Time deposits placed in other banks Total other investments 
 The Company has equity investment in a mutual fund with readily determinable fair value of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, which is measured at fair value with changes in fair value recorded in net income. The Company invested in the mutual fund for CRA purposes. For the mutual fund, the Company recorded a thousand unrealized gain and a thousand unrealized loss for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and a thousand unrealized gain and a thousand unrealized loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The unrealized gains (losses) of the mutual fund are included in other income in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 Note 3. 
 
 SBA real estate SBA non-real estate C I Home mortgage Consumer Gross loans receivable Allowance for credit losses ) ) Loans receivable, net (1) 
 
 (1) Includes net deferred loan fees and net unamortized discounts of thousand as of September 30, 2024 and net deferred loan costs and net unamortized premiums of thousand as of December 31, 2023. 
 loans were outstanding to related parties as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 14 

days past due to be considered within a timely manner. The Company has elected to write off accrued interest receivable by reversing interest income. The Company uses transition matrices to develop the Probability of Default ("PD") and Loss Given Default ("LGD") approach, incorporating quantitative factors and qualitative considerations in the calculation of the allowance for credit losses for collectively assessed loans. The model provides forecasts of PD and LGD based on national unemployment rates using regression analysis. The Company incorporates future economic conditions using a weighted multiple scenario approach: baseline and adverse. The Company applies a reasonable and supportable period of for the baseline scenario and for the adverse scenario, after which loss assumptions revert to historical loss information through a reversion period for the baseline scenario and a reversion period for the adverse scenario. Additionally, the Company aggregated loan portfolio based on similar risk characteristics. The Company elected to use the Call Report codes and loan risk ratings for loan segmentation in allowance for credit losses. 
 
 In order to quantify the credit risk impact of other trends and changes within the loan portfolio, the Company utilizes qualitative adjustments to the modeled estimated loss approaches. Included in the qualitative portion of our analysis of the allowance for credit losses are key inputs including GDP, unemployment rates, interest rates, asset quality ratios, loan portfolio concentration, California house price index and commercial real estate price index. The parameters for making adjustments are established under a Credit Risk Matrix that provides different possible scenarios for each of the factors listed below. The Credit Risk Matrix and the possible scenarios enable the Bank to qualitatively adjust the loss rates. This matrix considers the following factors, which are patterned after the guidelines provided under the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Interagency Policy Statement on the Allowance for Credit Losses, updated to reflect the adoption of CECL: 
 
 Changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and practices for collection, charge-offs, and recoveries; 
 Actual and expected changes in national and local economic and business conditions and developments in which the institution operates that affect the collectivity of loans; 
 Changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio; 
 Changes in the experience, ability, and depth of lending management and staff; 
 Changes in the volume and severity of past due loans, the volume of nonaccrual loans, and the volume and severity of adversely classified loans; 
 Changes in the quality of the credit review function; 
 Changes in the value of the underlying collateral for loans that are not collateral-dependent; 
 The existence, growth, and effect of any concentrations of credit, and 
 The effect of other external factors, such as the regulatory, legal and technological environments; competition; and events such as natural disasters. 
 
 The Company segments loans primarily by Call Report codes (collateral type) and loan risk ratings, considering that the same type of loans share considerable similar risk characteristics. For loans that do not share similar risk characteristics such as nonaccrual loans above thousand, the Company evaluates these loans on an individual basis in accordance with ASC 326. Such nonaccrual loans are considered to have different risk profiles than performing loans and are therefore evaluated individually. The Company elected to collectively assess nonaccrual loans with balances below thousand along with the performing and accrual loans, in order to reduce the operational burden of individually assessing small nonaccrual loans with immaterial balances. For individually assessed loans, the allowance for credit losses is measured using either 1) the present value of future cash flows discounted at the loan s effective interest rate; or 2) the fair value of the collateral, if the loan is collateral-dependent. For the collateral-dependent loans, the Company obtains a new appraisal to determine the fair value of collateral. The appraisals are based on an as-is valuation. To ensure that appraised values remain current, the Company obtains updated appraisals every twelve months from a qualified 
 15 

Provision for (reversal of) credit losses ) ) Charge-offs ) ) Recoveries Ending balance Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Beginning balance Provision for (reversal of) credit losses ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance 
 
 in thousands) Commercial 
 Real Estate 
 SBA 
 Real Estate 
 SBA Non- 
 Real Estate 
 C I 
 Home 
 Mortgage 
 Consumer Total Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Beginning balance Provision for (reversal of) credit losses ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Beginning balance Impact of CECL adoption ) ) ) ) Provision for (reversal of) credit losses ) ) ) Charge-offs ) ) ) ) Recoveries Ending balance 
 
 Collateral-dependent loans are loans where repayment is expected to be provided solely by the sale of the underlying collateral and there are no other available and reliable sources of repayment. The estimated credit losses for these loans are based on the collateral s fair value less selling costs. In most cases, the Company records a partial charge-off to reduce the loan s carrying value to the collateral s fair value less selling costs at the time of foreclosure. 
 16 

million and million, respectively, of collateral-dependent loans which are primarily secured by SBA real estate and residential real estate. The allowance for credit losses allocated to these loans as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 was thousand and thousand, respectively. 
 
 Total As of December 31, 2023 SBA real estate Home mortgage Total 
 (1) Excludes guaranteed portion of SBA loans of million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 SBA non-real estate C I Total As of December 31, 2023 SBA real estate SBA non-real estate Home mortgage Total 
 (1) Excludes guaranteed portion of SBA loans of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Nonaccrual loans and loans past due 90 or more days and still accruing interest include both homogeneous loans that are collectively and individually evaluated for impairment and individually classified impaired loans. 
 17 

SBA real estate SBA non-real estate C I Home mortgage Consumer Total As of December 31, 2023 Commercial real estate SBA real estate SBA non-real estate C I Home mortgage Consumer Total 
 (1) Excludes guaranteed portion of SBA loans of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Excludes accrued interest receivables of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

No charge-offs of previously modified loans were recorded for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 18 

Total Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Modification Type Percentage to Each Loan Segment in thousands) Rate Reduction and Term Extension Interest Only Total C I Total 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Modification Type Percentage to Each Loan Segment in thousands) Payment Delay Interest Only Term Extension Total SBA real estate SBA non-real estate Total 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Modification Type Percentage to Each Loan Segment in thousands) Rate Reduction and Term Extension Interest Only Total SBA real estate C I Total 
 
 The Company tracks the performance of modified loans. A modified loan may become delinquent and may result in a payment default (generally 90 days past due) subsequent to modification. There were no loans that received a modification within the last 12 months at September 30, 2024 that subsequently defaulted. 
 
 The Company had additional commitments totaling million to lend to borrowers whose loans were modified as of September 30, 2024 . 
 
 19 

SBA non-real estate Total 
 (1) Excludes guaranteed portion of SBA loans of million. 
 
 Payment Performance as of September 30, 2023 in thousands) Current 30 - 89 Days Past Due 90+ Days Past Due Total SBA real estate C I Total 
 
 The following tables describe the financial effect of the loan modifications made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty for the periods presented: 
 
 Financial Effect Modification Loan Types Description of Financial Effect Three months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine months Ended September 30, 2024 Payment Delay: SBA real estate Deferment of Payment by a weighted average of: years years Term Extension: SBA non-real estate Extended term by a weighted average of: years Interest Only: SBA real estate Interest only Payment by a weighted average of: years 
 
 Financial Effect Modification Loan Types Description of Financial Effect Three months Ended September 30, 2023 Nine months Ended September 30, 2023 Term Extension: SBA non-real estate Deferment of Payment by a weighted average of: years years Interest Only: SBA real estate Interest only Payment by a weighted average of: year Rate Reduction: C I Rate Reduction by a weighted average of: 
 
 Credit Quality Indicators : The Company categorizes loans into risk categories based on relevant information about the ability of borrowers to service their debt such as: current financial information, historical payment experience, credit documentation, public information, and current economic trends, among other factors. For consumer loans, a credit grade is established at inception, and generally only adjusted based on performance. The Company analyzes loans individually by classifying the loans as to credit risk. This analysis is performed on a quarterly basis. The Company uses the following definitions for risk ratings: 
 20 

Special mention Substandard Doubtful Subtotal Current period charge-offs SBA real estate Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Subtotal Current period charge-offs SBA non-real estate Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Subtotal Current period charge-offs C I Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Subtotal Current period charge-offs Home mortgage Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful 
 21 

Current period charge-offs Consumer Pass ) Special mention Substandard Doubtful Subtotal ) Current period charge-offs Total loans Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Subtotal Current period charge-offs 
 (1) Excludes accrued interest receivables of million as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 December 31, 2023 Term Loans by Origination Year Revolving Loans Revolving Loans Converted to Term Loans Total (1) 
 in thousands) 2023 2022 
 2021 2020 2019 Prior Commercial real estate Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Subtotal Current period charge-offs SBA real estate Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Subtotal Current period charge-offs SBA non-real estate Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Subtotal Current period charge-offs C I Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Subtotal Current period charge-offs Home mortgage Pass Special mention Substandard 
 22 

Subtotal Current period charge-offs Consumer Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Subtotal Current period charge-offs Total loans Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful Subtotal Current period charge-offs 
 (1) Excludes accrued interest receivables of million as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 Note 4. 
 
 Furniture and fixtures Equipment and others Total premises and equipment Accumulated depreciation ) ) Total premises and equipment, net 
 thousand and thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 
 Note 5. 
 
 valuation allowance for impairment as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 23 

Additions from loans sold with servicing retained Amortized to expense ) ) ) ) Ending balance 
 The fair value of the servicing assets was million as of September 30, 2024, which was determined using discount rates ranging from to and prepayment speeds ranging from to , depending on the stratification of the specific assets. 
 The fair value of the servicing assets was million as of September 30, 2023, which was determined using discount rates ranging from to and prepayment speeds ranging from to depending on the stratification of the specific assets. 
 
 Note 6. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 and thereafter Total 
 Deposits from principal officers, directors, and their affiliates as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were million and million, respectively. 
 
 Note 7. 
 million advances from FHLB with a weighted average interest rate of and a weighted average remaining term of years, compared to million advances with a weighted average interest rate of and a weighted average remaining term of years as of December 31, 2023. The Company has a letter of credit with the FHLB in the amount of million and million to secure a public deposit as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 24 

Federal Reserve Bank Pacific Coast Bankers Bank Zions Bank First Horizon Bank Total 
 The Company has pledged approximately billion and billion of loans as collateral for these lines of credit as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Note 8. 
 million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The effective income tax rate was and for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and and for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The Company is subject to U.S. Federal income tax as well as various state taxing jurisdictions. The Company is no longer subject to examination by Federal taxing authorities for tax years prior to 2020 and for state taxing authorities for tax years prior to 2019. 
 
 There were significant unrealized tax benefits recorded as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, and the Company does not expect any significant increase in unrealized tax benefits in the next twelve months. 
 
 Note 9. 
 Standby letter of credit Commercial letter of credit Total undisbursed credit related commitments 
 25 

Unfunded commitments to fund investments for low-income housing partnerships 
 
 These balances are reflected in the other assets and other liabilities lines on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company expects to finish fulfilling these commitments during the year ending 2040. 
 Under the proportional amortization method, the Company amortizes the initial cost of the investment in proportion to the tax credit and other benefits received and recognizes the amortization in income tax expense on the Consolidated Statements of Income. The Company recognized amortization expense of thousand and thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. Additionally, the Company recognized tax credits and other benefits from the investments in low-income housing partnerships of thousand and thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Note 10. 
 stock-based compensation plans currently in effect as of September 30, 2024, as described further below. Total compensation cost that has been charged against earnings for these plans was thousand and thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 respectively, and thousand and thousand for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 2010 Plan : In 2010, the Board of Directors of the Bank approved a new equity incentive plan for granting stock options and restricted stock awards to key employees, officers, and non-employee directors of the Bank (the 2010 Plan ). In 2013, the 2010 Plan was amended and approved by the shareholders to increase the number of shares authorized to be issued under from shares to shares of common stock. The 2010 Plan was assumed by the Company in 2016 at the time of the bank holding company reorganization. 
 The exercise prices of stock options granted under the plan may not be less than of the fair value of the Company s stock at the date of grant. The options, when granted, vest ratably over from the date of the grant and expire after if not exercised. The 2010 Plan expired in August 2020, and no further grants can be made under the 2010 Plan. 
 Restricted stock awards issued under the 2010 Plan may or may not be subject to vesting provisions. Owners of the restricted stock awards shall have all of the rights of a shareholder including the right to vote the shares and to all dividends (cash or stock). Compensation expense related to restricted stock awards will be recognized over the vesting period of the awards based on the fair value of the Company s common stock at the issue date. 
 26 

Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited Options expired Outstanding, as of September 30, 2024 Fully vested and expected to vest Vested 
 
 Cash received from option exercises Tax provision realized from option exercised ) 
 
 Awards granted Awards vested Awards forfeited Non-vested, as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Information related to vested restricted stock awards under the 2010 Plan for the periods indicated follows: 
 
 27 

thousand of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock awards under the 2010 Plan. The Company expects to recognize these costs over a weighted average period of years. 
 2021 Plan : In 2021, the Board of Directors of the Company approved a new equity incentive plan for granting stock options and restricted stock awards to key employees, officers, and non-employee directors of the Company and the Bank (the 2021 Plan ). The 2021 Plan was approved by the Company s shareholders at the 2021 Annual Meeting. The number of shares authorized to be issued under the 2021 Plan was shares of the Company s common stock. 
 
 The exercise prices of stock options granted under the plan may not be less than of the fair value of the Company s stock at the date of grant. There are stock options granted under the 2021 Plan as of September 30, 2024. 
 
 Restricted stock awards issued under the 2021 Plan may or may not be subject to vesting provisions. Owners of the restricted stock awards shall have all rights of a shareholder including the right to vote the shares and to all dividends (cash or stock). Compensation expense related to restricted stock awards will be recognized over the vesting period of the awards based on the fair value of the Company s common stock at the issue date. 
 
 Awards granted Awards vested ) Awards forfeited ) Non-vested, as of September 30, 2024 
 
 ) ) 
 There were shares available for future grants of either stock options or restricted stock awards under the 2021 Plan as of September 30, 2024. The Company had approximately million of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested restricted stock awards under the 2021 Plan as of September 30, 2024. The Company expects to recognize these costs over a weighted average period of years. 
 28 

Note 11. 
 29 

Residential collateralized mortgage obligations Municipal securities - tax exempt Other investments: Mutual fund - CRA qualified Liabilities: Derivative financial instruments December 31, 2023 Assets: U.S. Government agencies or sponsored agency securities: Residential mortgage-backed securities Residential collateralized mortgage obligations Municipal securities - tax exempt Other investments: Mutual fund - CRA qualified 
 There were no transfers of assets or liabilities between the Level 1 and Level 2 classifications for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 or 2023. 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 The Company may be required, from time to time, to measure certain assets at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with GAAP. These adjustments to fair value usually result from application of lower of cost or fair value and write-downs of individual assets. 
 Collateral-dependent loans : Collateral-dependent loans are loans where repayment is expected to be provided solely by the sale of the underlying collateral and there are no other available and reliable sources of repayment. Fair value for collateral-dependent loans are measured based on the value of the collateral securing these loans and are classified at a Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Collateral may include real estate, or business assets including equipment, inventory and accounts receivable. The value of real estate collateral is determined based on an appraisal by qualified licensed appraisers hired by the Company. The value of business equipment is based on an appraisal by qualified licensed appraisers hired by the Company if significant, or the equipment s net book value on the business financial statements. Inventory and accounts receivable collateral are valued based on independent field examiner review or aging reports. Appraisals may utilize a single valuation approach or a combination or approaches including comparable sales and the income approach. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available for similar loans and collateral underlying such loans. Appraised values are 
 30 

OREO Total December 31, 2023 Collateral-dependent loans: SBA real estate Total Total 
 
 Total 
 
 31 

Income approach - income capitalization 
 Capitalization rate to 
 OREO Sales comparison approach Market data comparison ) to 
 ) December 31, 2023 Collateral-dependent loans: SBA real estate Income approach - income capitalization Capitalization rate to 
 
 (1) Weighted-average of inputs is based on the relative fair value of the respective assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 
 Loans held for sale Loans receivable, net Accrued interest receivable, net Other investments: FHLB and PCBB stock N/A N/A N/A N/A Time deposits placed Servicing assets Financial liabilities: Deposits FHLB advances Accrued interest payable 
 32 

Loans receivable, net Accrued interest receivable, net Other investments: FHLB and PCBB stock N/A N/A N/A N/A Time deposits placed Servicing assets Financial liabilities: Deposits FHLB advances Accrued interest payable 

Note 12. 
 
 thousand will be reclassified as a reduction to interest expense. 
 
 33 

Other assets Other liabilities Total derivatives designated as hedging instruments 
 
 As of December 31, 2023, the Company had no derivative financial instruments. ) Interest expense Total ) ) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Derivatives in cash flow hedging relationships: Interest rate products ) ) Interest expense Total ) ) 
 The Company had no derivative instruments that affect accumulated OCI for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 
 34 

The effects of cash flow hedging: Gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships in Subtopic 815-20 Interest contracts Amount of loss reclassified from accumulated OCI into income Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated OCI into income as a result that a forecasted transaction is no longer probable of occurring Amount of loss reclassified from accumulated OCI into income - included component Amount of gain (loss) reclassified from accumulated OCI into income - excluded component 
 The Company had no derivative instruments that affect statement of income for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 Total 
 Offsetting of Derivative Liabilities Gross Amounts of Recognized Liabilities Gross Amounts Offset in the Balance Sheet Net Amounts of Liabilities presented in the Balance Sheet Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Balance Sheet in thousands) Financial Instruments Cash Collateral Posted Net Amount As of September 30, 2024 Derivatives Total 
 
 35 

Note 13. 
 above the minimum risk-based capital ratios in order to absorb losses during periods of economic stress, effective January 1, 2019. Banking institutions with a ratio of common equity tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets above the minimum but below the capital conservation buffer will face constraints on dividends. equity repurchases and compensation based on the amount of the shortfall. Management believes that as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Bank met all capital adequacy requirements to which they are subject to. Based on recent changes to the Federal Reserve s definition of a Small Bank Holding Company that increased the threshold to 3 billion in assets, the Company is not currently subject to separate minimum capital measurements. At such time as the Company reaches the 3 billion asset level, it will again be subject to capital measurements independent of the Bank. 
 
 N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 capital (to average assets) Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank 
 (1) The capital requirements are only applicable to the Bank, and the Company's ratios are included for comparison purpose. 
 36 

N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank Common equity Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank Tier 1 capital (to average assets) Consolidated N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank 
 (1) The capital requirements are only applicable to the Bank, and the Company's ratios are included for comparison purpose. 
 
 Note 14. 

37 

Distributed and undistributed earnings allocated to participating securities ) ) ) ) Net income allocated to common shares Weighted average common shares outstanding Basic earnings per common share Diluted Net income allocated to common shares Weighted average common shares outstanding for basic earnings per common share 
 Add: Dilutive effects of assumed exercises of stock options Average shares and dilutive potential common shares Diluted earnings per common share 
 
 No share of common stock was antidilutive for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 
 38 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 
 
 The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes thereto contained in this Report. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Report, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. You should review the sections titled Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors for a discussion of forward-looking statements and important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis. 
 
 OVERVIEW 
 We are a bank holding company headquartered in Los Angeles, California. Our commercial community banking activities are operated through Open Bank, our banking subsidiary, and we do not conduct material business operations other than through the Bank. We offer commercial banking services to small and medium-sized businesses, their owners and retail customers primarily in the Korean-American communities within our primary market areas. 
 Our results of operations depend primarily on our net interest income. We drive our income from interest received on our loan portfolio, the fee income we receive in connection with our deposits, and the sale and service of SBA loans. Our major operating expenses are the interest we pay on deposits and other borrowings, the salaries and related benefits we pay our management and staff, and the rent we pay on our leased properties. We rely primarily on locally-generated deposits, mostly from the Korean-American market within California, to fund our loan activities. We currently operate eight branches in Los Angeles and Orange Counties in California, one branch in Santa Clara, California, one branch in Carrollton, Texas and one branch near Las Vegas, Nevada. We have five loan production offices in Pleasanton, California, Atlanta, Georgia, Aurora, Colorado, Lynnwood, Washington, and Fairfax, Virginia. 
 
 Banking Economy and Recent Developments 
 
 In recent periods, our earnings have been affected by a series of upward adjustments to the discount rate for short-term borrowings updated by the Federal Reserve Board Open Markets Committee in response to perceived increases in inflationary pressures. Financial institutions and markets promptly followed these adjustments, significantly increasing interest rate pricing on loans and deposits. While such adjustments are commonplace and tend to affect the banking industry as a whole, the pace and degree of these adjustments were nearly unprecedented, resulting in banks, including the Bank, experiencing substantial pressure on multiple fronts. In particular, banks were forced to increase interest rates paid on deposits in order to meet competitive pressures from other financial institutions, as well as from treasury securities and other investment opportunities that offered greater earning capabilities for those customers. These increases correspondingly increased the Bank s cost of funds and exerted downward pressure on our net interest margins. 
 
 The increases in market interest rates also affected loan pricing, which had multiple effects, including a reduction in borrowing (and thus a reduction in interest paid to banks) by customers that had the ability to avoid or defer additional indebtedness, a decline in the origination of new loans, and an increase in credit risk as borrowers who faced rising interest rates found it more difficult to comply with their loan obligations. The combination of these factors has exerted downward pressure on our fee income, the volume of our interest-earning assets and our net interest income. 
 
 More recently, following a prolonged low-interest-rate environment, a series of rapid rate increases by the Federal Reserve resulted in a dramatic loss of value for bonds had been priced during the previous market. Those increases had the effect of rapidly diminishing the value of debt securities and, concomitantly, adversely affected liquidity of many financial institutions. These markets appear to have stabilized substantially; however, the United States continues to confront considerable political and economic uncertainty owing to a relatively volatile election cycle, and it remains difficult to predict or to hedge against future fluctuations. While we do not presently expect that the Federal Reserve will resume significant adjustments, the conditions that led the Federal Reserve to make the recent adjustments remain uncertain and relatively volatile, and thus are highly unpredictable. Moreover, although the U.S. presidential election cycle has concluded as of the date of this report, the implications of these events is quite recent and remains difficult to predict. 
 
 We believe we have adapted well to these shifts in the banking economy, and our success in weathering the challenges to date owes to the loyalty of our customers and the dedication of our employees and management. At the same 
 39 

time, these conditions have forced us to redirect our efforts toward liquidity and capital management, thus limiting our growth and our near-term profitability. 
 The following significant items are of note as of or for the periods presented: 
 As of September 30, 2024 compared to as of December 31, 2023 
 Total assets were 2.39 billion, an increase of 240.3 million, or 11.2 , from 2.15 billion. 
 Gross loans were 1.93 billion, an increase of 165.2 million, or 9.4 , from 1.77 billion. 
 Total deposits were 2.06 billion, an increase of 257.0 million, or 14.2 , from 1.81 billion. 
 Shareholders equity was 203.6 million, an increase of 11.0 million, or 5.7 , from 192.6 million. 
 For the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to three months ended September 30, 2023 
 Net interest income decreased to 16.5 million, a decrease of 0.8 million, or 4.7 , from 17.3 million. 
 Net income was 5.4 million or 0.36 per diluted common share, an increase of 315 thousand, or 6.2 , from 5.1 million or 0.33 per diluted common share. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 Net interest income decreased to 48.7 million, a decrease of 3.8 million, or 7.2 , from 52.5 million. 
 Net income was 16.1 million or 1.06 per diluted common share, a decrease of 2.6 million, or 14.1 , from 18.7 million or 1.21 per diluted common share. 

40 

SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands, except share and per share data) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Income Statement Data: Interest income 35,299 31,186 102,569 89,882 Interest expense 18,793 13,873 53,890 37,425 Net interest income 16,506 17,313 48,679 52,457 Provision for credit losses 448 1,359 1,210 1,021 Noninterest income 4,240 2,601 12,010 10,501 Noninterest expense 12,720 11,535 37,066 35,743 Income before income taxes 7,578 7,020 22,413 26,194 Income tax expense 2,142 1,899 6,315 7,448 Net income 5,436 5,121 16,098 18,746 Per Share Data: Basic income per share 0.36 0.33 1.06 1.21 Diluted income per share 0.36 0.33 1.06 1.21 Book value per share 13.75 12.17 13.75 12.17 Shares of common stock outstanding 14,811,671 15,118,268 14,811,671 15,118,268 Performance Ratios: Return on average assets (1) 
 0.94 1.15 0.95 1.29 Return on average equity (1) 
 10.95 13.27 11.00 15.02 Yield on total loans (1) 
 6.66 6.34 6.68 6.22 Yield on average interest-earning assets (1) 
 6.30 5.94 6.30 5.83 Cost of average interest-bearing liabilities (1) 
 4.82 4.01 4.80 3.79 Cost of deposits (1) 
 3.57 2.63 3.52 2.44 Net interest margin (1) 
 2.95 3.40 2.99 3.48 Efficiency ratio (2) 
 61.31 58.97 61.08 56.24 
 (1) Annualized. 
 (2) Represent noninterest expense divided by the sum of net interest income and noninterest income. 
 
 41 

As of in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Balance Sheet Data: Gross loans 1,931,007 1,765,845 Loans held for sale 8,160 1,795 Allowance for credit losses 22,960 21,993 Total assets 2,387,980 2,147,730 Total deposits 2,064,603 1,807,558 Shareholders equity 203,603 192,626 Asset Quality Data: Nonperforming loans to gross loans 0.19 0.34 Allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans 634 362 Allowance for credit losses to gross loans 1.19 1.25 Balance Sheet and Capital Ratios: Gross loans to deposits 93.53 97.69 Noninterest-bearing deposits to deposits 27.21 28.92 Average equity to average total assets 8.63 8.62 Leverage ratio 9.30 9.57 Common equity tier 1 ratio 11.57 12.52 Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio 11.57 12.52 Total risk-based capital ratio 12.79 13.77 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 There have been no material changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates since those described in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 Credit risk is inherent in the business of making loans. We establish an allowance for credit losses both on loans and off-balance sheet commitments through charges to earnings, which are shown in the statements of operations as the provision for credit losses. Specifically identifiable and quantifiable known losses are promptly charged off against the allowance. The provision for credit losses is determined by conducting a quarterly evaluation of the adequacy of our allowance for credit losses and charging the shortfall or excess, if any, to the current quarter s expense. This has the effect of creating variability in the amount and frequency of charges to earnings. The provision for credit losses and level of allowance for each period are dependent upon many factors, including loan growth, net charge-offs, changes in the composition of the loan portfolio, delinquencies, management s assessment of the quality of the loan portfolio, the valuation of problem loans and the general economic conditions in our market area. 
 
 The Company employs a modeled approach that takes into account current and future economic conditions to estimate lifetime expected losses on a collective basis. With the adoption of CECL, the Company elected not to consider accrued interest receivable in its estimated credit losses because the Company writes off uncollectible accrued interest receivable in a timely manner. The Company considers writing off accrued interest amounts once the amounts become 90 days past due to be considered within a timely manner. The Company has elected to write off accrued interest receivable by reversing interest income. The Company uses transition matrices to develop the Probability of Default ("PD") and Loss Given Default ("LGD") approach, incorporating quantitative factors and qualitative considerations in the calculation of the allowance for credit losses for collectively assessed loans. The model provides forecasts of PD and LGD based on national unemployment rates using regression analysis. The Company incorporates future economic conditions using a weighted multiple scenario approach: baseline and adverse. The Company applies a reasonable and supportable period of one year for the baseline scenario and two years for the adverse scenario, after which loss assumptions revert to historical loss information through a one-year reversion period for the baseline scenario and a two-year reversion period for the adverse 
 42 

scenario. We make critical accounting estimates, including the judgments made in the application of significant accounting policies, sensitivity to change, and the likelihood of materially different reported results if different assumptions were used. 
 
 In order to quantify the credit risk impact of other trends and changes within the loan portfolio, we utilize qualitative adjustments to the modeled estimated loss approaches. The parameters for making adjustments are established under a Credit Risk Matrix that provides different possible scenarios for each of the factors listed below. The Credit Risk Matrix and the possible scenarios enable the Bank to qualitatively adjust the loss rates. This matrix considers the following nine factors, which are patterned after the guidelines provided under the Federal Financial Institutions Examination Council Interagency Policy Statement on the Allowance for Credit Losses, updated to reflect the adoption of CECL: 
 
 Changes in lending policies and procedures, including changes in underwriting standards and practices for collection, charge-offs, and recoveries; 
 Actual and expected changes in national and local economic and business conditions and developments in which the institution operates that affect the collectivity of loans; 
 Changes in the nature and volume of the loan portfolio; 
 Changes in the experience, ability, and depth of lending management and staff; 
 Changes in the volume and severity of past due loans, the volume of nonaccrual loans, and the volume and severity of adversely classified loans; 
 Changes in the quality of the credit review function; 
 Changes in the value of the underlying collateral for loans that are not collateral-dependent; 
 The existence, growth, and effect of any concentrations of credit, and 
 The effect of other external factors, such as the regulatory, legal and technological environments; competition; and events such as natural disasters. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 Net Income 
 
 We reported net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 of 5.4 million, an increase of 315 thousand, or 6.2 , compared to net income of 5.1 million for the same period of 2023. The increase was due to a 1.6 million increase in noninterest income and a 911 thousand decrease in provision for credit losses, primarily offset by a 1.2 million increase in noninterest expense and a 807 thousand decrease in net interest income. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Interest income 35,299 31,186 4,113 13.2 Interest expense 18,793 13,873 4,920 35.5 Net interest income 16,506 17,313 (807) (4.7) Provision for credit losses 448 1,359 (911) (67.0) Noninterest income 4,240 2,601 1,639 63.0 Noninterest expense 12,720 11,535 1,185 10.3 Income before income tax expense 7,578 7,020 558 7.9 Income tax expense 2,142 1,899 243 12.8 Net income 5,436 5,121 315 6.2 
 
 We reported net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 of 16.1 million, a decrease of 2.6 million, or 14.1 , compared to net income of 18.7 million for the same period of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to a 3.8 million decrease in net interest income and a 1.3 million increase in noninterest expense, offset by a 1.5 million increase in noninterest income and a 1.1 million decrease in income tax expense. 
 
 43 

Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Interest income 102,569 89,882 12,687 14.1 Interest expense 53,890 37,425 16,465 44.0 Net interest income 48,679 52,457 (3,778) (7.2) Provision for credit losses 1,210 1,021 189 18.5 Noninterest income 12,010 10,501 1,509 14.4 Noninterest expense 37,066 35,743 1,323 3.7 Income before income tax expense 22,413 26,194 (3,781) (14.4) Income tax expense 6,315 7,448 (1,133) (15.2) Net income 16,098 18,746 (2,648) (14.1) 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 The management of interest income and expense is fundamental to our financial performance. Net interest income, the difference between interest income and interest expense, is the largest component of our total revenue. Management closely monitors both total net interest income and the net interest margin (net interest income divided by average earning assets). We seek to maximize net interest income without exposing us to excessive interest rate risk through our asset and liability policies. Interest rate risk is managed by monitoring the pricing, maturity and repricing options of all classes of interest-bearing assets and liabilities. Our net interest margin is also adversely impacted by the reversal of interest on nonaccrual loans and the reinvestment of loan payoffs into lower yielding investment securities and other short-term investments. 
 
 44 

The following table presents, for the periods indicated, information about: (i) weighted average balances, the total dollar amount of interest income from interest-earning assets and the resultant average yields, (ii) average balances, the total dollar amount of interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities and the resultant average rates, (iii) net interest income, (iv) the interest rate spread, and (v) the net interest margin. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 in thousands) Average Balance Interest and Fees Yield / 
 Rate (1) 
 Average Balance Interest and Fees Yield / 
 Rate (1) 
 Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 109,003 1,474 5.29 82,752 1,116 5.28 Federal funds sold and other investments (2) 
 16,432 314 7.65 16,176 301 7.44 Available-for-sale debt securities 199,211 1,626 3.26 199,205 1,519 3.05 Commercial real estate loans 944,818 14,759 6.21 856,911 12,207 5.65 SBA loans 270,282 7,107 10.46 248,960 7,303 11.64 Commercial and industrial loans 187,163 3,642 7.74 117,578 2,340 7.90 Home mortgage loans 503,148 6,364 5.06 516,465 6,393 4.95 Consumer other loans 541 13 9.37 274 7 10.01 Loans (3) 
 1,905,952 31,885 6.66 1,740,188 28,250 6.45 Total interest-earning assets 2,230,598 35,299 6.30 2,038,321 31,186 6.08 Noninterest-earning assets 88,747 84,580 Total assets 2,319,345 2,122,901 Interest-bearing liabilities: Money market deposits and others 343,429 3,601 4.17 352,424 3,487 3.93 Time deposits 1,127,078 14,320 5.05 869,675 9,519 4.34 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,470,507 17,921 4.85 1,222,099 13,006 4.22 Borrowings 80,326 872 4.32 79,891 867 4.31 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,550,833 18,793 4.82 1,301,990 13,873 4.23 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Noninterest-bearing deposits 528,126 599,262 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 41,892 36,620 Total noninterest-bearing liabilities 570,018 635,882 Shareholders equity 198,494 185,029 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 2,319,345 2,122,901 Net interest income / interest rate spreads 16,506 1.48 17,313 1.85 Net interest margin 2.95 3.38 Cost of deposits 3.57 2.83 Cost of funds 3.60 2.90 
 (1) Annualized. 
 (2) Includes income and average balances for Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB and Pacific Coast Bankers Bank stock, CRA qualified mutual fund, term federal funds, interest-earning time deposits and other miscellaneous interest-earning assets. 
 (3) Average loan balances include non-accrual loans and loans held for sale. 
 
 45 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 in thousands) Average Balance Interest and Fees Yield / 
 Rate (1) 
 Average Balance Interest and Fees Yield / 
 Rate (1) 
 Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 106,022 4,310 5.34 78,736 2,965 4.97 Federal funds sold and other investments (2) 
 16,335 951 7.76 14,575 721 6.59 Available-for-sale debt securities 195,383 4,676 3.19 206,448 4,647 3.00 Commercial real estate loans 918,149 42,230 6.14 845,340 35,209 5.57 SBA loans 263,126 21,436 10.88 262,130 21,459 10.94 Commercial and industrial loans 164,927 9,679 7.84 117,850 6,772 7.68 Home mortgage loans 505,669 19,207 5.06 504,188 18,069 4.78 Consumer other loans 1,046 80 10.10 994 40 5.40 Loans (3) 
 1,852,917 92,632 6.68 1,730,502 81,549 6.30 Total interest-earning assets 2,170,657 102,569 6.30 2,030,261 89,882 5.91 Noninterest-earning assets 88,594 84,044 Total assets 2,259,251 2,114,305 Interest-bearing liabilities: Money market deposits and others 349,766 11,035 4.21 373,041 9,838 3.53 Time deposits 1,061,609 39,904 5.02 833,603 25,470 4.09 Total interest-bearing deposits 1,411,375 50,939 4.82 1,206,644 35,308 3.91 Borrowings 88,743 2,951 4.44 63,078 2,117 4.49 Total interest-bearing liabilities 1,500,118 53,890 4.80 1,269,722 37,425 3.94 Noninterest-bearing liabilities: Noninterest-bearing deposits 523,951 628,569 Other noninterest-bearing liabilities 40,141 33,377 Total noninterest-bearing liabilities 564,092 661,946 Shareholders equity 195,041 182,637 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 2,259,251 2,114,305 Net interest income / interest rate spreads 48,679 1.50 52,457 1.97 Net interest margin 2.99 3.45 Cost of deposits 3.52 2.57 Cost of funds 3.56 2.64 
 (1) Annualized. 
 (2) Includes income and average balances for Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB and Pacific Coast Bankers Bank stock, CRA qualified mutual fund, term federal funds, interest-earning time deposits and other miscellaneous interest-earning assets. 
 (3) Average loan balances include non-accrual loans and loans held for sale. 
 
 46 

Increases and decreases in interest income and interest expense result from changes in average balances (volume) of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities, as well as changes in average interest rates. The following tables set forth the effects of changing rates and volumes on our net interest income during the period shown. Information is provided with respect to (i) effects on interest income attributable to changes in volume (change in volume multiplied by prior rate) and (ii) effects on interest income attributable to changes in rate (changes in rate multiplied by prior volume). Change applicable to both volume and rate have been allocated to volume and rate ratably. 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs 2023 Increases (Decreases) Due to Change in in thousands) Volume Rate Total Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 354 4 358 Federal funds sold and other investments 3 10 13 Available-for-sale debt securities 11 96 107 Commercial real estate loans 1,294 1,258 2,552 SBA loans 584 (780) (196) Commercial and industrial loans 1,393 (91) 1,302 Home mortgage loans (138) 109 (29) Consumer other loans 7 (1) 6 Total loans 3,140 495 3,635 Total interest-earning assets 3,508 605 4,113 Interest-bearing liabilities: Money market deposits and others (327) 441 114 Time deposits 3,079 1,722 4,801 Total interest-bearing deposits 2,752 2,163 4,915 Borrowings 3 2 5 Total interest-bearing liabilities 2,755 2,165 4,920 Net interest income 753 (1,560) (807) 
 
 Comparison for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Net interest income decreased 807 thousand, or 4.7 , to 16.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 17.3 million for the same period of 2023, primarily due to higher interest expense on interest-bearing deposits, partially offset by higher interest income on loans and higher interest income on interest-bearing deposits in other banks as our deposit costs repriced quicker than our interest-earning asset yields following the Federal Reserve s rate increases. 
 
 Interest expense on interest-bearing deposits increased 4.9 million, or 37.8 , to 17.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 13.0 million for the same period of 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 248.4 million, or 20.3 , increase in average balance of interest-bearing deposits and an 63 basis point increase in average cost of interest-bearing deposits driven by the Federal Reserve's rate increases. 
 
 Interest income on loans increased 3.6 million, or 12.9 , to 31.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 28.3 million for the same period of 2023, primarily due to a 165.8 million, or 9.5 , increase in average balance of loans and a 21 basis point increase in average yield on loans as a result of the Federal Reserve's rate increase. 
 
 Interest income on interest-bearing deposits in other banks increased 358 thousand, or 32.1 , to 1.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 1.1 million for the same period of 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 26.3 million, or 31.7 , increase in average balance of interest-bearing deposits in other banks. 
 
 47 

Net interest margin was 2.95 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, a 43 basis point decrease from 3.38 for the same period of 2023, primarily due to a 37 basis point decrease in net interest spread from the higher increase in average cost of interest-bearing deposits and borrowings compared to the increase in average yield on loans. 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 vs 2023 Increases (Decreases) Due to Change in in thousands) Volume Rate Total Interest-earning assets: Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 1,079 266 1,345 Federal funds sold and other investments 108 122 230 Available-for-sale debt securities (214) 243 29 Commercial real estate loans 3,207 3,814 7,021 SBA loans 117 (140) (23) Commercial and industrial loans 2,816 91 2,907 Home mortgage loans 173 965 1,138 Consumer other loans 3 37 40 Total loans 6,316 4,767 11,083 Total interest-earning assets 7,289 5,398 12,687 Interest-bearing liabilities: Money market deposits and others (1,505) 2,702 1,197 Time deposits 7,821 6,613 14,434 Total interest-bearing deposits 6,316 9,315 15,631 Borrowings 860 (26) 834 Total interest-bearing liabilities 7,176 9,289 16,465 Net interest income 113 (3,891) (3,778) 
 
 Comparison for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 Net interest income decreased 3.8 million, or 7.2 , to 48.7 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 52.5 million for the same period of 2023, primarily due to higher interest expense on interest-bearing deposits, partially offset by higher interest income on loans and higher interest income on interest-bearing deposits in other banks as our deposit costs repriced quicker than our interest-earning asset yields following the Federal Reserve s rate increases. 
 
 Interest expense on interest-bearing deposits increased 15.6 million to 50.9 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 35.3 million for the same period of 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 204.7 million, or 17.0 , increase in average balance of interest-bearing deposits and a 91 basis point increase in average cost of interest-bearing deposits driven by the Federal Reserve's rate increases. 
 
 Interest income on loans increased 11.1 million to 92.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 81.5 million for the same period of 2023, primarily due to a 122.4 million, or 7.1 , increase in average balance of loans and a 38 basis point increase in average yield on loans as a result of the Federal Reserve's rate increase. 
 
 Interest income on interest-bearing deposits in other banks increased 1.3 million, or 45.4 , to 4.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared with 3.0 million for the same period of 2023. The increase was primarily due to a 27.3 million, or 34.7 , increase in average balance of interest-bearing deposits in other banks and a 37 basis point increase in average yield of interest-bearing deposits in other banks. 
 
 Net interest margin was 2.99 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, a 46 basis point decrease from 3.45 for the same period of 2023, primarily due to a 47 basis point decrease in net interest spread from the higher increase in average cost of interest-bearing deposits and borrowings compared to the increase in average yield on loans. 
 48 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 Total provision for credit losses was 448 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.4 million for the same period of 2023. The provision for credit losses on loans and on off-balance sheet exposure were 234 thousand and 214 thousand, respectively. The provision for credit losses on loans of 234 thousand for three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to a 215 thousand increase in the qualitative reserve driven by declining collateral values for collateral dependent CRE loans and weakening economic and business conditions. The provision for credit losses on off-balance sheet exposure of 214 thousand was primarily due to increases in unfunded commitment balance and utilization of commitment. 
 Total provision for credit losses was 1.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to the credit losses of 1.0 million for the same period of 2023. The provision for credit losses on loans and on off-balance sheet exposure were 1.1 million and 156 thousand, respectively. The provision for credit losses on loans of 1.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to a 1.7 million increase in the quantitative general reserve, partially offset by a 843 thousand decrease in the qualitative reserve. The increase in the quantitative reserve was primarily due to changes in historical loss factors and increases in loan balances. The decrease in the qualitative reserve was due to net improvements in various asset quality metrics and economic conditions compared to those metrics and conditions as of December 31, 2023. The provision for credit losses on off-balance sheet exposure of 156 thousand was primarily due to increases in unfunded commitment balance and utilization of commitment. 
 
 Noninterest Income 
 While interest income remains the largest single component of total revenues, noninterest income is also an important component. A portion of our noninterest income is associated with SBA lending activity, consisting of gains on the sale of loans sold in the secondary market and servicing income from loans sold with servicing retained. Other sources of noninterest income include service charges on deposit. 
 Comparison for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table sets forth the various components of our noninterest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Noninterest income: Service charges on deposits 889 575 314 54.6 Loan servicing fees, net of amortization 693 468 225 48.1 Gain on sale of loans 2,088 1,179 909 77.1 Other income 570 379 191 50.4 Total noninterest income 4,240 2,601 1,639 63.0 
 
 Noninterest income for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 4.2 million, an increase of 1.6 million, or 63.0 , compared to 2.6 million for the same period of 2023, primarily due to increases in gain on sale of loans, service charges on deposits, and loan servicing fees. 
 
 Gain on sale of loans was 2.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.2 million for the same period of 2023, an increase of 909 thousand, or 77.1 . The increase was primarily due to a higher sold amount in SBA loans and a higher average sales premium rate. We sold 35.6 million of SBA loans with an average premium of 7.30 for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a sale of 23.4 million of SBA loans with an average premium of 6.50 in the same period of 2023. 
 
 Service charges on deposit was 889 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 575 thousand for the same period of 2023, an increase of 314 thousand, or 54.6 , primarily due to an increase in deposit analysis fees from an increase in the number of analysis accounts. 
 
 49 

Loan servicing fees was 693 thousand for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 468 thousand for the same period of 2023, an increase of 225 thousand, or 48.1 , primarily due to a decrease in servicing fee amortization driven by lower loan payoffs in loan servicing portfolio. 
 Comparison for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 The following table sets forth the various components of our noninterest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Noninterest income: Service charges on deposits 2,294 1,566 728 46.5 Loan servicing fees, net of amortization 2,040 1,909 131 6.9 Gain on sale of loans 6,116 5,847 269 4.6 Other income 1,560 1,179 381 32.3 Total noninterest income 12,010 10,501 1,509 14.4 
 Noninterest income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 12.0 million, an increase of 1.5 million, or 14.4 , compared to 10.5 million for the same period of 2023, primarily due to increases in service charge on deposits, other income, and gain on sale of loans. 
 Service charges on deposits was 2.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1,566 thousand for the same period of 2023, an increase of 728 thousand, or 46.5 , primarily due to an increase in deposit analysis fees from an increase in the number of analysis accounts. 
 Other income was 1.6 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.2 million for the same period of 2023, an increase of 381 thousand, or 32.3 , primarily due to an increase of 179 thousand in credit related fees and a decrease of 178 thousand in unrealized loss on the CRA mutual fund. 
 Gain on sale of loans was 6.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 5.8 million for the same period of 2023, an increase of 269 thousand, or 4.6 . The increase was primarily due to a higher average sales premium rate, primarily offset by a lower sold amount in SBA loans. We sold 92.5 million of SBA loans with an average premium of 8.02 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to a sale of 104.8 million of SBA loans with an average premium of 6.91 in the same period of 2023. 
 
 50 

Noninterest Expense 
 Comparison for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 The following table sets forth the major components of our noninterest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits 8,031 7,014 1,017 14.5 Occupancy and equipment 1,676 1,706 (30) (1.8) Data processing and communication 634 369 265 71.8 Professional fees 346 440 (94) (21.4) FDIC insurance and regulatory assessments 391 333 58 17.4 Promotion and advertising 151 207 (56) (27.1) Directors' fees 154 164 (10) (6.1) Foundation donation and other contributions 549 529 20 3.8 Other expenses 788 773 15 1.9 Total noninterest expense 12,720 11,535 1,185 10.3 
 
 Noninterest expense for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 12.7 million, compared with 11.5 million for the same period of 2023, a decrease of 1.2 million, or 10.3 , primarily due to decreases in salaries and employee benefits, and data processing and communication, partially offset by a decrease in professional fees. 
 
 Salaries and employee benefits for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 8.0 million, an increase of 1.0 million, or 14.5 , compared with 7.0 million for the same period of 2023. The increase was primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits to support our growth and a lower accrual on employee incentives in the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Data processing and communication for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 634 thousand, an increase of 265 thousand, or 71.8 , compared with 369 thousand for the same period of 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase from our continued growth and a lower expense in the third quarter of 2023 from a credit received on data processing fees. 
 
 Professional fees for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 346 thousand, a decrease of 94 thousand, or 21.4 , compared with 440 thousand for the same period of 2023, The decrease was primarily due to an accrual adjustments made in the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 51 

Comparison for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 
 The following table sets forth the major components of our noninterest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 Change Change Noninterest expense: Salaries and employee benefits 23,440 21,947 1,493 6.8 Occupancy and equipment 4,991 4,874 117 2.4 Data processing and communication 1,651 1,465 186 12.7 Professional fees 1,147 1,180 (33) (2.8) FDIC insurance and regulatory assessments 1,143 1,220 (77) (6.3) Promotion and advertising 451 528 (77) (14.6) Directors' fees 489 535 (46) (8.6) Foundation donation and other contributions 1,628 1,876 (248) (13.2) Other expenses 2,126 2,118 8 0.4 Total noninterest expense 37,066 35,743 1,323 3.7 
 
 Noninterest expense for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 37.1 million, an increase of 1.3 million, or 3.7 , compared to 35.7 million for the same period of 2023, primarily due to increases in salaries and employee benefits expense, occupancy and equipment expense and data processing and communication, partially offset by a decrease in foundation donation and other contributions. 
 
 Salaries and employee benefits for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 23.4 million, an increase of 1,493 thousand, or 6.8 , compared with 21.9 million for the same period of 2023. The increase was primarily due to an increase in the number of employees to support our growth, an increase from employee salary adjustments in 2024, and an increase in employee marketing incentives. 
 
 Occupancy and equipment for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 5.0 million, an increase of 117 thousand, or 2.4 , compared with 4.9 million for the same period of 2023. The increase was primarily due to the opening of a new full service branch in the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Data processing and communication for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.7 million, an increase of 186 thousand, or 12.7 , compared with 1.5 million for the same period of 2023, to support our continued growth. 
 
 Foundation donations and other contributions for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 1.6 million, a decrease of 248 thousand, or 13.2 , compared with 1.9 million for the same period of 2023. The decrease was primarily due to lower donation accruals for Open Stewardship Foundation as a result of lower net income. 

Income Tax Expense 
 Income tax expense was 2.1 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.9 million for the same period of 2023, primarily due to a 558 thousand, or 7.9 , increase in income before income tax to 7.6 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 from 7.0 million for the same period of 2023. Effective tax rates were 28.3 and 27.1 for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 Income tax expense was 6.3 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 7.4 million for the same period of 2023, primarily due to a 3.8 million, or 14.4 , decrease in income before income tax to 22.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 from 26.2 million for the same period of 2023. Effective tax rates were 28.2 and 28.4 for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 We recognized net deferred tax assets of 12.3 million and 13.3 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. After consideration of the matters in the preceding paragraph, we have determined that it is more likely than not that net deferred tax assets as of September 30, 2024 will be fully realized in future years. 
 52 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 
 
 Investment Portfolio 
 The securities portfolio is the second largest component of our interest earning assets, and the structure and composition of this portfolio is important to an analysis of our financial condition. The portfolio serves the following purposes: (i) it provides a source of pledged assets for securing certain deposits and borrowed funds, as may be required by law or by specific agreement with a depositor or lender; (ii) it provides liquidity to even out cash flows from the loan and deposit activities of customers; (iii) it can be used as an interest rate risk management tool, because it provides a large base of assets, the maturity and interest rate characteristics of which can be changed more readily than the loan portfolio to better match changes in the deposit base and our other funding sources; and (iv) it is an alternative interest-earning use of funds when loan demand is weak or when deposits grow more rapidly than loans. 
 We classify our securities as either available-for-sale or held-to-maturity at the time of purchase. Accounting guidance requires available-for-sale securities to be marked to fair value with an offset to accumulated other comprehensive income (loss), a component of shareholders equity. Monthly adjustments are made to reflect changes in the fair value of our available-for-sale securities. 
 All securities in our investment portfolio were classified as available-for-sale as of September 30, 2024. There were no held-to-maturity or trading securities in our investment portfolio as of September 30, 2024. All available-for-sale securities are carried at fair value and consist of U.S. government agencies or sponsored agency securities and tax-exempt municipal securities. 
 
 The following table summarizes the fair value of the available-for-sale securities portfolio as of the dates presented: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 in thousands) Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Unrealized Loss 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Fair Value 
 Unrealized Loss 
 U.S. Government agencies or sponsored agency securities: Residential mortgage-backed securities 43,472 40,161 (3,311) 48,318 43,877 (4,441) Residential collateralized mortgage obligations 166,819 153,114 (13,705) 162,142 144,459 (17,683) Municipal securities - tax exempt 5,803 6,098 295 5,726 5,914 188 Total available-for-sale debt securities 216,094 199,373 (16,721) 216,186 194,250 (21,936) 
 Available-for-sale debt securities increased 5.1 million, or 2.6 , to 199.4 million as of September 30, 2024 from 194.3 million as of December 31, 2023, primarily due to a 5.2 million decrease in unrealized loss for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. No issuer of the available-for-sale securities, other than U.S. Government and its agencies, comprised more than ten percent of our shareholders equity as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 Certain securities have fair values less than amortized cost and, therefore, contain unrealized losses. The unrealized losses were primarily attributable to interest rate movement, not credit quality. These securities (Fannie Mae, Ginnie Mae, and Freddie Mac) are guaranteed or sponsored by agencies of the U.S. government, and the issuers of the securities are of high credit quality. We believe that the net unrealized losses presented in the previous tables are temporary and no credit losses are expected. As a result, we expect full collection of the carrying amount of these securities, do not intend to sell the securities in an unrealized loss position, and believe it is more-likely-than-not we will not have to sell these securities prior to recovery of amortized cost. Accordingly, for available-for-sale debt securities, we did not have allowance for credit losses as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 53 

The following table sets forth certain information regarding contractual maturities and the weighted average yields of our investment securities as of the dates presented. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities if borrowers have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 
 
 September 30, 2024 Due in One Year or Less Due after One Year Through Five Years Due after Five Years Through Ten Years Due after Ten Years in thousands) Amortized 
 Cost 
 Weighted Average Yield 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Weighted Average Yield 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Weighted Average Yield 
 Amortized 
 Cost 
 Weighted Average Yield 
 U.S. Government agencies or sponsored agency securities: Residential mortgage-backed securities 819 2.16 393 2.35 42,260 2.26 Residential collateralized mortgage obligations 157 1.79 2,215 1.44 164,447 3.09 Municipal securities - tax exempt 5,803 5.18 Total available-for-sale debt securities 976 2.10 2,608 1.58 212,510 2.98 
 We have not used interest rate swaps or other derivative instruments to hedge fixed rate loans or securities to otherwise mitigate interest rate risk. 
 
 Loans 
 Our loans represent the largest portion of our earning assets, substantially greater than the securities portfolio or any other asset category, and the quality and diversification of the loan portfolio is an important consideration when reviewing our financial condition. 
 
 The loan distribution table that follows sets forth our gross loans outstanding, and the percentage distribution in each category as of the dates indicated: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 in thousands) Amount of Total Amount of Total Commercial real estate 966,472 50.1 885,585 50.2 SBA real estate 232,209 12.0 224,695 12.7 SBA non-real estate 20,170 1.0 14,997 0.8 Commercial and industrial 212,476 11.0 120,970 6.9 Home mortgage 499,666 25.9 518,024 29.3 Consumer 14 1,574 0.1 Gross loans receivable 1,931,007 100.0 1,765,845 100.0 Allowance for credit losses (22,960) (21,993) Loans receivable, net (1) 
 1,908,047 1,743,852 
 (1) Includes net deferred loan costs (fees) and unamortized premiums (unaccreted discounts) of (260) thousand and 140 thousand as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Gross loans increased 165.2 million, or 9.4 , to 1.93 billion as of September 30, 2024, compared to 1.77 billion as of December 31, 2023. The increase was primarily attributable to new loan production of 375.4 million, partially offset by loan payoffs and paydowns of 171.4 million. 
 
 54 

The following tables presents the contractual loan maturities by loan category and the contractual distribution of loans to changes in interest rates as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
 September 30, 2024 Due in One Year or Less Due after One Year Through Five Years Due after Five Years in thousands) Fixed Rate Adjustable Rate Fixed Rate Adjustable Rate Fixed Rate Adjustable Rate Total Commercial real estate 92,386 52,527 484,943 112,083 161,482 63,051 966,472 SBA real estate 67 10,371 221,771 232,209 SBA non- real estate 143 3,141 3,189 13,697 20,170 Commercial and industrial 101,301 34,751 8,531 24,162 21,122 22,609 212,476 Home mortgage 476,242 23,424 499,666 Consumer 14 14 Gross loans 193,687 87,435 493,474 139,453 672,406 344,552 1,931,007 
 December 31, 2023 Due in One Year or Less Due after One Year Through Five Years Due after Five Years in thousands) Fixed Rate Adjustable Rate Fixed Rate Adjustable Rate Fixed Rate Adjustable Rate Total Commercial real estate 66,776 84,427 414,863 79,933 192,074 47,512 885,585 SBA real estate 25 224,670 224,695 SBA non- real estate 116 1 3,535 11,345 14,997 Commercial and industrial 18,478 30,172 7,996 27,154 23,644 13,526 120,970 Home mortgage 495,425 22,599 518,024 Consumer 1,574 1,574 Gross loans 85,254 116,289 422,860 110,647 711,143 319,652 1,765,845 
 Our loan portfolio is concentrated in commercial real estate, which includes unguaranteed balances in SBA loans, home mortgage and commercial (primarily manufacturing, wholesale, and services oriented entities). We do not have any material concentrations by industry or group of industries in the loan portfolio. However, 88.0 of our gross loans were secured by real property as of September 30, 2024, compared to 92.2 as of December 31, 2023. 
 Loans Commercial Real Estate: We have established concentration limits in the loan portfolio for commercial real estate loans, commercial and industrial loans, and unsecured lending, among others. All loan types are within established limits. We use underwriting guidelines to assess the borrowers historical cash flow to determine debt service, and we further stress test the debt service under higher interest rate scenarios. Financial and performance covenants are used in commercial lending agreements to allow us to react to a borrower s deteriorating financial condition, should that occur. 
 Commercial real estate loans include owner-occupied and non-occupied commercial real estate. We originate both fixed and adjustable rate loans. Adjustable rate loans are based on the Wall Street Journal prime rate. Our commercial real estate loan portfolio totaled 966.5 million as of September 30, 2024 compared to 885.6 million as of December 31, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we originated 155.1 million of commercial real estate loans. As of September 30, 2024, approximately 76.4 of the commercial real estate portfolio consisted of fixed-rate loans. Our policy maximum loan-to-value, or LTV, is 70 for commercial real estate loans. As of September 30, 2024, our average loan to value for commercial real estate loans was 50.8 . 
 Loans SBA : We are designated as an SBA Preferred Lender under the SBA Preferred Lender Program. We offer mostly SBA 7(a) variable-rate loans. We generally sell the 75 guaranteed portion of the SBA loans that we originate. Our SBA loans are typically made to small-sized manufacturing, wholesale, retail, hotel/motel and service businesses for working capital needs or business expansions. SBA loans have maturities up to 25 years. Typically, non-real estate secured loans mature in less than 10 years. Collateral may also include inventory, accounts receivable and equipment, and may include personal guarantees. Our unguaranteed SBA loans collateralized by real estate are monitored by collateral type and included in our commercial real estate Concentration Guidance. 
 55 

As of September 30, 2024, our SBA portfolio totaled 252.4 million, compared to 239.7 million as of December 31, 2023. We originated 122.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. We sold SBA loans of 92.5 million with a 8.02 average premium during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 From our total SBA loan portfolio, 232.2 million is secured by real estate and 20.2 million is unsecured or secured by business assets as of September 30, 2024. 
 Loans Commercial and Industrial: Commercial and industrial loans totaled 212.5 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 121.0 million as of December 31, 2023. We originated 71.2 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Loans - Home Mortgage: We originate mainly non-qualified, alternative documentation single-family home mortgage loans home mortgage primarily through our retail branch network and our correspondent lender network. The primary loan product is a five-year or seven-year hybrid adjustable rate mortgage, which reprices after five years to a selected SOFR plus certain spreads. We also purchase residential mortgage loans from third party mortgage originators based on the review of their underwriting and file quality as opportunities arise. 
 Home mortgage loans totaled 499.7 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 518.0 million as of December 31, 2023. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we originated 26.3 million of home mortgage loans. There was no home mortgage loan purchase from third party mortgage originators for the same period. 
 
 Loan Servicing 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we serviced 694.8 million and 707.4 million, respectively, of SBA loans for others. Activity for loan servicing rights was as follows: 
 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Beginning balance 11,043 12,654 11,741 12,759 Additions from loans sold with servicing retained 783 505 2,081 2,474 Amortized to expense (949) (1,228) (2,945) (3,302) Ending balance 10,877 11,931 10,877 11,931 
 Loan servicing rights are reported on our Consolidated Balance Sheets and reported net of amortization. 
 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The allowance for credit losses is sensitive to numerous factors, including unemployment rate forecasts, change in asset quality, prepayment rates, and real estate indices. Given the dynamic relationship between these factors within our model, it is difficult to estimate the impact of any one factor or input on the allowance for credit losses. Changes in the factors and inputs considered may not occur at the same rate and may not be consistent across all geographies or product types. Additionally, changes in factors and input may be discretionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor may offset deterioration in others. However, to provide additional context regarding the sensitivity of the allowance for credit losses to changes in key variable, we used the following assumptions in a sensitivity analysis of our allowance for credit losses: unemployment rate forecast based on supervisory severely adverse scenario, 0 prepayment rates, loan risk grade changes of commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loan portfolio in worst case scenario based on our history, and applying a 100 weighting to severely adverse scenario. 
 
 The analysis demonstrates the sensitivity to the allowance for credit losses to key quantitative assumptions and it is not intended to estimate changes in the overall allowance for credit losses and it does not capture all the potential unknown variables that could arise in the forecast period, but it provides an approximation of a possible outcome under hypothetical severe conditions. 
 
 56 

The Company used the following assumptions in a sensitivity analysis of our allowance for credit losses: unemployment rate forecast based on supervisory severely adverse scenario, 0 prepayment rates, loan risk grade changes of commercial real estate and commercial and industrial loan portfolio in worst case scenario based on the Company history, and applying a 100 weighting to severely adverse scenario. The analysis demonstrates the sensitivity to the allowance for credit losses to key quantitative assumptions and it is not intended to estimate changes in the overall allowance for credit losses and it does not capture all the potential unknown variables that could arise in the forecast period, but it provides an approximation of a possible outcome under hypothetical severe conditions. 
 
 Collateral-dependent loans are loans where repayment is expected to be provided solely by the sale of the underlying collateral and there are no other available and reliable sources of repayment. The estimated credit losses for these loans are based on the collateral s fair value less selling costs. In most cases, the Company records a partial charge-off to reduce the loan s carrying value to the collateral s fair value less selling costs at the time of foreclosure. 
 The allowance for credit losses was 23.0 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 22.0 million as of December 31, 2023. Provision of credit losses of 448 thousand was recorded for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.4 million for the same period in 2023. Provision of credit losses of 1.2 million was recorded for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 1.0 million for the same period in 2023. 
 57 

Analysis of the Allowance for Credit Losses 
 
 The following table provides an analysis of the allowance for credit losses, provision for credit losses and net charge-offs, by category, for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023: 
 
 As of and for the Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 in thousands) Beginning Provision (Reversal) Net (Charge-offs) Recoveries Ending Beginning Provision (Reversal) Net (Charge-offs) Recoveries Ending Commercial real estate 7,926 1,481 9,407 6,784 1,171 (457) 7,498 SBA real estate 2,927 173 3,100 1,218 34 (35) 1,217 SBA non- real estate 253 58 (36) 275 55 91 4 150 Commercial and industrial 2,151 8 2,159 1,270 (115) 1,155 Home mortgage 9,499 (1,482) 2 8,019 11,472 125 11,597 Consumer 4 (4) 3 (3) Total 22,760 234 (34) (34) 22,960 20,802 1,303 (488) 21,617 Gross loans (1) 
 1,931,007 1,759,525 Average loans (1) 
 1,891,157 1,733,874 Net (charge-offs) recoveries to average gross loans (2) 
 (0.01) (0.11) Allowance for credit losses to gross loans 1.19 1.23 
 
 As of and for the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2023 in thousands) Beginning Provision (Reversal) Net (Charge-offs) Recoveries Ending Beginning Impact of CECL Adoption Provision (Reversal) Net (Charge-offs) Recoveries Ending Commercial real estate 7,915 1,492 9,407 6,951 875 220 (548) 7,498 SBA real estate 1,657 1,509 (66) 3,100 1,607 (238) (106) (46) 1,217 SBA non- real estate 147 149 (21) 275 207 (142) 84 1 150 Commercial and industrial 1,215 944 2,159 1,643 (320) (168) 1,155 Home mortgage 11,045 (3,026) 8,019 8,826 1,753 1,018 11,597 Consumer 14 (14) 7 (4) (3) Total 21,993 1,054 (87) 22,960 19,241 1,924 1,045 (593) 21,617 Gross loans (1) 
 1,931,007 1,759,525 Average loans (1) 
 1,840,592 1,709,715 Net (charge-offs) recoveries to average gross loans (2) 
 (0.01) (0.05) Allowance for credit losses to gross loans 1.19 1.23 
 (1) Excludes loans held for sale. 
 (2) Annualized 
 58 

The following table presents an allocation of the allowance for credit losses by portfolio as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 in thousands) Amount to Total Amount to Total Commercial real estate 9,407 41.0 7,915 36.0 SBA real estate 3,100 13.5 1,657 7.5 SBA non- real estate 275 1.2 147 0.7 Commercial and industrial 2,159 9.4 1,215 5.5 Home mortgage 8,019 34.9 11,045 50.2 Consumer 14 0.1 Total 22,960 100.0 21,993 100.0 

Nonperforming Assets 
 Loans are considered delinquent when principal or interest payments are past due 30 days or more. Delinquent loans may remain on accrual status between 30 days and 90 days past due. Loans on which the accrual of interest has been discontinued are designated as non-accrual loans. Typically, the accrual of interest on loans is discontinued when principal or interest payments are 90 days past due or when, in the opinion of management, there is a reasonable doubt as to collectability in the normal course of business. When loans are placed on non-accrual status, all interest previously accrued, but not collected, is reversed against current period interest income. Income on non-accrual loans is subsequently recognized only to the extent that cash is received, and the loan s principal balance is deemed collectible. Loans are restored to accrual status when loans become well-secured and management believes full collectability of principal and interest is probable. 
 Nonperforming loans include loans that are 90 days past due and still accruing, loans accounted for on a non-accrual basis, and accruing restructured loans. Nonperforming assets consist of nonperforming loans plus other real estate owned ("OREO"). 
 Nonperforming loans were 3.6 million as of September 30, 2024, compared to 6.1 million as of December 31, 2023. Nonperforming loans excluded the guaranteed portion of SBA loans of 11.1 million and 2.0 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Real estate we acquire as a result of foreclosure or by deed-in-lieu of foreclosure is classified as OREO until being sold, and is initially recorded at fair value less costs to sell when acquired, establishing a new cost basis. As of September 30, 2024, OREO totaled 1.2 million, which is secured by a mix-use property in Los Angeles with 90 guaranteed by SBA. There was no OREO as of December 31, 2023. 
 
 59 

The following table sets forth the allocation of our nonperforming assets among our different asset categories as of the dates indicated. Nonperforming loans include non-accrual loans, loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing interest, and loans modified under troubled debt restructurings. 
 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Nonaccrual loans 3,620 6,082 Past due loans 90 days or more and still accruing Total nonperforming loans (1) 
 3,620 6,082 Other real estate owned 1,237 Total nonperforming assets 4,857 6,082 Nonperforming loans to gross loans 0.19 0.34 Nonperforming assets to total assets 0.20 0.28 Allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans 634 362 
 (1) Excludes guaranteed portion of SBA loans of 11.1 million and 2.0 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Deposits and Other Sources of Funds 
 We gather deposits primarily through our branch locations. We offer a variety of deposit products including demand deposits accounts, interest-bearing products, savings accounts and certificate of deposits. We dedicate continuing effort into gathering noninterest demand deposits accounts through marketing to our existing and new loan customers, customer referrals, our marketing staff and various involvement with community networks. 
 
 The following table show the composition of deposits by type as of the dates presented: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 in thousands) Amount Percent Amount Percent Noninterest-bearing demand 561,801 27.3 522,751 28.9 Interest-bearing: Money market and others 343,188 16.6 399,018 22.1 Time deposits (greater than 250) 564,547 27.3 433,892 24.0 Time deposits 250 or less) 595,067 28.8 451,897 25.0 Total interest-bearing 1,502,802 72.7 1,284,807 71.1 Total deposits 2,064,603 100.0 1,807,558 100.0 
 
 The following tables set forth the maturity of time deposits as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 Maturity Within: in thousands) Three Months Three to Six Months Six to Twelve Months After Twelve Months Total Time deposits (greater than 250) 205,957 189,693 167,641 1,256 564,547 Time deposits 250 or less) 261,163 124,315 189,765 19,824 595,067 Total time deposits 467,120 314,008 357,406 21,080 1,159,614 
 Other than deposits, we also utilized FHLB advances as a supplementary funding source to finance our operations. The advances from the FHLB are collateralized by residential and commercial real estate loans. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, we had maximum borrowing capacity from the FHLB of 650.7 million and 655.9 million, respectively. We had borrowings from FHLB of 75.0 million and 105.0 million as of September 30, 2024 and 
 60 

December 31, 2023, respectively. The Company had estimated uninsured deposits of 946.4 million, or 45.8 of total deposits, and 781.0 million, or 43.2 of total deposits, as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Liquidity refers to our ability to meet the cash flow requirements of depositors and borrowers, while at the same time meeting our operating, capital and strategic cash flow needs, while effectively balancing the related costs. We continuously monitor our liquidity position to ensure that assets and liabilities are managed in a manner that will meet all short-term and long-term cash requirements. We manage our liquidity position to meet the daily cash flow needs of customers, while maintaining an appropriate balance between assets and liabilities to meet the return on investment objectives of our shareholders. Our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements are primarily met through cash flow from operations, redeployment of prepaying and maturing balances in our loan and investment portfolios, and increases in customer deposits. Other alternative sources of funds will supplement these primary sources to the extent necessary to meet additional liquidity requirements on either a short-term or long-term basis. 
 
 Deposits are the primary funding source for the Bank. Deposits provide a stable source of funding and reduce our reliance on the wholesale funding markets. The following table presents the loan and deposit balances, the loans-to-deposit ratios, and deposits as a percentage of total liabilities as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
 in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Deposits 2,064,603 1,807,558 Deposits as a of total liabilities 94.5 92.5 Loans, net 1,908,047 1,743,852 Loans-to-deposits ratio 92.4 96.5 
 In addition to deposits, we have access to various sources of wholesale funding, as well as borrowing capacity at the FHLB, Federal Reserve, and correspondent banks to sustain an adequate liquid asset portfolio, meet daily cash demands and allow management flexibility to execute the business strategy. Economic conditions and the stability of capital markets impact the access to and the cost of wholesale funding. The access to capital markets is also affected by the ratings received from various credit rating agencies. 
 We had 100.0 million of unsecured federal funds lines with no amounts advanced as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. In addition, on such dates we had lines of credit from the Federal Reserve discount window of 207.8 million and 183.0 million, respectively. The Federal Reserve discount window lines were collateralized by a pool of commercial real estate loans and commercial and industrial loans totaling 278.9 million and 251.0 million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. We did not have any borrowings outstanding with the Federal Reserve as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023, and our borrowing capacity is limited only by eligible collateral. 
 Based on the values of loans pledged as collateral, we had 397.6 million of additional borrowing availability with the FHLB as of September 30, 2024. We also maintain relationships in the capital markets with brokers to issue certificates of deposit and money market accounts. 
 We maintain ample access to liquidity, including highly liquid assets on our balance sheet and available unused borrowings from other financial institutions. The following table presents our liquid assets and available borrowings as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 
 61 

in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Liquid assets: Cash and cash equivalents 166,756 91,216 82.8 AFS debt securities 199,373 194,250 2.6 Liquid assets 366,129 285,466 28.3 Liquid assets to total deposits 17.7 15.8 Available borrowings: FHLB 397,617 363,615 9.4 Federal Reserve Bank 207,782 182,989 13.5 Pacific Coast Bankers Bank 50,000 50,000 Zions Bank 25,000 25,000 First Horizon Bank 25,000 25,000 Total available borrowings 705,399 646,604 9.1 Total available borrowings to total deposits 34.2 35.8 Liquid assets and available borrowings to total deposits 51.9 51.6 
 The following tables summarizes short- and long-term material cash requirements as of September 30, 2024, which we believe that we will be able to fund these obligations through cash generated from our operations and available alternative sources of funds: 
 
 Material Cash Requirements in thousands) Within One Year One to Three Years Three to Five Years After Five Years Indeterminable maturity (1) 
 Total Deposits (1) 
 467,121 691,737 756 904,989 2,064,603 Operating lease commitments 2,087 4,563 3,402 876 10,928 Advances from FHLB (2) 
 75,000 75,000 Commitments to fund investment for Low Income Housing Tax Credit 4,864 2,978 258 487 8,587 Total contractual obligations 549,072 699,278 4,416 1,363 904,989 2,159,118 
 (1) Includes deposits with no defined maturity, such as noninterest-bearing demand, savings and money market. 
 (2) Excludes accrued interest. 
 In addition to contractual obligations, other commitments of us impact liquidity. These include unused commitments to extend credit, standby letters of credit and commercial letters of credit. Since many of these commitments expire without being drawn upon, and each customer must continue to meet the conditions established in the contract, the total amount of these commercial commitments does not necessarily represent the future cash requirements of us. Our liquidity sources have been, and are expected to be, sufficient to meet the cash requirements of our lending activities. Information about our loan commitments, standby letters of credit and commercial letters of credit is provided in Note 9. Commitments and Contingencies to the unaudited consolidated financial statements in this Report. 

Capital Requirements 
 We are subject to various regulatory capital requirements administered by the federal and state banking regulators, although, as a smaller bank holding company, we are not subject to most of these standards at the holding company level. These standards are, however, applicable to the Bank, and failure to meet regulatory capital requirements may result in certain mandatory and possible additional discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on our consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action , the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of our assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting policies. The capital 
 62 

amounts and classifications are subject to qualitative judgments by the federal banking regulators regarding components, risk weightings and other factors. Qualitative measures established by regulation to ensure capital adequacy required us to maintain minimum amounts and various ratios of CET1 capital, Tier 1 capital and total capital to risk-weighted assets and of Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets, referred to as the leverage ratio. 
 
 The table below also summarizes the capital requirements applicable to us and the Bank in order to be considered well-capitalized from a regulatory perspective, as well as our and the Bank s capital ratios as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. The Bank exceeded all regulatory capital requirements under the Basel III Capital Rules and were considered to be well-capitalized as of the dates reflected in the table below. As of September 30, 2024, the FDIC categorized us as well-capitalized under the prompt corrective action framework. There have been no conditions or events since September 30, 2024 that management believes would change this classification. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 Actual (1) 
 Regulatory Capital Ratio Requirements Minimum to be Considered "Well Capitalized" Regulatory Capital Ratio Requirements, including fully phased in Capital Conservation Buffer in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) Consolidated 240,012 12.79 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank 238,097 12.69 150,106 8.00 187,632 10.00 197,014 10.50 Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Consolidated 217,123 11.57 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank 215,208 11.47 112,579 6.00 150,106 8.00 159,487 8.50 CET1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Consolidated 217,123 11.57 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank 215,208 11.47 84,435 4.50 121,961 6.50 131,343 7.00 Tier 1 leverage (to average assets) Consolidated 217,123 9.30 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank 215,208 9.22 93,362 4.00 116,703 5.00 93,362 4.00 
 (1) The capital requirements are only applicable to the Bank, and our ratios are included for comparison purpose. 
 
 63 

As of December 31, 2023 Actual (1) 
 Regulatory Capital Ratio Requirements Minimum to be Considered "Well Capitalized" Regulatory Capital Ratio Requirements, including fully phased in Capital Conservation Buffer in thousands) Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Amount Ratio Total capital (to risk-weighted assets) Consolidated 229,544 13.77 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank 227,773 13.66 133,353 8.00 166,691 10.00 175,025 10.50 Tier 1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Consolidated 208,707 12.52 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank 206,936 12.41 100,014 6.00 133,353 8.00 141,687 8.50 CET1 capital (to risk-weighted assets) Consolidated 208,707 12.52 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank 206,936 12.41 75,011 4.50 108,349 6.50 116,684 7.00 Tier 1 leverage (to average assets) Consolidated 208,707 9.57 N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A N/A Bank 206,936 9.49 87,207 4.00 109,008 5.00 87,207 4.00 
 (1) The capital requirements are only applicable to the Bank, and our ratios are included for comparison purpose. 
 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Market risk represents the risk of loss due to changes in market values of assets and liabilities. We incur market risk in the normal course of business through exposures to market interest rates, equity prices, and credit spreads. We have identified interest rate risk as our primary source of market risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 Interest rate risk is the risk to earnings and value arising from changes in market interest rates. Interest rate risk arises from timing differences in the repricing and maturities of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities (repricing risk), changes in the expected maturities of assets and liabilities arising from embedded options, such as borrowers ability to prepay home mortgage loans at any time and depositors ability to redeem certificates of deposit before maturity (option risk), changes in the shape of the yield curve where interest rates increase or decrease in a nonparallel fashion (yield curve risk), and changes in spread relationships between different yield curves, such as U.S. Treasuries and SOFR (basis risk). 
 Our board s asset liability committee, or ALM, establishes broad policy limits with respect to interest rate risk. Our management s asset liability committee, or ALCO, establishes specific operating guidelines within the parameters of the policies set by the ALM. In general, we seek to minimize the impact of changing interest rates on net interest income and the economic values of assets and liabilities. Our ALCO monitors the level of interest rate risk sensitivity on a quarterly basis to ensure compliance with the ALM-approved risk limits. The policy requires a periodic review of all key assumptions used, such as identifying appropriate interest rate scenarios, setting loan prepayment rates based on historical analysis, and noninterest-bearing and interest-bearing deposit durations based on historical analysis. 
 Interest rate risk management is an active process that encompasses monitoring loan and deposit flows complemented by investment and funding activities. Effective management of interest rate risk begins with understanding the dynamic characteristics of assets and liabilities and determining the appropriate interest rate risk posture given business forecasts, management objectives, market expectations, and policy constraints. 
 An asset sensitive position refers to a balance sheet position in which an increase in short-term interest rates is expected to generate higher net interest income, as rates earned on our interest-earning assets would reprice upward more quickly than rates paid on our interest-bearing liabilities, thus expanding our net interest margin. Conversely, a liability sensitive position refers to a balance sheet position in which an increase in short-term interest rates is expected to generate 
 64 

lower net interest income, as rates paid on our interest-bearing liabilities would reprice upward more quickly than rates earned on our interest-earning assets, thus compressing our net interest margin. 
 Interest rate risk measurement is calculated and reported to the ALCO and ALM at least quarterly. The information reported includes period-end results and identifies any policy limits exceeded, along with an assessment of the policy limit breach and the action plan and timeline for resolution, mitigation, or assumption of the risk. 
 Evaluation of Interest Rate Risk 
 We use a net interest income simulation model to measure and evaluate potential changes in our net interest income. We run various hypothetical interest rate scenarios at least quarterly and compare these results against a scenario with no changes in interest rates. We use two approaches to model interest rate risk: Earnings at Risk, or EAR, and Economic Value of Equity, or EVE. Under EAR, net interest income is modeled utilizing various assumptions for assets and liabilities. EVE measures the period end market value of assets minus the market value of liabilities and the change in this value as rates change. EVE is a period end measurement. 
 Our simulation model incorporates various assumptions, which we believe are reasonable but which may have a significant impact on results such as: (i) the timing of changes in interest rates; (ii) shifts or rotations in the yield curve; (iii) re-pricing characteristics for market-rate-sensitive instruments; (iv) varying loan prepayment speeds for different interest rate scenarios; and (v) the overall growth and mix of assets and liabilities. Because of limitations inherent in any approach used to measure interest rate risk, simulation results are not intended as a forecast of the actual effect of a change in market interest rates on our results but rather as a means to better plan and execute appropriate asset-liability management strategies and manage our interest rate risk. 
 Potential changes to our net interest income in hypothetical rising and declining rate scenarios calculated as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 are presented in the following table. The projections assume (1) immediate, parallel shifts downward of the yield curve of 100, 200 and 300 basis points and (2) immediate, parallel shifts upward of the yield curve of 100, 200, and 300 basis points over 12 months. 
 
 Net Interest Sensitivity Economic Value of Equity Sensitivity September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 +300 basis points 3.01 1.57 (20.23) (41.40) +200 basis points 2.51 2.39 (8.93) (18.75) +100 basis points 1.38 1.54 (2.31) (6.32) -100 basis points (1.20) (0.97) 0.60 5.58 -200 basis points 0.19 (0.14) (5.19) 3.41 -300 basis points 2.94 1.77 (14.74) (3.47) 
 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures 
 The Company s management, including our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), as of the end of the period covered in this Report. Based on such evaluation, our President and Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer have concluded that, as of the end of such period, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of that date to provide reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC and that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its President and Chief Executive Officer and its Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 65 

Changes in internal control over financial reporting 
 There have not been any changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act), during the period covered by this Report, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 66 

PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 In the normal course of business, we are subject to legal proceedings or claims. Management has reviewed all legal claims against us and possible loss contingencies, and does not expect the amounts to be material to any of the consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Readers should consider the matters discussed in the section captioned Part II, Item 1A. Risk Factors, set forth in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 Annual Report ), for a list of known risks and uncertainties that could affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and cash flows, and could cause our actual results to vary materially from those expressed in this Report and our other public filings. Except as expressly set forth below, there have been no material changes from the risk factors described in the Company's Annual Report. Other factors besides those described in our Annual Report or discussed elsewhere in our other reports filed with or furnished to the SEC could affect our business or results. Readers should not consider any description of such factors to be a complete set of all potential risks that the Company faces. 
 
 Interruptions, cyberattacks, fraudulent activity or other security breaches may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Our business is highly dependent on the collection, storage, transmittal, sharing, processing and retention of information about our customers and employees. To accomplish these activities, we rely heavily upon electronic infrastructure that we own or that we obtain via license or other contractual arrangements with third parties. These technologies affect, among other things, our customers ability to access and transfer funds, initiate and pay loans and leases, communicate with our customer service teams, and engage in a variety of other activities that form the foundation of modern financial services businesses. Likewise, our employee data and related technologies allow us to communicate with our employees about routine and extraordinary matters, compensate our staff, maintain timekeeping, payroll and benefits records, and comply with an increasingly complex web of labor and employment laws and regulations. The loss, interruption or disruption of these systems may damage our relationships with customers and correspondingly may harm our reputation. Compromises or interruptions in our employment-related systems may cause challenges in our relationships with our employees, upon whom we are heavily dependent in the conduct of our business and the development and maintenance of our relationships with customers and prospective customers. 
 
 There have been a number of recent and well-publicized incidents involving various types of cybersecurity lapses, some of which have had substantial adverse impacts upon targeted businesses and on customers of even some of the world s most prominent cybersecurity and financial services firms. Similarly, extremely sophisticated criminal and nation-state organizations routinely target and exploit information technology networks, data systems, and other critical infrastructure. One of the most prominent recent events resulted in a widespread failure of a large cybersecurity platform, some of the consequences of which are not yet, and may not soon be, fully known or estimable. 
 
 We devote significant resources and management focus to ensuring the integrity of our systems against cybercriminals and similar actors, as well as against threats from fires and other natural disasters; power or telecommunications failures; acts of terrorism or wars or other catastrophic events; breaches, physical break-ins or errors resulting in interruptions and unauthorized disclosure of confidential information, through information security and business continuity programs. Likewise, we have made, and we continue to make, substantial investments in systems that are intended to protect against these vulnerabilities, including real-time threat detection and warning, security programs and protocols, backup and alternative-access systems, virus and malware protection programs, and a wide variety of other protective measures. 
 
 Notwithstanding these investments, cybersecurity measures are, by their nature, largely reactive, and threats are constantly evolving. We expect that the development of AI-based technologies will accelerate both the number and the sophistication of these threats. We routinely experience attempts to exploit our networks and systems, and we must continue investing in increasingly advanced (and concomitantly expensive) technology to counteract these threats. Further, if our systems cannot timely detect and mitigate vulnerabilities, or cannot promptly respond to threats, we may experience damage to or interruptions in the availability of our computer networks, or we may experience a loss of data, unauthorized use or disclosure of customer information, or a loss of customer funds as a result of unauthorized access to customer 
 67 

accounts. Likewise, breaches of our payroll, benefits, and other employee-related systems may give rise to liability under employment laws and may damage our relationships with our employees. 
 
 Disruptions or failures in the physical infrastructure, controls or operating systems that support our businesses and customers, failures of the third parties on which we rely to adequately or appropriately provide their services or perform their responsibilities, or our failure to effectively manage or oversee our third-party relationships, could result in business disruptions, loss of revenue or customers, legal or regulatory proceedings, remediation and other costs, violations of applicable privacy and other laws, reputational damage, customer harm, or other adverse consequences, any of which could materially adversely affect our results of operations or financial condition. Further, new and evolving SEC regulations, as well as federal and state banking and consumer privacy laws and regulations, could require us to provide notices of security breaches. Such disclosures could result in increased regulatory scrutiny, exacerbate our potential legal liability, and result in a loss of confidence in the security of our systems or an adverse perception of our products and services. 
 
 The access by unauthorized persons to, or the improper disclosure by us or our third-party vendors of, confidential information regarding our customers or our own proprietary information, software, methodologies and business secrets, failures or disruptions in our communications, information and technology systems, or our failure to adequately address them, could negatively affect our customer relationship management, online banking, accounting or other systems. We cannot assure readers that such breaches, failures or interruptions will not occur or, if they do occur, that they will be adequately addressed by us or the third parties on which we rely. 
 
 Accordingly, any failures or interruptions of our communications, information and technology systems could damage our reputation, result in a loss of customer business, subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny or expose us to civil litigation and possible financial liability, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 Our cybersecurity investments may create unforeseen implementation challenges that confer unexpected disruptions, unbudgeted costs, or delays in adaptation to crucial threats. 
 
 Enhancements and upgrades to our infrastructure or computer systems may be time-consuming, may entail significant costs, and may themselves create risks associated with implementing new systems and integrating them with existing ones. Due to the complexity and interconnectedness of our systems, the process of enhancing our infrastructure and operating systems, including their security measures and controls, also can create an inherent risk of system disruptions and security issues. Similarly, we may not be able to timely recover critical business processes or operations that have been disrupted, which may further increase any associated costs and consequences of such disruptions. Although we have enterprise incident response processes, business continuity plans and other safeguards in place to help provide operational resiliency, our business operations may be adversely affected by significant and widespread disruption to our physical infrastructure or computer systems that support our businesses and customers. 
 
 Our relatively small size requires us to be heavily reliant upon third-party vendors for cybersecurity expertise. Those vendors may themselves be subject to vulnerabilities, and their failures may be harmful to our business. 
 
 As a smaller bank holding company and a small community bank, we lack the resources available to larger institutions to recruit, train and retain a large staff focused on data security. Instead, like most community banks, we rely heavily on third-party vendors and other service providers for these functions. As financial institutions and technology systems become more interconnected and more complex, any operational incident at a third party, such as a vendor or customer, may increase our operational risks, including from information breaches or loss, breakdowns, disruptions or failures of their own systems or infrastructure, or any deficiencies in the performance of their responsibilities. These risks are increased to the extent we rely on a single-source vendor or provider. If a third-party vendor or service provider is not fully effective in assisting us in protecting our data and systems, we may be held responsible for any resulting failures, and even a failure by a third party could damage or jeopardize our relationships with our customers. Further, a recent and well-publicized cybersecurity incident involving the failure of one of the world s most sophisticated security platforms resulted in extensive outages of that provider s customer systems, the effect of which was a cascading failure of several of that firm s clients networks. Such interruptions, occurring as a result of the acts or omissions of one or more of our vendors, could result in liability to our customers, as well as reputational harm and a potential interruption of our business. 
 
 Cybersecurity incidents, failures or lapses could give rise to regulatory harms to the Company or the Bank. 
 
 68 

As cybersecurity threats become increasingly widespread and sophisticated, federal and state banking and privacy regulations are becoming correspondingly complex and prevalent, and the penalties for the actual or suspected violations of such rules are becoming increasingly substantial. Accordingly, we must meet stringent and increasingly costly regulatory requirements regarding our own obligations, as well as our reliance on third-party service providers, and any failure by us or our third-party service providers to comply with applicable laws, rules, regulations, or internal policies could result in the Company or the Bank becoming subject to fines, penalties, or business restrictions, as well as to increased costs to remediate any actual or perceived deficiencies and potentially to legal and other costs associated with defending against such regulatory sanctions. 

Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 
 None. 

Item 3. Defaults Upon Senior Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 
 . 
 
 69 

Item 6. Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Description 3.1 Articles of Incorporation of OP Bancorp (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement (Registration No. 333-223444) filed on March 5, 2018) 
 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of OP Bancorp (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Form S-1 Registration Statement (Registration No. 333-223444) filed on March 5, 2018) 
 3.3 First Amendment to the Amended and Restated Bylaws of OP Bancorp (incorporated herein by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-38437) filed on March 15, 2021) 
 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, filed herewith. 
 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document, filed herewith. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document, filed herewith. 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document, filed herewith. 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document, filed herewith. 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document, filed herewith. 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document, filed herewith. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibits 101) 
 
 70 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized . 
 OP Bancorp Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: /s/ MIN J. KIM Min J. Kim 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 (Duly Authorized Officer) 
 Date: November 14, 2024 
 By: /s/ CHRISTINE Y. OH Christine Y. Oh 
 Executive Vice President Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

71 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 opbk-20240930x10qexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Min J. Kim, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OP Bancorp (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principle 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 By s MIN J. KIM Min J. Kim President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 opbk-20240930x10qexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Christine Y. Oh, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of OP Bancorp (the registrant 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principle 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 By s CHRISTINE Y. OH Christine Y. Oh Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 opbk-20240930x10qexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Min J. Kim, President and Chief Executive Officer of OP Bancorp (the registrant ), hereby certifies that, to the best of knowledge 
 (1) The registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the registrant. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 By s MIN J. KIM Min J. Kim President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 opbk-20240930x10qexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with 18 U.S.C Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, I, Christine Y. Oh, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of OP Bancorp (the registrant ), hereby certifies that, to the best of knowledge 
 (1) The registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 
 Date November 14, 2024 
 By s CHRISTINE Y. OH Christine Y. Oh Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 opbk-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 opbk-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 opbk-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 opbk-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 opbk-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

