<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241029_10-Q_edgar_data_1439288_0001439288-24-000168.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7027132</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>90814</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1248700</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2607111</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1541306</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1376473</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001439288-24-000168.hdr.sgml : 20241029
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029161245
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001439288-24-000168
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		88
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241029
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001439288
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	GENERAL INDUSTRIAL MACHINERY & EQUIPMENT [3560]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				205197013
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-35475
		FILM NUMBER:		241405863

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		511 WEST FRESHWATER WAY
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53204
		BUSINESS PHONE:		414-643-3000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		511 WEST FRESHWATER WAY
		CITY:			MILWAUKEE
		STATE:			WI
		ZIP:			53204

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Zurn Water Solutions Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20211005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rexnord Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20110523

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Rexnord Holdings, Inc
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20080707

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001439288-24-000168.txt : 20241029

10-Q
 1
 zws-20240930.htm
 10-Q

zws-20240930 
 
 Table of Contents 

 UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, DC 20549 
 _________________________________________________ 
 FORM (Mark one) QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the quarter ended 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from to 
 Commission File Number: 
 _________________________________________________ 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 (State or Other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Zip Code) (Address of Principal Executive Offices) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class Trading Symbol(s) Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by checkmark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 229.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 12b-2). Yes No 
 Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the issuer's classes of common stock, as of the latest practicable date. 
 Class Outstanding at October 25, 2024 
 Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share shares 

Table of Contents 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Part I FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Financial Statements 
 4 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 24 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 32 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 33 
 Part II OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 34 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 34 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 34 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 35 
 Signature s 
 36 

2 

Table of Contents 

 Private Securities Litigation Reform Act Safe Harbor Statement 
 Our disclosure and analysis in this report concerning our operations, cash flows and financial position, including, in particular, the likelihood of our success in developing and expanding our business and the realization of sales from our backlog, include forward-looking statements. Statements that are predictive in nature, that depend upon or refer to future events or conditions, or that include words such as expects, anticipates, intends, plans, believes, estimates and similar expressions are forward-looking statements. Although these statements are based upon reasonable assumptions, including projections of orders, sales, operating margins, earnings, cash flows, research and development costs, working capital and capital expenditures, they are subject to risks and uncertainties that are described more fully herein and in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, in Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors and in Part I under the heading "Cautionary Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements", as well as in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Accordingly, we can give no assurance that we will achieve the results anticipated or implied by our forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to publicly update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events, or otherwise, except as required by law. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

 PART I - FINANCIAL INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 (in Millions, except share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Receivables, net Inventories, net Income taxes receivable Other current assets Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets Liabilities and stockholders' equity Current liabilities: Current maturities of debt Trade payables Compensation and benefits Current portion of pension and postretirement benefit obligations Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Pension and postretirement benefit obligations Deferred income taxes Operating lease liability Other liabilities Total liabilities Stockholders' equity: Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding: at September 30, 2024 and at December 31, 2023 
 Additional paid-in capital Retained deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total stockholders' equity Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 (in Millions, except share and per share amounts) 
 (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring and other similar charges Amortization of intangible assets Income from operations Non-operating expense: Interest expense, net ) ) ) ) Other expense, net ) ) ) ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes ) ) ) ) Net income from continuing operations Income from discontinued operations, net of tax Net income Basic net income per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Net income Diluted net income per share: Continuing operations Discontinued operations Net income Weighted-average number of shares outstanding (in thousands): Basic Effect of dilutive equity awards Diluted 
 
 See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 
 5 

Table of Contents 

 Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 (in Millions) 
 (Unaudited) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive income 
 
 See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 (in Millions) 
 (Unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation Amortization of intangible assets Non-cash restructuring charges Loss on dispositions of long-lived assets Deferred income taxes ) ) Other non-cash expenses Stock-based compensation expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Receivables, net ) ) Inventories, net ) Other assets Accounts payable ) Accruals and other ) Cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Expenditures for property, plant and equipment ) ) Proceeds from dispositions of long-lived assets Proceeds from insurance claims Cash used for investing activities ) ) Financing activities Proceeds from borrowings of debt Repayments of debt ) ) Proceeds from exercise of stock options and ESPP contributions Taxes withheld and paid on employees' share-based payment awards ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Payment of common stock dividends ) ) Cash used for financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash ) Increase in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 
 
 See notes to the condensed consolidated financial statements. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation and Subsidiaries 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 September 30, 2024 
 (Unaudited) 

1. 
 million was recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. See Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies, for additional information on the Sale Transaction. 
 Elkay Merger 
 On July 1, 2022, Zurn Water Solutions Corporation ("Zurn") completed its combination with Elkay Manufacturing Company Elkay through the Merger of Elkay with and into a newly created subsidiary of the Company, with Elkay surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Zurn Elkay (the Merger or "Elkay Transaction"). The Company's results of operations include the acquired operations subsequent to July 1, 2022. See Note 2, Acquisition, for additional information on the Elkay Transaction. 
 The Company 
 Zurn Elkay is a growth-oriented, pure-play water management business that designs, procures, manufactures, and markets what the Company believes to be the broadest sustainable product portfolio of specification-driven water management solutions to improve health, hydration, human safety and the environment. The Company's product portfolio includes professional grade water safety and control products, flow systems products, hygienic and environmental products, and filtered drinking water products for public and private spaces that deliver superior value to building owners, positively impact the environment and human hygiene and reduce product installation time. The Company's heritage of innovation and specification has allowed it to provide highly-engineered, mission-critical solutions to customers for decades and affords it the privilege of having long-term, valued relationships with market leaders. The Company operates in a disciplined way and the Zurn Elkay Business System ZEBS is its operating philosophy. Grounded in the spirit of continuous improvement, ZEBS creates a scalable, process-based framework that focuses on driving superior customer satisfaction and financial results by targeting world-class operating performance throughout all aspects of its business. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 2. 
 million. Elkay, a market leader of drinking water solutions and commercial sinks, complements the Company's existing product portfolio. The purchase price includes million of Zurn's common stock based on Zurn's closing stock price of on July 1, 2022, and million of net cash payments for the repayment of Elkay's term loan and Elkay's transaction related costs outstanding that were in excess of Elkay's cash and cash equivalents at the time of closing. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, the Company issued shares of its common stock, which represented approximately of outstanding shares immediately following the Merger. During the first quarter of 2023, we completed the final price adjustments and the adjusted purchase price is reflected in the purchase price amounts above, following the return of of the shares issued at closing to the Company as a result of lower working capital and cash balances at closing compared to targets stipulated in the merger agreement. The shares returned to the Company were canceled upon receipt. 
 In accordance with the merger agreement, at closing the Company increased the size of its Board of Directors to members and appointed directors designated by Elkay. As of September 30, 2024, the Board of Directors consisted of members, including director designated by Elkay. Zurn senior management immediately prior to the consummation of the Elkay Merger remained as the executive officers of the Company immediately after the Elkay Merger. The Company's management determined that the Company is the accounting acquirer in the Elkay Merger based on the facts and circumstances noted within this section and other relevant factors. As such, the Company applied the acquisition method of accounting to the identifiable assets and liabilities of the Elkay business, which were measured at estimated fair value as of the date of the business combination. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value assigned to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed was recorded as goodwill, which is not deductible for tax purposes. 
 Elkay s assets and liabilities were measured at estimated fair values at July 1, 2022, primarily using Level 3 inputs. Estimates of fair value represent management s best estimate of assumptions about future events and uncertainties, including significant judgments related to future cash flows, discount rates, competitive trends, margin and revenue growth assumptions including royalty rates and customer attrition rates and others. Inputs used were generally obtained from historical data supplemented by current and anticipated market conditions and growth rates expected as of the Merger date. 
 As of June 30, 2023, the valuation process to determine the fair values of the net assets acquired during the measurement period was complete. 
 Inventories Other current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Intangible assets, net Goodwill Other assets Total assets acquired Liabilities assumed: Trade payables Compensation and benefits Current portion of pension and postretirement benefit obligations Other current liabilities Operating lease liability Pension and postretirement benefit obligations Deferred income taxes Other liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total purchase price 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 Contract termination and other associated costs Total restructuring and other similar charges 
 Charges Cash payments ) ) ) Non-cash charges (2) ) ) Accrued restructuring costs, September 30, 2024 (1) ____________________ 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the restructuring accrual is included in other current liabilities in the condensed consolidated balance sheets. 
 (2) Non-cash charges consist primarily of asset impairments based on Level 3 inputs. 

4. 
 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 Income from discontinued operations before income tax Income tax (expense) benefit ) ) Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 
 (1) Selling, general and administrative income includes the reversal of certain accruals as a result of costs the Company will no longer incur related to the Spin-Off Transaction. 

5. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Commercial All other Total 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended Geography September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 United States Canada Rest of world Total 
 Contract Balances 
 of the contract value when the product ships and payment is generally due days from shipment. Certain contracts include longer payment periods; however, the Company has elected to utilize the practical expedient in which the Company will only recognize a financing component to the sale if payment is due more than one year from the date of shipment. 
 Contract liabilities and contract assets as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were not material. 
 Backlog 
 The Company had backlog of million as of September 30, 2024, which represents the most likely amount of consideration expected to be received in satisfying the remaining backlog under open contracts. The Company expects to recognize approximately of the backlog in the remaining of the year ending December 31, 2024, and the remaining approximately in 2025 and beyond. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the contract assets capitalized, as well as amortization recognized in the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, are not significant and impairment losses were recognized. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The Company assesses the collectability of customer receivables based on the credit worthiness of a customer as determined by credit checks and analysis, as well as the customer s payment history. In determining the allowance for credit losses, the Company also considers various factors, including the aging of customer accounts and historical write-offs. In addition, the Company monitors other risk factors, including forward-looking information when establishing allowances for credit losses, which reflects the current estimate of credit losses expected to be incurred over the life of the receivables. 

6. 
 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The effective income tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was versus for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The effective income tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the three months ended September 30, 2023 was above the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the accrual of additional income taxes associated with compensation deduction limitations under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, the accrual of various state income taxes and the accrual of foreign income taxes, which are generally above the U.S. federal statutory rate, partially offset by the recognition of income tax benefits associated with share-based payments . 
 The income tax provision was million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was versus for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The effective income tax rate for 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized income tax benefits in income tax expense. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits includes gross accrued interest and penalties of million and million, respectively. The Company recognized ) million and million of net interest and penalties as income tax (benefit) expense during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company conducts business in multiple locations within and outside the U.S. Consequently, the Company is subject to periodic income tax examinations by domestic and foreign income tax authorities. In accordance with the terms of the sale agreement relating to a group of certain previously owned legal entities (the parent of which was VAG Holding GbmH, VAG ), the Company is required to indemnify the purchaser for any future income tax liabilities associated with all open tax years ended prior to, and including, the short period ended on the date of the Company's sale of VAG. VAG was notified by the German tax authorities of its intention to conduct an income tax examination of the VAG German entities corporate income and trade tax returns for the tax years ended March 31, 2014 through 2020. Similarly, in accordance with the Spin-Off Transaction, the Company is required to indemnify Regal Rexnord Corporation for any future income tax liabilities associated with PMC entities relating to all open tax years ended prior to, and including, the short period ended on the date of the Spin-Off. There are currently a number of ongoing tax examinations being conducted by the applicable tax authorities in Germany with respect to certain PMC entities. It appears reasonably possible that the amounts of unrecognized income tax benefits and indemnification liabilities could change in the next twelve months upon conclusion of the current ongoing examinations; however, any potential payments of income tax, interest and penalties are not expected to be significant to the Company's consolidated financial statements. With certain exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to U.S. federal income tax examinations for tax years ended prior to December 31, 2020, state and local income tax examinations for years ended prior to March 31, 2020 or significant foreign income tax examinations for years ended prior to March 31, 2019. 
 
 7. 
 million shares due to their anti-dilutive effects. The computation for diluted net income per share for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 excludes million shares due to their anti-dilutive effects. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 8. 
 ) ) Total comprehensive income ) Stock-based compensation expense Proceeds from exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) ) Elkay Merger (2) ) ) Common stock issued to fund defined contribution plans Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance at March 31, 2023 ) ) Total comprehensive income Stock-based compensation expense Proceeds from exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance at June 30, 2023 ) ) Total comprehensive income ) Stock-based compensation expense Proceeds from exercise of stock options Taxes withheld and paid on employees' share-based payment awards ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2023 ) ) Common stock (1) Additional paid-in capital Retained deficit Accumulated other comprehensive loss Total stockholders equity Balance at December 31, 2023 ) ) Total comprehensive income ) Stock-based compensation expense Proceeds from exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance at March 31, 2024 ) ) Total comprehensive income ) Stock-based compensation expense Proceeds from exercise of stock options Repurchase of common stock ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance at June 30, 2024 ) ) Total comprehensive income Stock-based compensation expense Proceeds from exercise of stock options and ESPP contributions Taxes withheld and paid on employees' share-based payment awards ) ) Repurchase of common stock ) ) Common stock dividends per share) 
 ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 15 

Table of Contents 

 and shares of common stock, upon the exercise of stock options, vesting of restricted stock units and performance stock units, and for other common stock issuances, respectively. During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company issued and shares of common stock, upon the exercise of stock options, vesting of restricted stock units, and for other common stock issuances, respectively. 
 (2) During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, of the shares issued at closing of the Elkay Merger were returned to the Company as a result of lower working capital and cash balances at closing compared to targets stipulated in the Merger Agreement. The shares returned to the Company were canceled upon receipt. Refer to Note 2 , Acquisition for additional information. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 During fiscal 2015, the Company's Board of Directors approved a common stock repurchase program (the "Repurchase Program") authorizing the repurchase of up to million of the Company's common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. On January 27, 2020, the Company's Board of Directors approved increasing the remaining share repurchase authority under the Repurchase Program to million. On February 8, 2023, the Company's Board of Directors approved increasing the remaining share repurchase authority under the Repurchase Program to million. The Repurchase Program does not require the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock and does not specify the timing of purchases or the prices to be paid; however, the program will continue until the maximum amount of dollars authorized have been expended or until it is modified or terminated by the Board of Directors. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased shares of common stock at a total cost of million at an average price of per share. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased shares of common stock at a total cost of million at an average price of per share. During the three months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased shares of common stock at a total cost of million at an average price of per share. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company repurchased shares of common stock at a total cost of million at an average price of per share. The repurchased shares were canceled by the Company upon receipt. Approximately million of the existing authority remained under the Repurchase Program at September 30, 2024. 
 
 9.) ) Other comprehensive loss before reclassifications ) ) Net current period other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at September 30, 2024 ) ) 
 There were amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive loss to net income during the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023. 

10. 
 Work in progress Raw materials Inventories at First-in, First-Out ("FIFO") cost Adjustment to state inventories at Last-in, First-Out ("LIFO") cost ) ) 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 11. 
 Currency translation adjustments Net carrying amount as of September 30, 2024 
 years ) Customer relationships (including distribution network) years ) Tradenames years ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization - trademarks and tradenames Total intangible assets, net years ) December 31, 2023 Weighted Average Useful Life Gross Carrying Amount Accumulated Amortization Net Carrying Amount Intangible assets subject to amortization: Patents years ) Customer relationships (including distribution network) years ) Tradenames years ) Intangible assets not subject to amortization - trademarks and tradenames Total intangible assets, net years ) 
 Intangible asset amortization expense totaled million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. Intangible asset amortization expense totaled million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively. 
 The Company expects to recognize amortization expense on the intangible assets subject to amortization of million in the year ending December 31, 2024 (inclusive of the million of amortization expense recognized in the nine months ended September 30, 2024), million in 2025, million in 2026, million in 2027, million in 2028 and million in 2029. 
 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 12. 
 Current portion of operating lease liability Income taxes payable Professional fees Product warranty (1) Restructuring and other similar charges (2) Risk management (3) Sales rebates Tax indemnities Taxes, other than income taxes Other 
 ____________________ 
 (1) See more information related to the product warranty obligations balance within Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies. 
 (2) See more information related to the restructuring obligations balance within Note 3, Restructuring and Other Similar Charges. 
 (3) Includes projected liabilities related to losses arising from automobile, general, environmental, worker's compensation, and product liability claims. 
 
 13. 
 Finance leases Total Less current maturities Long-term debt 
 ____________________ 
 (1) Includes unamortized debt issuance costs of million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Senior Secured Credit Facility 
 On October 4, 2021, ZBS Global, Inc. Holdings ), Zurn Holdings, Inc., Zurn LLC (together, the Original Borrowers ), the lenders from time to time party thereto, and Credit Suisse AG, Cayman Islands Branch, as administrative agent for the lenders (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent entered into a Fourth Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement as amended by that certain Amendment No. 1 to Fourth Amended and Restated First Lien Credit Agreement dated as of July 1, 2022 (the "Amendment") (as so amended, the Credit Agreement ). Pursuant to the Amendment, Elkay joined the Credit Agreement as a borrower (Elkay and the Original Borrowers, collectively, the "Borrowers"). The Credit Agreement is funded by a syndicate of banks and other financial institutions and provides for (i) a million term loan facility (the Term Loan and (ii) a million revolving credit facility (the Revolving Credit Facility ). 
 The obligations under the Credit Agreement and related documents are secured by liens on substantially all of the assets of Holdings, the Borrowers, and certain subsidiaries of the Borrowers pursuant to a Third Amended and Restated Guarantee and Collateral Agreement, dated as of October 4, 2021, among Holdings, the Borrowers, the subsidiaries of the Borrowers party thereto, and the Administrative Agent, as supplemented pursuant to that certain Supplement No. 1 dated as of July 1, 2022, executed by Elkay and its domestic subsidiaries, and certain other collateral documents. 
 The Credit Agreement contains representations, warranties, covenants and events of default, including, without limitation, a financial covenant under which the Borrowers are, if certain conditions are met, obligated to maintain on a consolidated basis, as of the end of each fiscal quarter, a certain maximum Net First Lien Leverage Ratio (as defined in the 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 million. The proceeds of the Term Loan were, together with the dividend received by the Company in connection with the Spin-Off Transaction and cash on hand, used to (i) repay in full a million term loan, together with accrued interest thereon, (ii) redeem the million of outstanding principal amount of the notes, and (iii) pay related fees and expenses. 
 In October 2023, the Company made a voluntary prepayment on its Term Loan of million. In connection with this prepayment, the Company recognized a million loss on debt extinguishment to write off a portion of the unamortized debt issuance costs. The Term Loan has a maturity date of October 4, 2028. In connection with the voluntary prepayment of million, quarterly principal payments are no longer required. 
 For purposes of the Term Loan, effective July 1, 2023, the secured overnight financing rate ("SOFR") replaced LIBOR, and accordingly, beginning July 1, 2023 the Term Loan bears interest at the Borrowers' option, by reference to a base rate or a rate based on Term SOFR, plus a Term SOFR adjustment of , , or for interest periods of one month, three months, and six months, respectively, plus an applicable margin based on the Borrowers' Net First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. If the Net First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater than to 1.00, the applicable margin shall equal in the case of base rate borrowings and in the case of SOFR borrowings. In the event the Borrowers Net First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to to 1.00, the applicable margin on both base rate and SOFR borrowings would decrease by . The Borrowers Net First Lien Leverage Ratio was to 1.00 as of September 30, 2024, and therefore the applicable margin is . 
 Prior to July 1, 2023, the Term Loan bore interest at the Borrowers option, by reference to a base rate or a rate based on LIBOR, in either case plus an applicable margin determined quarterly based on the Borrowers Net First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the last day of each fiscal quarter as illustrated above. 
 At September 30, 2024 and for the nine months then ended, the borrowings under the Term Loan had weighted-average effective interest rates of and , respectively. 
 Revolving Credit Facility 
 The Credit Agreement includes a million revolving credit facility that has a maturity date of October 2, 2026. Similar to the Term Loan, effective July 1, 2023, the SOFR replaced LIBOR, and accordingly, beginning July 1, 2023 the Revolving Credit Facility bears interest by reference to a base rate or a rate based on Term SOFR, plus a Term SOFR adjustment of , , or for interest periods of one month, three months, and six months, respectively, plus an applicable margin based on the Borrowers' Net First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the last day of each fiscal quarter. If the Net First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater than to 1.00, the applicable margin shall equal in the case of base rate borrowings and in the case of SOFR borrowings. In the event the Borrowers' Net First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to to 1.00, the applicable margin on both base rate and SOFR borrowings would decrease by . The Borrowers Net First Lien Leverage Ratio was to 1.00 as of September 30, 2024. The Borrowers are also required to pay a quarterly commitment fee on the average daily unused portion of the Revolving Credit Facility for each fiscal quarter and fees in connection with the issuance of letters of credit. If the Net First Lien Leverage Ratio is greater than to 1.00, the commitment fee shall equal , and if the Company's Net First Lien Leverage Ratio is less than or equal to to 1.00, the commitment fee shall equal . 
 Prior to July 1, 2023, borrowings under the Revolving Credit Facility bore interest at the Borrowers option, by reference to a base rate or a rate based on LIBOR, in either case, plus an applicable margin determined quarterly based on the Borrowers Net First Lien Leverage Ratio as of the last day of each fiscal quarter as illustrated above. 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, there were amounts borrowed under the Revolving Credit Facility. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, million and million, respectively, of the Revolving Credit Facility was considered utilized in connection with outstanding letters of credit. 
 Finance Leases 
 million and million, respectively. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 14. 
 Deferred compensation plan liabilities Fair Value as of December 31, 2023 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total Deferred compensation plan assets Deferred compensation plan liabilities 
 There were no transfers of assets between levels at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 Fair Value of Non-Derivative Financial Instruments 
 The carrying amounts of cash, receivables, payables and accrued liabilities approximated fair value at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, due to the short-term nature of those instruments. The fair value of long-term debt as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, was approximately million and million, respectively. The fair value is based on quoted market prices for the same instruments. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 15. 
 
 Charged to operations Claims settled ) ) Balance at end of period 
 Contingencies: 
 The Company's subsidiaries are involved in various unresolved legal actions, administrative proceedings and claims in the ordinary course of business involving, among other things, product liability, commercial, employment, workers' compensation, intellectual property claims and environmental matters. The Company establishes accruals in a manner that is consistent with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States for costs associated with such matters when a liability is probable and those costs are capable of being reasonably estimated. Although it is not possible to predict with certainty the outcome of these unresolved legal actions or the range of possible loss or recovery, based upon current information, management believes the eventual outcome of these unresolved legal actions, either individually or in the aggregate, will not have a material adverse effect on the financial position, results of operations or cash flows of the Company. 
 On December 15, 2023, Zurn Holdings, Inc. sold all of the equity interests of its direct subsidiary Zurn Industries, together with Zurn Industries direct and indirect subsidiaries that primarily held asbestos liabilities, certain assets and cash, in a stock sale transaction to an unaffiliated buyer. In accordance with the terms of the stock sale agreement, a subsidiary of the Company will indemnify the buyer for breaches of representations or warranties, breaches of covenants, and certain other liabilities as long as such liabilities are entirely unrelated to asbestos liabilities or assets. In addition, the buyer will indemnify the Company and its affiliates for breaches of representations or warranties, breaches of covenants, liabilities related to the operation of Zurn Industries and buyer s operations post-closing and all claims arising out of asbestos liabilities and related insurance coverage. 
 As a result of the transaction, all asbestos obligations and liabilities, related insurance assets and associated deferred taxes, and other assets sold to the buyer, have been removed from the Company s consolidated balance sheet effective December 15, 2023 and the Company no longer has any obligation with respect to pending and future asbestos claims related to the divested entities. As such, the divested entities have been deconsolidated from our 2023 financial results as the Company no longer owns or controls such entities. Therefore, for the period ended December 31, 2023, all asbestos obligations and liabilities, related insurance assets and associated deferred taxes, and other assets of the divested subsidiaries are no longer reported on the consolidated balance sheet. The Company recorded a loss on the divestiture of asbestos liabilities and certain assets of million in the fourth quarter of 2023, including transaction expenses of million. 
 Prior to the stock sale transaction, certain Company subsidiaries were subject to asbestos litigation. As of December 31, 2022, certain Company subsidiaries and numerous other unrelated companies were defendants in approximately asbestos related lawsuits representing approximately claims. Plaintiffs' claims alleged personal injuries caused by exposure to asbestos used primarily in industrial boilers formerly manufactured by a segment of Zurn Elkay's subsidiaries. Those subsidiaries did not manufacture asbestos or asbestos components. Instead, they were purchased from suppliers. These claims were handled pursuant to a defense strategy funded by insurers. 
 In prior years, the asbestos liability was developed based on actuarial studies and represented the projected indemnity payout for current and future claims. There were inherent uncertainties involved in estimating the number of future asbestos claims, future settlement costs, and the effectiveness of defense strategies and settlement initiatives. As of December 31, 2022, the estimated potential liability for the asbestos-related claims described above, as well as the claims expected to be filed in the next , was approximately million which was recorded in the reserve for asbestos claims within the consolidated balance sheets. 
 In prior years, the Company also recorded a receivable from its insurance carriers, which corresponded to the amount of this potential asbestos liability that was covered by available insurance and was determined to be probable of recovery. However, there was no assurance the Company's insurance coverage would ultimately be available or that this asbestos liability would not ultimately exceed the coverage limits. Factors that could cause a decrease in the amount of available coverage or 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 estimated potential asbestos-related liabilities was million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded million for the amount that the estimated potential liability exceeded a gap in the Company's estimated available insurance coverage. This expense was recorded in other income (expense), net within the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 16. 
 Interest cost Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) ) Net periodic cost Other Postretirement Benefits: Interest cost Net periodic cost 
 The service cost component of net periodic cost is presented within Cost of sales and Selling, general and administrative expenses in the condensed consolidated statements of operations, while the other components of net periodic cost are presented within Other expense, net. The Company recognizes the net actuarial gains or losses in excess of the corridor in operating results during the final quarter of each fiscal year (or upon any required re-measurement event). 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company did make any contributions to its U.S. qualified pension plan trusts. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company made contributions of million to its U.S. qualified pension plan trusts. 
 See Note 15, Retirement Benefits, to the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for further information regarding retirement benefits. 
 
 17. 
 million and million of stock-based compensation expense, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, the Company recognized million and million of stock-based compensation expense, respectively. 
 Restricted stock units Performance stock units Common stock 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 In May 2024, the Company s stockholders approved the adoption of the Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP"). The number of shares of Company common stock available for purchase under the ESPP is shares, subject to adjustment in the event of a change in capitalization. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

 shares of common stock. As of September 30, 2024, shares remained available for future issuance. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company recognized million of stock-based compensation expense related to the ESPP. 
 See Note 14, Stock-Based Compensation, to the audited consolidated financial statements included in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, for further information regarding stock-based compensation. 
 
 18. 
 per-share to be paid on December 6, 2024, to stockholders of record as of November 20, 2024. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

General 
 On July 1, 2022, we completed our combination with Elkay Manufacturing Company Elkay through the Merger of Elkay with and into a newly created subsidiary of Zurn, with Elkay surviving as a wholly owned subsidiary of Zurn Elkay (the Merger or "Elkay Transaction"). In conjunction with the Merger, we changed our name from Zurn Water Solutions Corporation to Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation. Our results of operations include the acquired operations subsequent to July 1, 2022. See Item 1, Note 2, Acquisition, for additional information on the Elkay Merger. 
 Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation is a growth-oriented, pure-play water management business that designs, procures, manufactures, and markets what we believe to be the broadest sustainable product portfolio of specification-driven water management solutions to improve health, hydration, human safety and the environment. Our product portfolio includes professional grade water safety and control products, flow systems products, hygienic and environmental products, and filtered drinking water products for public and private spaces that deliver superior value to building owners, positively impact the environment and human hygiene and reduce product installation time. Zurn Elkay's heritage of innovation and specification has allowed us to provide highly-engineered, mission-critical solutions to customers for decades and affords us the privilege of having long-term, valued relationships with market leaders. We operate in a disciplined way and the Zurn Elkay Business System ZEBS is our operating philosophy. Grounded in the spirit of continuous improvement, ZEBS creates a scalable, process-based framework that focuses on driving superior customer satisfaction and financial results by targeting world-class operating performance throughout all aspects of our business. 
 The following information should be read in conjunction with the audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto, along with Item 7, Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations MD A ), in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The condensed consolidated financial statements have been prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States ("GAAP"), which require us to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities on the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Refer to Item 7, MD A, of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023 for information with respect to our critical accounting policies which we believe could have the most significant effect on our reported results and require subjective or complex judgments by management. Except for the items reported below, management believes that as of September 30, 2024, and during the period from January 1, 2024 through September 30, 2024, there has been no material change to this information. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Item 1, Note 1, Basis of Presentation and Significant Accounting Policies regarding recent accounting pronouncements. 
 Divestiture of Asbestos Liabilities and Certain Assets 
 On December 15, 2023, Zurn Holdings, Inc. Holdings sold all of the equity interests of its direct subsidiary Zurn Industries, LLC Zurn Industries ), together with Zurn Industries direct and indirect subsidiaries that primarily held asbestos liabilities, certain assets and cash, in a stock sale transaction to an unaffiliated buyer Sale Transaction ). As a result of the Sale Transaction, all asbestos obligations and liabilities, related insurance assets and associated deferred taxes, and other assets sold to the buyer, have been removed from the Company s consolidated balance sheet effective December 15, 2023 and the Company no longer has any obligation with respect to pending and future asbestos claims related to the divested entities. A loss on the divestiture of asbestos liabilities and certain assets of 11.4 million was recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for the twelve months ended December 31, 2023. See Item 1, Note 15, Commitments and Contingencies for additional information on this divestiture. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 Acquisitions 
 On July 1, 2022, we completed the Elkay Merger for a purchase price (after final purchase price adjustments) of 1,457.8 million. Elkay, a market leader of drinking water solutions and commercial sinks, complements our existing product portfolio. The purchase price includes 1,411.9 million of Zurn's common stock based on Zurn's closing stock price of 27.48 on July 1, 2022, and 45.9 million of net cash payments for the repayment of Elkay's term loan and Elkay's transaction related costs outstanding that were in excess of Elkay's cash and cash equivalents at the time of closing. Pursuant to the terms of the merger agreement, we issued 51,564,524 shares of common stock, which represented approximately 29 of outstanding shares immediately following the Merger. During the first quarter of 2023, we completed the final price adjustments and the adjusted purchase price is reflected in the purchase price amounts above, following the return of 186,020 of the shares we issued at closing as a result of lower working capital and cash balances at closing compared to targets stipulated in the merger agreement. The shares returned were canceled upon receipt. As of June 30, 2023, the measurement period was complete. Our results of operations include Elkay subsequent to the Merger date. See Item 1, Note 2, Acquisition for additional information on the Elkay Merger. 
 Spin-Off of Process Motion Control Segment 
 On October 4, 2021, the Company completed a Reverse Morris Trust tax-free spin-off transaction (the Spin-Off Transaction in which (i) substantially all the assets and liabilities of the Company's Process Motion Control ("PMC") business were transferred to a newly created subsidiary, Land Newco, Inc. Land ), (ii) the shares of Land were distributed to the Company's stockholders pro rata, and (iii) Land was merged with a subsidiary of Regal Rexnord Corporation (formerly known as Regal Beloit Corporation), in which the stock of Land was converted into a specified number of shares of Regal Rexnord Corporation in accordance with the exchange ratio. The operating results of PMC are reported as discontinued operations in our condensed consolidated statements of operations for all periods presented. The condensed consolidated statements of cash flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023 have not been adjusted to separately disclose cash flows related to the discontinued operations. 
 The major components of the Income from discontinued operations, net of tax presented in the condensed consolidated statements of operations for the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, are as follows (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Selling, general and administrative income (1) 6.6 0.7 8.4 Income from discontinued operations before income tax 6.6 0.7 8.4 Income tax (expense) benefit (0.4) 0.3 (0.3) Income from discontinued operations, net of tax 6.2 1.0 8.1 
 (1) Selling, general and administrative income includes the reversal of certain accruals as a result of costs the Company will no longer incur related to the Spin-Off Transaction. 
 See Item 1, Note 4, Discontinued Operations for additional information. 
 Restructuring and Other Similar Charges 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company continued to execute various restructuring actions. These initiatives were implemented to drive efficiencies and reduce operating costs while also modifying the Company's footprint to reflect changes in the markets it serves, the impact of mergers and acquisitions, including Elkay, on the Company's overall manufacturing capacity and the refinement of its overall product portfolio. These restructuring actions primarily resulted in workforce reductions, lease termination costs and other facility rationalization costs. Management expects to continue executing similar initiatives to optimize the Company's operating margin and manufacturing footprint. As such, the Company expects further expenses related to workforce reductions, potential impairment or accelerated depreciation of assets, lease termination costs and other facility rationalization costs. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, restructuring charges totaled 2.7 million and 9.7 million, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023, restructuring charges totaled 2.2 million and 11.9 million, respectively. Refer to Item 1, Note 3, Restructuring and Other Similar Charges for further information. 

25 

Table of Contents 

 Results of Operations 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared with the Three Months Ended September 30, 2023: 
 Net sales 
 (Dollars in Millions) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Net sales 410.0 398.4 11.6 2.9 
 Net sales were 410.0 million and 398.4 million during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, respectively, an increase of 3 year over year. Core sales growth of 3 , including growth in all product categories, was offset by a 100 basis point impact from the planned exit of certain residential sink products. 
 Income from operations 
 (Dollars in Millions) Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Income from operations 70.2 60.1 10.1 16.8 of net sales 17.1 15.1 2.0 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, income from operations was 70.2 million compared to 60.1 million during the three months ended September 30, 2023. Income from operations as a percentage of net sales increased by 200 basis points year over year due to the benefits from delivering the synergies related to the Elkay Merger, as well as lower material costs. 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net was 8.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 9.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in interest expense, net as compared to the prior year period is due to interest earned on higher cash balances and reduced interest expense due to the prior year prepayment of 60 million. 
 Other expense, net 
 Other expense, net for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, was 1.5 million and 2.5 million, respectively. Other expense, net consists primarily of foreign currency transaction gains and losses, the non-service cost components associated with our defined benefit plans and other non-operational gains and losses. The year-over-year change is primarily driven by lower defined benefit plan costs in the current year and increased accruals for estimated environmental remediation costs in the prior year. 
 Provision for income taxes 
 The income tax provision was 16.9 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 12.5 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The effective income tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 was 28.0 versus 26.2 for the three months ended September 30, 2023. The effective income tax rate for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and the three months ended September 30, 2023 was above the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the accrual of additional income taxes associated with compensation deduction limitations under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, the accrual of various state income taxes and the accrual of foreign income taxes, which are generally above the U.S. federal statutory rate, partially offset by the recognition of income tax benefits associated with share-based payments. 
 On a quarterly basis, we review and analyze our valuation allowances associated with deferred tax assets relating to certain foreign and state net operating loss carryforwards as well as U.S. federal and state capital loss carryforwards. In conjunction with this analysis, we weigh both positive and negative evidence for purposes of determining the proper balances of such valuation allowances. Future changes to the balances of these valuation allowances, as a result of our continued review and analysis, could impact the financial statements for such period of change. 
 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 Net income 
 Net income for the three months ended September 30, 2024, was 43.5 million compared to net income of 41.4 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Diluted net income per share for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, was 0.25 and 0.24, respectively. The year-over-year change is the result of the factors described above. Net loss from discontinued operations, net of tax, was 0.0 million for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to net income from discontinued operations, net of tax, of 6.2 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023. Diluted net income per share from discontinued operations for the three months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, was 0.00 and 0.04, respectively. 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 compared with the Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023: 
 Net sales 
 (Dollars in Millions) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Net sales 1,195.8 1,173.7 22.1 1.9 
 Net sales were 1,195.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, an increase of 2 year-over-year. The 2 core sales growth across nearly all product categories was offset by t he 200 basis point im pact from the planned exit of certain residential sink products. 
 Income from operations 
 (Dollars in Millions) 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Change Change Income from operations 195.3 158.6 36.7 23.1 of net sales 16.3 13.5 2.8 
 Income from operations during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 195.3 million compared to 158.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Income from operations as a percentage of net sales increased by 280 basis points year over year due to the benefits resulting from productivity synergies and restructuring actions related to the Elkay Merger, as well as lower material and restructuring costs . 
 Interest expense, net 
 Interest expense, net was 25.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 29.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The decrease in interest e xpense, net as compared to the prior year period is due to interest earned on higher cash balances and reduced interest expense due to the prior year prepayment of 60 million . 
 Other expense, net 
 Other expense, net during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 4.5 million compared to 3.3 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Other expense, net consists primarily of foreign currency transaction gains and losses, the non-service cost components associated with our defined benefit plans and other non-operational gains and losses. The year-over-year change is primarily driven by income recognized in connection with an insurance settlement in the prior year, partly offset by accruals for estimated environmental remediation costs in the prior year and lower defined benefit plan costs in the current year. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 Provision for income taxes 
 The income tax provision was 42.4 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 34.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was 25.7 versus 27.7 for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. The effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was above the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the accrual of additional income taxes associated with compensation deduction limitations under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, the accrual of various state income taxes and the accrual of foreign income taxes, which are generally above the U.S. federal statutory rate, partially offset by the recognition of certain previously unrecognized tax benefits due to the lapse of the applicable statutes of limitations and income tax benefits associated with share-based payments. The effective income tax rate for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 was above the U.S. federal statutory rate of 21 primarily due to the accrual of additional income taxes associated with compensation deduction limitations under Section 162(m) of the Internal Revenue Code, the accrual of various state income taxes and the accrual of foreign income taxes, which are generally above the U.S. federal statutory rate, partially offset by the recognition of income tax benefits associated with share-based payments. 
 Net income 
 
 Net income for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, was 123.8 million compared to 98.8 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Diluted net income per share for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, was 0.71 and 0.56, respectively. Net income from discontinued operations, net of tax, was 1.0 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to 8.1 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Diluted net income per share from discontinued operations for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and September 30, 2023, was 0.01 and 0.05, respectively. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 Non-GAAP financial measures are intended to supplement and not replace financial measures prepared in accordance with GAAP. The following non-GAAP financial measures are utilized by management in comparing our operating performance on a consistent basis. We believe that these financial measures are appropriate to enhance an overall understanding of our underlying operating performance trends compared to historical and prospective periods and our peers. Management also believes that these measures are useful to investors in their analysis of our results of operations and provide improved comparability between fiscal periods as well as insight into the compliance with our debt covenants. Non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered in isolation from, or as a substitute for, financial information calculated in accordance with GAAP. Investors are encouraged to review the reconciliation of these non-GAAP measures to their most directly comparable GAAP financial measures. 
 Core sales 
 Core sales excludes the impact of mergers, acquisitions, divestitures and foreign currency translation. Management believes that core sales facilitates easier and more meaningful comparisons of our net sales performance with prior and future periods and to our peers. We exclude the effect of mergers, acquisitions and divestitures because the nature, size and number can vary dramatically from period to period and between us and our peers and can also obscure underlying business trends and make comparisons of long-term performance difficult. We exclude the effect of foreign currency translation from this measure because the volatility of currency translation is not under management's control. 
 EBITDA 
 EBITDA represents earnings before interest and other debt related activities, taxes, depreciation and amortization. EBITDA is presented because it is an important supplemental measure of performance and it is frequently used by analysts, investors and other interested parties in the evaluation of companies in our industry. EBITDA is also presented and compared by analysts and investors in evaluating our ability to meet debt service obligations. Other companies in our industry may calculate EBITDA differently. EBITDA is not a measurement of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as an alternative to cash flow from operating activities or as a measure of liquidity or an alternative to net income as indicators of operating performance or any other measures of performance derived in accordance with GAAP. Because EBITDA is calculated before recurring cash charges, including interest expense and taxes, and is not adjusted for capital expenditures or other recurring cash requirements of the business, it should not be considered as a measure of discretionary cash available to invest in the growth of the business. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 Adjusted EBITDA 
 Adjusted EBITDA is an important measure because, under our credit agreement, our ability to incur certain types of acquisition debt and certain types of subordinated debt, make certain types of acquisitions or asset exchanges, operate our business and make dividends or other distributions, all of which will impact our financial performance, is impacted by our Adjusted EBITDA, as our lenders measure our performance with a Net First Lien Leverage Ratio by comparing our senior secured bank indebtedness to our Adjusted EBITDA (see "Covenant Compliance" for additional discussion of this ratio, including a reconciliation to our net income). "Adjusted EBITDA" is the term we use to describe EBITDA as defined and adjusted in our credit agreement, which is net income, adjusted for the items summarized in the table in the "Covenant Compliance" section. Adjusted EBITDA is intended to show our unleveraged, pre-tax operating results and therefore reflects our financial performance based on operational factors, excluding non-operational, non-cash or non-recurring losses or gains. It is also provided to aid investors in understanding our compliance with our debt covenants. Adjusted EBITDA is not a presentation made in accordance with GAAP, and our use of the term Adjusted EBITDA varies from others in our industry. This measure should not be considered as an alternative to net income, income from operations or any other performance measures derived in accordance with GAAP. Adjusted EBITDA has important limitations as an analytical tool, and should not be considered in isolation, or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. For example, Adjusted EBITDA does not reflect: (a) our capital expenditures, future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; (b) changes in, or cash requirements for, our working capital needs; (c) the significant interest expenses, or the cash requirements necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our debt; (d) tax payments that represent a reduction in cash available to us; (e) any cash requirements for the assets being depreciated and amortized that may have to be replaced in the future; or (f) the impact of earnings or charges resulting from matters that we and the lenders under our credit agreement may not consider indicative of our ongoing operations. In particular, our definition of Adjusted EBITDA allows us to add back certain non-cash, non-operating or non-recurring charges that are deducted in calculating net income, even though these are expenses that may recur, vary greatly and are difficult to predict and can represent the effect of long-term strategies as opposed to short-term results. 
 In addition, certain of these expenses added back in calculating Adjusted EBITDA can represent the reduction of cash that could be used for other corporate purposes. Further, although not included in the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA in the "Covenant Compliance" section below, the measure may at times allow us to add estimated cost savings and operating synergies related to operational changes ranging from mergers, acquisitions or dispositions to restructuring, and/or exclude one-time transition expenditures that we anticipate incurring to realize cost savings before such savings have occurred. 
 The calculation of Adjusted EBITDA under our credit agreement as of September 30, 2024, is presented in the table in the "Covenant Compliance" section below. However, the results of such calculation could differ in the future based on the different types of adjustments that may be included in such respective calculations at the time. For the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we reported net income of 123.8 million and Adjusted EBITDA for the same period of 299.3 million. See "Covenant Compliance" for a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to GAAP net income. 
 Covenant Compliance 
 Our credit agreement, which governs our senior secured credit facilities, contains, among other provisions, restrictive covenants regarding indebtedness, payments and distributions, mergers and acquisitions, asset sales, affiliate transactions, capital expenditures and the maintenance of certain financial ratios. Payment of borrowings under the credit agreement may be accelerated if there is an event of default. Events of default include the failure to pay principal and interest when due, a material breach of a representation or warranty, certain non-payments or defaults under other indebtedness, covenant defaults, events of bankruptcy and a change of control. Certain covenants contained in the credit agreement restrict our ability to take certain actions, such as incurring additional debt or making acquisitions, if we are unable to meet a maximum total Net First Lien Leverage Ratio (consolidated indebtedness to Adjusted EBITDA) of 5.00 to 1.00 as of the end of each fiscal quarter. As of September 30, 2024, our Net First Lien Leverage Ratio was 0.89 to 1.00. Failure to comply with these covenants could limit our long-term growth prospects by hindering our ability to borrow under the revolver, to obtain future debt and/or to make acquisitions. 
 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 Set forth below is a reconciliation of net income to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods indicated below. (in millions) Nine months ended September 30, 2023 Twelve months ended December 31, 2023 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 Twelve months ended September 30, 2024 Net income 98.8 112.7 123.8 137.7 Income from discontinued operations, net of tax (1) (8.1) (8.5) (1.0) (1.4) Provision for income taxes 34.8 42.6 42.4 50.2 Actuarial gain on pension and postretirement benefit obligations (2.0) (2.0) Other expense, net (2) 3.3 7.2 4.5 8.4 Loss on the extinguishment of debt 0.9 0.9 Interest expense 29.8 38.5 25.6 34.3 Depreciation and amortization 66.3 87.9 65.2 86.8 EBITDA 224.9 279.3 260.5 314.9 Adjustments to EBITDA Restructuring and other similar charges (3) 11.9 15.3 9.7 13.1 Stock-based compensation expense 30.5 40.0 29.2 38.7 Last-in first-out ("LIFO") adjustments (4) (11.9) (6.5) (0.5) 4.9 Loss on divestiture of asbestos liabilities and certain assets (5) 11.4 11.4 Other, net (6) 0.4 0.4 Subtotal of adjustments to EBITDA 30.5 60.2 38.8 68.5 Adjusted EBITDA 255.4 339.5 299.3 383.4 Consolidated indebtedness (7) 340.6 Net First Lien Leverage Ratio (8) 0.89 
 __________________________________ 
 (1) Income from discontinued operations, net of tax is not included in Adjusted EBITDA in accordance with the terms of our credit agreement. 
 (2) Other expense, net consists primarily of gains and losses from foreign currency transactions, the non-service cost components of net periodic benefit costs associated with our defined benefit plans and other non-operational gains and losses as defined in our credit agreement. 
 (3) In accordance with the terms in our credit agreement, restructuring and other similar charges is comprised of costs associated with workforce reductions, asset impairments, lease termination costs, and other facility rationalization costs. See Item 1, Note 3, Restructuring and Other Similar Charges for more information. 
 (4) Last-in first-out (LIFO) inventory adjustments are excluded in calculating Adjusted EBITDA as defined in our credit agreement. 
 (5) Loss on divestiture of asbestos liabilities and certain assets are excluded in calculating Adjusted EBITDA as defined in our credit agreement. 
 (6) Other, net consists of gains and losses on the disposition of long-lived assets per the credit agreement. 
 (7) Our credit agreement defines our consolidated indebtedness as the sum of all indebtedness (other than letters of credit or bank guarantees, to the extent undrawn) consisting of indebtedness for borrowed money and capitalized lease obligations, less unrestricted cash, which was 155.1 million (as defined by the credit agreement) at September 30, 2024. 
 (8) Our credit agreement defines the Net First Lien Leverage Ratio as the ratio of consolidated indebtedness (as described above) to Adjusted EBITDA for the trailing four fiscal quarters. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Our primary sources of liquidity are available cash and cash equivalents, cash flow from operations, and borrowing availability of up to 200.0 million under our revolving credit facility. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 187.9 million of cash and cash equivalents and 188.7 million of additional borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility. As of September 30, 2024, the available borrowings under our credit facility were reduced by 11.3 million due to outstanding letters of credit. As of December 31, 2023, we had 136.7 million of cash and cash equivalents and 189.0 million of additional borrowing capacity under our revolving credit facility. As of December 31, 2023, the available borrowings under our credit facility were reduced by 11.0 million due to outstanding letters of credit. 
 Our revolving credit facility is available to fund our working capital requirements, capital expenditures and other general corporate purposes. We believe this resource is adequate for our expected short-term and long-term needs. 
 Cash Flows 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 229.9 million and 195.7 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. The change in year-over-year operating cash flows was primarily the result of an increase in net income, a lower use of cash for trade working capital, and the timing of accrued expenses during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 Cash used for investing activities was 11.1 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 6.6 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. Investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, consisted of 12.7 million of capital expenditures, which were partially offset by 1.6 million from the sale of certain long-lived assets. Investing activities during the nine months ended September 30, 2023, consisted of 15.9 million of capital expenditures, which were partially offset by the receipt of 9.0 million in connection with an insurance settlement and 0.3 million from the sale of certain long-lived assets. 
 Cash used for financing activities was 165.8 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to 141.5 million during the nine months ended September 30, 2023. During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, we utilized 0.6 million of cash for payments on finance leases, 129.9 million to repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock, and 41.3 million for the payment of common stock dividends, which was partially offset by 6.0 million of proceeds from the exercise of stock options and ESPP contributions, net of taxes withheld and paid on employees' share-based awards. During the nine months ended September 30, 2023, we utilized a net 4.7 million of cash for payments on outstanding debt, 100.2 million to repurchase outstanding shares of our common stock, and 36.6 million for the payment of common stock dividends. 
 Indebtedness 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 495.6 million of total indebtedness outstanding as follows (in millions): Total Debt at 
 September 30, 2024 
 Current Maturities of Debt Long-term Portion Term loan (1) 474.6 474.6 Finance leases 21.0 0.9 20.1 Total 495.6 0.9 494.7 
 ___________________________________________ 
 (1) Includes unamortized original issue discount and debt issuance costs of 5.7 million at September 30, 2024. 
 See Item 1, Note 13, Long-Term Debt for a description of our outstanding indebtedness. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 We are exposed to market risk during the normal course of business from changes in foreign currency exchange rates and interest rates. The exposure to these risks is managed through a combination of normal operating and financing activities and at times derivative financial instruments in the form of foreign currency forward contracts to cover certain known foreign currency transactional risks. We also have historically entered into interest rate derivatives to manage interest rate fluctuations. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 We maintain a set of disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC's rules and forms. 
 We carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 of the Exchange Act. Based on that evaluation as of September 30, 2024, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, the Company's disclosure controls and procedures are adequate and effective in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a timely basis, information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act and that such information is accumulated and communicated to the Company's management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, in a manner allowing timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As such, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the period covered by this report. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of the changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 PART II - OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 See the information under the heading "Commitments and Contingencies" in Note 15 to the condensed consolidated financial statements contained in Part I, Item 1 of this report, which is incorporated in this Part II, Item 1 by reference. 

ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 In fiscal 2015, the Company's Board of Directors approved a stock repurchase program (the "Repurchase Program") authorizing the repurchase of up to 200.0 million of the Company's common stock from time to time on the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. On January 27, 2020, the Company's Board of Directors approved increasing the remaining share repurchase authority under the Repurchase Program to 300.0 million. On February 8, 2023, the Company's Board of Directors approved increasing the remaining share repurchase authority under the Repurchase Program to 500.0 million. The Repurchase Program does not require the Company to acquire any particular amount of common stock and does not specify the timing of purchases or the prices to be paid; however, the program will continue until the maximum amount of dollars authorized have been expended or until it is modified or terminated by the Board of Directors. During the three months ended September 30, 2024, the Company repurchased 1,622,895 shares of common stock at a total cost of 50.0 million at an average price of 30.81 per share. The repurchased shares were canceled by the Company upon receipt. The remaining repurchase authority under the Repurchase Program at September 30, 2024 was 260.6 million. 
 
 ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Total Number of Shares Purchased Average Price Paid per Share Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Plans or Programs Maximum Approximate Dollar Value that may yet be Purchased Under the Plans or Programs Period July 1 - July 31, 2024 428,536 30.33 428,536 297,578,687 August 1 - August 31, 2024 858,387 30.66 858,387 271,239,283 September 1 - September 30, 2024 335,972 31.79 335,972 260,551,251 Total/Average 1,622,895 30.81 1,622,895 

ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2024, no director or officer of the Company or a "Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement" or "non-Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement," as each term is defined in Item 408(a) of Regulation S-K. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit No. Description Filed Herewith 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 X 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Rule 13a-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 X 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 
 X 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document (The instance document does not appear in the interactive data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the inline XBRL document.) X 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document X 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document X 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document X 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document X 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document X 104 Cover Page Inline XBRL data (contained in Exhibit 101) X 

35 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURE 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 ZURN ELKAY WATER SOLUTIONS CORPORATION Date: October 29, 2024 By: / S / DAVID J. PAULI 
 Name: David J. Pauli Title: Chief Financial Officer 

36 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex311ceocertification93024.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 I, Todd A. Adams, Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer of Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation , certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 
 By s TODD A. ADAMS Name Todd A. Adams Title Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex312cfocertification93024.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 I, David J. Pauli, Chief Financial Officer of Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation , certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this quarterly report on Form 10-Q of Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 By s DAVID J. PAULI Name David J. Pauli Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex321ceocfocertification93.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to 18 United States Code 1350 
 Each of the undersigned hereby certifies that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2024 of Zurn Elkay Water Solutions Corporation (the Company filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or about the date hereof fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in such report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 By s TODD A. ADAMS Name Todd A. Adams Title Chairman of the Board and Chief Executive Officer 

Date October 29, 2024 
 By s DAVID J. PAULI Name David J. Pauli Title Chief Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 zws-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 zws-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 zws-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 zws-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 zws-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

