<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241030_10-Q_edgar_data_1652044_0001652044-24-000118.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>11294901</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>125471</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1674875</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>4875372</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2309011</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2034884</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001652044-24-000118.hdr.sgml : 20241030
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241029193310
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001652044-24-000118
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		92
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241030
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241029

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Alphabet Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001652044
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-COMPUTER PROGRAMMING, DATA PROCESSING, ETC. [7370]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	06 Technology
		IRS NUMBER:				611767919
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37580
		FILM NUMBER:		241407071

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1600 AMPHITHEATRE PARKWAY
		CITY:			MOUNTAIN VIEW
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94043
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-253-0000

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1600 AMPHITHEATRE PARKWAY
		CITY:			MOUNTAIN VIEW
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			94043

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001652044-24-000118.txt : 20241030

10-Q
 1
 goog-20240930.htm
 10-Q

goog-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 ________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 FORM 
 ________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 (Mark One) 
 QUARTERLY REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from _______ to _______ 
 Commission file number: 
 ________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 ________________________________________________________________________________________ (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) 
 
 , 
 (Address of principal executive offices, including zip code) 
 ) 
 (Registrant's telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered (Nasdaq Global Select Market) (Nasdaq Global Select Market) 
 ________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and "emerging growth company" in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 As of October 22, 2024, there we r e million shares of Alphabet s Class A stock outstanding, million shares of Alphabet's Class B stock outstanding, and million shares of Alphabet's Class C stock outstanding. 

Table of Contents 
 Alphabet Inc. 

 Alphabet Inc. 
 Form 10-Q 
 For the Quarterly Period Ended September 30, 2024 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page No. Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
 3 
 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1 Financial Statements 
 5 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets - December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024 
 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Income - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30 , 2023 and 2024 
 6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30 , 2023 and 2024 
 7 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity - Three and Nine Months Ended September 30 , 2023 and 2024 
 8 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows - Nine Months Ended September 30 , 2023 and 2024 
 10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 11 
 Item 2 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 33 
 Item 3 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 48 
 Item 4 Controls and Procedures 
 48 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Item 1 Legal Proceedings 
 49 
 Item 1A Risk Factors 
 49 
 Item 2 Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 50 
 Item 5 Other Information 
 50 
 Item 6 Exhibits 
 52 
 Signatures 
 53 

2 

Table of Contents 
 Alphabet Inc. 

 Note About Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These include, among other things, statements regarding: 
 the growth of our business and revenues and our expectations about the factors that influence our success and trends in our business; 
 fluctuations in our revenues and margins and various factors contributing to such fluctuations; 
 our expectation that the continuing shift from an offline to online world will continue to benefit our business; 
 our expectation that the portion of our revenues that we derive beyond advertising will continue to increase and may affect our margins; 
 our expectation that our traffic acquisition costs (TAC) and the associated TAC rate will fluctuate, which could affect our overall margins; 
 our expectation that our monetization trends will fluctuate, which could affect our revenues and margins; 
 fluctuations in paid clicks and cost-per-click as well as impressions and cost-per-impression, and various factors contributing to such fluctuations; 
 our expectation that we will continue to periodically review, refine, and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number of paid clicks and impressions; 
 our expectation that our results will be affected by our performance in international markets as users in developing economies increasingly come online; 
 our expectation that our foreign exchange risk management program will not fully offset our net exposure to fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 the expected variability of gains and losses related to hedging activities under our foreign exchange risk management program; 
 the amount and timing of revenue recognition from customer contracts with commitments for performance obligations, including our estimate of the remaining amount of commitments and when we expect to recognize revenue; 
 our expectation that our capital expenditures will increase, including the expected increase in our technical infrastructure investment to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives, in particular in support of artificial intelligence (AI) products and services; 
 our plans to continue to invest in new businesses, products, services and technologies, and systems, as well as to continue to invest in acquisitions and strategic investments; 
 our pace of hiring and our plans to provide competitive compensation programs; 
 our expectation that our cost of revenues, research and development (R D) expenses, sales and marketing expenses, and general and administrative expenses may increase in amount and/or may increase as a percentage of revenues and may be affected by a number of factors; 
 estimates of our future compensation expenses; 
 our expectation that our other income (expense), net (OI E), will fluctuate in the future, as it is largely driven by market dynamics; 
 our expectation that our effective tax rate and cash tax payments could increase in future years; 
 seasonal fluctuations in internet usage and advertiser expenditures, underlying business trends such as traditional retail seasonality, which are likely to cause fluctuations in our quarterly results; 
 the sufficiency of our sources of funding; 
 our potential exposure in connection with new and pending investigations, proceedings, and other contingencies, including the possibility that certain legal proceedings to which we are a party could harm our business, financial condition, and operating results; 
 our expectation that we will continue to face heightened regulatory scrutiny, and changes in regulatory conditions, laws, and public policies, which could affect our business practices and financial results; 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Alphabet Inc. 

 the expected timing, amount, and effect of Alphabet Inc.'s share repurchases and dividends; 
 our long-term sustainability and diversity goals; 
 as well as other statements regarding our future operations, financial condition and prospects, and business strategies. Forward-looking statements may appear throughout this report and other documents we file with the Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC), including without limitation, the following sections: Part I, Item 2, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q and Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as updated in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, including in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Forward-looking statements generally can be identified by words such as "anticipates," "believes," "could," "estimates," "expects," "intends," "may," "plans," "predicts," "projects," "will be," "will continue," "will likely result," and similar expressions. These forward-looking statements are based on current expectations and assumptions that are subject to risks and uncertainties, which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those reflected in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those discussed in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; the risks discussed in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, as updated in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, including in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q; the trends discussed in Part II, Item 7, "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023; and those discussed in other documents we file with the SEC. We undertake no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements, except as required by law. Given these risks and uncertainties, readers are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements. 
 As used herein, "Alphabet," "the company," "we," "us," "our," and similar terms include Alphabet Inc. and its subsidiaries, unless the context indicates otherwise. 
 "Alphabet," "Google," and other trademarks of ours appearing in this report are our property. We do not intend our use or display of other companies' trade names or trademarks to imply an endorsement or sponsorship of us by such companies, or any relationship with any of these companies. 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 Alphabet Inc. 

 PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 Alphabet Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in millions, except par value per share amounts) As of December 31, 2023 As of September 30, 2024 (unaudited) Assets Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Total cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities Accounts receivable, net Other current assets Total current assets Non-marketable securities Deferred income taxes Property and equipment, net Operating lease assets Goodwill Other non-current assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued compensation and benefits Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Accrued revenue share Deferred revenue Total current liabilities Long-term debt Deferred revenue, non-current Income taxes payable, non-current Deferred income taxes Operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 9) par value per share, shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 
 Class A, Class B, and Class C stock and additional paid-in capital, par value per share: shares authorized (Class A , Class B , Class C ); (Class A , Class B , Class C a nd (Class A , Class B , Class C shares issued and outstanding 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Retained earnings Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 See accompanying notes. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Alphabet Inc. 

 Alphabet Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (in millions, except per share amounts; unaudited) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 Revenues Costs and expenses: Cost of revenues Research and development Sales and marketing General and administrative Total costs and expenses Income from operations Other income (expense), net ) Income before income taxes Provision for income taxes Net income Basic net income per share (Note 11) 
 Diluted net income per share (Note 11) 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Alphabet Inc. 

 Alphabet Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 (in millions; unaudited) Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 Net income Other comprehensive income (loss): Change in foreign currency translation adjustment, net of income tax benefit (expense) of ), , ) and 
 ) ) Available-for-sale investments: Change in net unrealized gains (losses) ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included in net income Net change, net of income tax benefit (expense) of , ), ) and ) 
 ) Cash flow hedges: Change in net unrealized gains (losses) ) ) Less: reclassification adjustment for net (gains) losses included in net income ) ) ) Net change, net of income tax benefit (expense) of ), , ) and 
 ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Comprehensive income 
 
 See accompanying notes. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 Alphabet Inc. 

 Alphabet Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (in millions; unaudited) 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 Class A, Class B, Class C Stock and Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance as of June 30, 2023 ) Stock issued 0 0 0 0 Stock-based compensation expense 0 0 0 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units and other 0 ) 0 0 ) Repurchases of stock ) ) 0 ) ) Net income 0 0 0 Other comprehensive income (loss) 0 0 ) 0 ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 Class A, Class B, Class C Stock and Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) Stock issued 0 0 0 0 Stock-based compensation expense 0 0 0 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units and other 0 ) 0 0 ) Repurchases of stock ) ) 0 ) ) Net income 0 0 0 Other comprehensive income (loss) 0 0 0 Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) 
 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Alphabet Inc. 

Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class A, Class B, Class C Stock and Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance as of June 30, 2024 ) Stock issued 0 0 0 0 Stock-based compensation expense 0 0 0 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units and other 0 ) 0 (14) ) Repurchases of stock ) ) 0 ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents declared per share) 
 0 0 ) ) Sale of interest in consolidated entities 0 0 0 Net income 0 0 0 Other comprehensive income (loss) 0 0 0 Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) 

Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Class A, Class B, Class C Stock and Additional Paid-In Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) Retained Earnings Total Stockholders Equity Shares Amount Balance as of December 31, 2023 ) Stock issued 0 0 0 0 Stock-based compensation expense 0 0 0 Tax withholding related to vesting of restricted stock units and other 0 ) 0 (14) ) Repurchases of stock ) ) 0 ) ) Dividends and dividend equivalents declared per share) 
 0 0 ) ) Sale of interest in consolidated entities 0 0 0 Net income 0 0 0 Other comprehensive income (loss) 0 0 0 Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) 
 See accompanying notes. 
 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Alphabet Inc. 

 Alphabet Inc. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in millions; unaudited) Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 2024 Operating activities Net income Adjustments: Depreciation of property and equipment Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes ) ) Loss (gain) on debt and equity securities, net ) Other Changes in assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: Accounts receivable, net ) ) Income taxes, net ) Other assets ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other liabilities ) ) Accrued revenue share ) Deferred revenue Net cash provided by operating activities Investing activities Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Maturities and sales of marketable securities Purchases of non-marketable securities ) ) Maturities and sales of non-marketable securities Acquisitions, net of cash acquired, and purchases of intangible assets ) ) Other investing activities ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) Financing activities Net payments related to stock-based award activities ) ) Repurchases of stock ) ) Dividend payments ) Proceeds from issuance of debt, net of costs Repayments of debt ) ) Proceeds from sale of interest in consolidated entities, net Net cash used in financing activities ) ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 
 See accompanying notes. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Alphabet Inc. 

 Alphabet Inc. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (Unaudited) 
 
 Note 1. 
 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Alphabet Inc. 

 Note 2. 
 YouTube ads Google Network Google advertising Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices 
 Google Services total Google Cloud Other Bets Hedging gains (losses) ) Total revenues 
 EMEA (1) 
 APAC (1) 
 Other Americas (1) 
 Hedging gains (losses) ) Total revenues 
 (1) Regions represent Europe, the Middle East, and Africa (EMEA); Asia-Pacific (APAC); and Canada and Latin America ("Other Americas"). 
 billion of remaining performance obligations revenue backlog ), primarily related to Google Cloud. Our revenue backlog represents commitments in customer contracts for future services that have not yet been recognized as revenue. The estimated revenue backlog and timing of revenue recognition for these commitments is largely driven by our ability to deliver in accordance with relevant contract terms and when our customers utilize services. We expect to recognize approximately half of the revenue backlog as revenues over the next months with the remainder to be recognized thereafter. Revenue backlog includes related deferred revenue currently recorded as well as amounts that will be invoiced in future periods, and excludes contracts with an original expected term of one year or less and cancellable contracts. 
 Deferred Revenues 
 Total deferred revenue as of December 31, 2023 was billion, of which billion was recognized as revenues during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Note 3. 
 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Alphabet Inc. 

 Government bonds Level 2 ) Corporate debt securities Level 2 ) Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Level 2 ) Total investments with fair value change reflected in other comprehensive income (1) 
 ) Fair value adjustments recorded in net income Money market funds Level 1 Current marketable equity securities (2) 
 Level 1 Mutual funds Level 2 Government bonds Level 2 Corporate debt securities Level 2 Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Level 2 Total investments with fair value change recorded in net income Cash 0 0 Total ) 
 (1) Represents gross unrealized gains and losses for debt securities recorded to accumulated other comprehensive income (AOCI). 
 (2) The long-term portion of marketable equity securities (subject to long-term lock-up restrictions) of billion as of December 31, 2023 is included within other non-current assets. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Alphabet Inc. 

 Government bonds Level 2 ) Corporate debt securities Level 2 ) Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Level 2 ) Total investments with fair value change reflected in other comprehensive income (1) 
 ) Fair value adjustments recorded in net income Money market funds Level 1 Current marketable equity securities (2) 
 Level 1 Mutual funds Level 2 Government bonds Level 2 Corporate debt securities Level 2 Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities Level 2 Total investments with fair value change recorded in net income Cash 0 0 Total ) 
 (1) Represents gross unrealized gains and losses for debt securities recorded to AOCI. 
 (2) The long-term portion of marketable equity securities (subject to long-term lock-up restrictions) of million as of September 30, 2024 is included within other non-current assets. 
 Investments Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 Our non-marketable equity securities are investments in privately held companies without readily determinable market values. The carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities is adjusted to fair value upon observable transactions for identical or similar investments of the same issuer or impairment. Non-marketable equity securities that have been remeasured during the period based on observable transactions are classified within Level 2 or Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. Non-marketable equity securities that have been remeasured due to impairment are classified within Level 3. Our valuation methods include option pricing models, market comparable approach, and common stock equivalent method, which may include a combination of the observable transaction price at the transaction date and other unobservable inputs including volatility, expected time to exit, risk free rate, and the rights, and obligations of the securities we hold. These inputs significantly vary based on investment type. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the carrying value of our non-marketable equity securities was billion, of which billion were remeasured at fair value during the three months ended September 30, 2024 and were primarily classified within Level 2 of the fair value hierarchy at the time of measurement. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Alphabet Inc. 

 Due in 1 year through 5 years Due in 5 years through 10 years Due after 10 years Total 
 ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities ) ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 As of September 30, 2024 Less than 12 Months 12 Months or Greater Total Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Fair Value Unrealized Loss Government bonds ) ) ) Corporate debt securities ) ) ) Mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities ) ) Total ) ) ) 
 We determine realized gains or losses on the sale or extinguishment of debt securities on a specific identification method.) Gross realized gain on debt securities Gross realized loss on debt securities ) ) ) ) (Increase) decrease in allowance for credit losses ) ) Total gain (loss) on debt securities recognized in other income (expense), net ) ) ) 
 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Alphabet Inc. 

 Certain of our non-marketable equity securities include our investments in variable interest entities (VIE) where we are not the primary beneficiary. See Note 4 for further details on variable interest entities. 
 Cumulative net gain (loss) (1) 
 Carrying value 
 (1) Non-marketable equity securities cumulative net gain (loss) is comprised of billion gains and billion losses (including impairments) as of December 31, 2023 and billion gains and billion losses (including impairments) as of September 30, 2024. 
 Gains and Losses on Marketable and Non-marketable Equity Securities 
 Unrealized net gain (loss) on marketable equity securities ) Unrealized net gain (loss) on non-marketable equity securities (1) 
 ) ) Total gain (loss) on equity securities in other income (expense), net ) ) 
 (1) Unrealized gain (loss) on non-marketable equity securities accounted for under the measurement alternative is comprised of million and billion of upward adjustments and million and million of downward adjustments (including impairments) for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 , respectively, and billion and billion of upward adjustments and billion and billion of downward adjustments (including impairments) for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024 , respectively. 
 In the table above, realized net gain (loss) on equity securities sold during the period reflects the difference between the sale proceeds and the carrying value of the equity securities at the beginning of the period or the purchase date, if later. 
 Total initial cost Cumulative net gains (losses) 
 ) 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Alphabet Inc. 

 billion and billion, respectively. See Note 4 for further details on VIEs. 
 
 million and billion, respectively, majority of which are convertible notes held for investment. 
 
 months or les s. 
 Cash flow hedge amounts included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are deferred in AOCI and subsequently reclassified to revenue when the hedged item is recognized in earnings. We exclude forward points and time value from our assessment of hedge effectiveness and amortize them on a straight-line basis over the life of the hedging instrument in revenues. The difference between fair value changes of the excluded component and the amount amortized to revenues is recorded in AOCI. 
 As of September 30, 2024, the net accumulated loss on our foreign currency cash flow hedges before tax effect was million , which is expected to be reclassified from AOCI into revenues within the next 12 months. 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 We designate foreign currency forward contracts as fair value hedges to hedge foreign currency risks for our marketable securities denominated in currencies other than the U.S. dollar. Fair value hedge amounts included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized in OI E, along with the offsetting gains and losses of the related hedged items. We exclude forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognize changes in the excluded component in OI E. 
 Net Investment Hedges 
 We designate foreign currency forward contracts as net investment hedges to hedge the foreign currency risks related to our investment in foreign subsidiaries. Net investment hedge amounts included in the assessment of hedge effectiveness are recognized in AOCI along with the foreign currency translation adjustment. We exclude forward points from the assessment of hedge effectiveness and recognize changes in the excluded component in OI E. 
 Other Derivatives 
 We enter into foreign currency forward and option contracts that are not designated as hedging instruments to hedge intercompany transactions and other monetary assets or liabilities denominated in currencies other than the functional currency of a subsidiary. Gains and losses on these derivatives that are not designated as accounting hedges are primarily recorded in OI E along with the foreign currency gains and losses on monetary assets and liabilities. 
 17 

Fair value hedges Net investment hedges Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts 
 Other contracts 
 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Foreign exchange contracts Other contracts Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments Total 
 (1) Derivative assets are recorded as other current and non-current assets in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 (2) Derivative liabilities are recorded as accrued expenses and other liabilities, current and non-current in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 ) ) Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness ) ) Derivatives in net investment hedging relationship: Foreign exchange contracts Amount included in the assessment of effectiveness ) ) Total ) ) 
 18 

) Effect of cash flow hedges: Foreign exchange contracts Amount reclassified from AOCI to income ) ) Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness (amortized) Effect of fair value hedges: Foreign exchange contracts Hedged items ) Derivatives designated as hedging instruments ) Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness Effect of net investment hedges: Foreign exchange contracts Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness Effect of non designated hedges: Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Other contracts ) Total gains (losses) ) ) ) 
 19 

Effect of cash flow hedges: Foreign exchange contracts Amount of gains (losses) reclassified from AOCI to income Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness (amortized) Effect of fair value hedges: Foreign exchange contracts Hedged items Derivatives designated as hedging instruments ) ) Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness Effect of net investment hedges: Foreign exchange contracts Amount excluded from the assessment of effectiveness Effect of non designated hedges: Foreign exchange contracts ) ) Other contracts Total gains (losses) 
 
 ) ) ) Derivatives liabilities ) ) ) 
 
 20 

) ) ) Derivatives liabilities ) ) ) 
 (1) The balances as of December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024 were related to derivatives allowed to be net settled in accordance with our master netting agreements. 
 
 Note 4. 
 
 For certain consolidated VIEs, their assets are not available to us, and their creditors do not have recourse to us. As of December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024, assets that can only be used to settle obligations of these VIEs were billion and billion, respectively and are primarily included in cash and cash equivalents on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. As of December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024, liabilities for which creditors only have recourse to the VIEs were billion and billion, respectively. We may continue to fund ongoing operations of certain VIEs that are included within Other Bets. 
 Waymo, a fully autonomous driving technology company and a consolidated VIE, received billion in funding during the three months ended September 30, 2024, followed by an additional million in October 2024. The majority of the total funding of billion was provided by Alphabet. Investments from external parties were accounted for as equity transactions and resulted in recognition of noncontrolling interests. 
 As of December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024, total noncontrolling interests (NCI) in our consolidated subsidiaries were billion, of which billion was redeemable noncontrolling interests (RNCI) for both periods. NCI and RNCI are included within additional paid-in capital. Net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests was not material for any period presented and is included within the "other" component of OI E. See Note 6 for further details on OI E. 
 Unconsolidated VIEs 
 We have investments in VIEs in which we are not the primary beneficiary. These VIEs include private companies that are primarily early stage companies and certain renewable energy entities in which activities involve power generation using renewable sources. 
 billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 Note 5. 
 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. We had c ommercial paper outstanding as of December 31, 2023 and billion of commercial paper outstanding with a weighted-average effective interest rate of as of September 30, 2024. The estimated fair value of the commercial paper approximated its carrying value as of September 30, 2024. 
 21 

- 
 - 
 Future finance lease payments, net and other debt (1) 
 Total debt Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs ) ) Less: Current portion of long-term notes (2) 
 ) ) Less: Current portion of future finance lease payments, net and other current debt (1)(2) 
 ) ) Total long-term debt 
 The notes in the table above are fixed-rate senior unsecured obligations and rank equally with each other. We may redeem the notes at any time in whole or in part at specified redemption prices. The effective interest rates are based on proceeds received with interest payable semi-annually. 
 The total estimated fair value of the outstanding notes was approximately billion and billion as of December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024, respectively. The fair value was determined based on observable market prices of identical instruments in less active markets and is categorized accordingly as Level 2 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 Credit Facility 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had billion of revolving credit facilities, of which billion expires in April 2025 and billion expires in April 2028. The interest rates for all credit facilities are determined based on a formula using certain market rates, as well as our progress toward the achievement of certain sustainability goals. amoun ts were outstanding under the credit facilities as of December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024. 
 
 Note 6. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2023 and September 30, 2024, respectively. 

Information technology assets Construction in progress Leasehold improvements Furniture and fixtures Property and equipment, gross Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 Accrued Expenses and Other Current Liabilities 
 Accrued purchases of property and equipment Accrued customer liabilities Current operating lease liabilities Income taxes payable, net Other accrued expenses and current liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 (1) The amounts related to the European Commission (EC) fines, including any under appeal, are included in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, as we provided bank guarantees (in lieu of a cash payment) for the fines. Amounts include the effects of foreign exchange and interest. In the third quarter of 2024 we made a cash payment of billion for the 2017 EC shopping fine. See Note 9 for further details. 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss)) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) ) ) Amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness recorded in AOCI Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance as of September 30, 2023 ) ) ) 
 23 

) ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) before reclassifications ) Amounts excluded from the assessment of hedge effectiveness recorded in AOCI ) ) Amounts reclassified from AOCI ) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 ) ) )) ) ) ) Benefit (provision) for income taxes Net of income tax ) ) ) ) Unrealized gains (losses) on cash flow hedges Foreign exchange contracts Revenue ) ) Interest rate contracts Other income (expense), net Benefit (provision) for income taxes ) Net of income tax ) Total amount reclassified, net of income tax ) ) ) ) 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 Interest expense (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Foreign currency exchange gain (loss), net ) ) ) Gain (loss) on debt securities, net ) ) ) Gain (loss) on equity securities, net ) ) Performance fees Income (loss) and impairment from equity method investments, net ) ) ) ) Other Other income (expense), net ) 
 (1) Interest expense is net of interest capitalized of million and million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively, and million and million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively. 
 24 

Note 7. 
 billion of goodwill and million of intangible assets resulting from a transaction with character.ai Character ). In August 2024, we entered into a license agreement with Character pursuant to which we obtained a non-exclusive license to its current large language model technology. We paid Character billion in cash and canceled our convertible instruments. We also hired certain employees of Character. Goodwill was recorded in Google Services and Google Cloud and is deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 Note 8. 
 Additions 
 Foreign currency translation and other adjustments ) Balance as of September 30, 2024 
 
 Note 9. 
 billion as of September 30, 2024, of which the majority is paid quarterly through the first quarter of 2030. 
 Indemnifications 
 In the normal course of business, including to facilitate transactions in our services and products and corporate activities, we indemnify certain parties, including advertisers, Google Network partners, distribution partners, customers of Google Cloud offerings, lessors, and service providers with respect to certain matters. We have agreed to defend and/or hold certain parties harmless against losses arising from a breach of representations or covenants, or out of intellectual property infringement or other claims made against certain parties. Several of these agreements limit the time within which an indemnification claim can be made and the amount of the claim. In addition, we have entered into indemnification agreements with our officers and directors, and our bylaws contain similar indemnification obligations to our agents. 
 It is not possible to make a reasonable estimate of the maximum potential amount under these indemnification agreements due to the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular agreement. Additionally, the payments we have made under such agreements have not had a material adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows, or financial position. However, to the extent that valid indemnification claims arise in the future, future payments by us could be significant and could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations or cash flows in a particular period. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we did not have any material indemnification claims that were probable or reasonably possible. 
 Legal Matters 
 We record a liability when we believe that it is probable that a loss has been incurred, and the amount can be reasonably estimated. If we determine that a loss is reasonably possible and the loss or range of loss can be estimated, we disclose the reasonably possible loss. We evaluate developments in our legal matters that could affect the amount of liability that has been previously accrued, and the matters and related reasonably possible losses disclosed, and make adjustments as appropriate. 
 Certain outstanding matters seek speculative, substantial or indeterminate monetary amounts, substantial changes to our business practices and products, or structural remedies. Significant judgment is required to determine both the likelihood of there being a loss and the estimated amount of a loss related to such matters, and we may be unable to estimate the reasonably possible loss or range of losses. The outcomes of outstanding legal 
 25 

billion billion as of June 27, 2017) fine. We appealed the EC decision and implemented product changes to bring shopping ads into compliance with the EC's decision. On September 10, 2024, the European Court of Justice rejected our appeal and upheld the billion fine imposed in 2017. In the third quarter of 2024, we made a cash payment of billion for the 2017 shopping fine. 
 On July 18, 2018, the EC announced its decision that certain provisions in Google s Android-related distribution agreements infringed European competition law. The EC decision imposed a billion billion as of June 30, 2018) fine and directed the termination of the conduct at issue. On October 9, 2018, we appealed the EC decision, and on October 29, 2018, we implemented changes to certain of our Android distribution practices. On September 14, 2022, the General Court reduced the fine from billion to billion. We subsequently filed an appeal with the European Court of Justice. In 2018, we recognized a charge of billion for the fine, which we reduced by million in 2022. 
 On March 20, 2019, the EC announced its decision that certain contractual provisions in agreements that Google had with AdSense for Search partners infringed European competition law. The EC decision imposed a fine of billion billion as of March 20, 2019) and directed actions related to AdSense for Search partners' agreements, which we implemented prior to the decision. On June 4, 2019, we appealed the EC decision. We recognized a charge of billion for the fine in the first quarter of 2019. On September 18, 2024, the European Union s (EU) General Court overturned the EC decision and annulled the billion fine. The EC has until November 28, 2024 to appeal the decision. 
 In addition, on July 7, 2021, a number of state Attorneys General filed an antitrust complaint in the U.S. District Court for the Northern District of California, alleging that Google s operation of Android and Google Play violated U.S. antitrust laws and state antitrust and consumer protection laws. In September 2023, we reached a settlement in principle with 50 state Attorneys General and three territories. The U.S. District Court subsequently vacated the trial date with the states, and we expect any final approval of the settlement would come in 2024. In May 2024, we funded the settlement amount to an escrow agent. 
 In December 2023, a California jury delivered a verdict in a similar lawsuit in Epic Games v. Google . The jury found that Google violated antitrust laws related to Google Play's business. Epic did not seek monetary damages. The presiding judge issued a remedies decision on October 7, 2024, ordering a variety of alterations to our business models and operations and contractual agreements for Android and Google Play. We are appealing and have filed a motion to pause the implementation of some of the remedies pending the appeal. The trial court judge has temporarily paused the implementation of the remedies while the Court of Appeals considers our request to pause implementation of the remedies pending the duration of the appeal. 
 From time to time we are subject to formal and informal inquiries and investigations on various competition matters by regulatory authorities in the U.S., Europe, and other jurisdictions globally. Examples, for which given their nature we cannot estimate a possible loss include: 
 In August 2019, we began receiving civil investigative demands from the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ) requesting information and documents relating to our prior antitrust investigations and certain aspects of our business. The DOJ and a number of state Attorneys General filed a lawsuit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia on October 20, 2020 alleging that Google violated U.S. antitrust laws relating to Search and Search advertising. The trial ended on November 16, 2023, and on August 5, 2024, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia ruled that Google violated such antitrust laws. A separate proceeding is being held to determine remedies, the range of which vary widely. The DOJ has proposed a high level remedy framework, which includes alterations to our products and services and our business models and operations, including structural remedies, and/or our distribution arrangements, among other changes, some of which could have a material adverse effect on our financial statements. Further, in June 2022, the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission (ACCC) and the United Kingdom's Competition and Markets Authority (CMA) each opened an investigation into Search distribution practices. 
 
 26 

27 

Note 10. 
 billion and billion, respectively, of Alphabet's Class A and Class C shares. 
 In April 2023, the Board of Directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to billion of its Class A and Class C shares. Repurchases made pursuant to the April 2023 authorization were completed during the third quarter of 2024. In April 2024, the Board of Directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to an additional billion of its Class A and Class C shares. As of September 30, 2024, billion remained available for Class A and Class C share repurchases. 
 Class C share repurchases Total share repurchases (1) 
 
 (1) Shares repurchased include unsettled repurchases as of September 30, 2024. 
 Repurchases are executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. 
 Dividends 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, total cash dividends were billion and billion for Class A, million and million for Class B, and billion and billion for Class C shares, respectively. 
 
 28 

Note 11. 
 Allocation of undistributed earnings Net income Denominator Number of shares used in per share computation Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share: Numerator Allocation of total earnings for basic computation Reallocation of total earnings as a result of conversion of Class B to Class A shares _ (1) 
 _ (1) 
 Reallocation of undistributed earnings ) ) _ (1) 
 ) ) _ (1) 
 Net income Denominator Number of shares used in basic computation Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities Add: Conversion of Class B to Class A shares outstanding _ (1) 
 _ (1) 
 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares Number of shares used in per share computation Diluted net income per share 
 (1) Not applicable for consolidated net income per share. 
 29 

Allocation of undistributed earnings Net income Denominator Number of shares used in per share computation Basic net income per share Diluted net income per share: Numerator Allocation of total earnings for basic computation Reallocation of total earnings as a result of conversion of Class B to Class A shares _ (1) 
 _ (1) 
 Reallocation of undistributed earnings ) ) _ (1) 
 ) ) _ (1) 
 Net income Denominator Number of shares used in basic computation Weighted-average effect of dilutive securities Add: Conversion of Class B to Class A shares outstanding _ (1) 
 _ (1) 
 Restricted stock units and other contingently issuable shares Number of shares used in per share computation Diluted net income per share 
 (1) Not applicable for consolidated net income per share. 
 For the periods presented above, the holders of each class are entitled to equal per share dividends or distributions in liquidation in accordance with the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Alphabet Inc. Holders of Alphabet unvested stock units are awarded dividend equivalents, which are subject to the same vesting conditions as the underlying award, and settled in Class C shares. 
 Immaterial differences in net income per share across our Class A, Class B, and Class C shares may arise due to the allocation of distributed earnings based on the holders as of the record date, compared with the allocation of undistributed earnings and number of shares based on weighted average over the periods. 
 30 

Note 12. 
 billion and billion, including amounts associated with awards we expect to settle in Alphabet stock of billion and billion, respectively. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, total SBC expense was billion and billion, including amounts associated with awards we expect to settle in Alphabet stock of billion and billion, re spectively. 
 Stock-Based Award Activities 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited/canceled ) Unvested as of September 30, 2024 
 billion of unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSUs. This amount is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 
 
 Note 13. 
 Provision for income taxes Effective tax rate 
 billion and billion, of which billion and billion, if recognized, 
 
 Note 14. 
 31 

Google Cloud Other Bets Hedging gains (losses) ) Total revenues 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 Operating income (loss): Google Services Google Cloud Other Bets ) ) ) ) Alphabet-level activities 
 ) ) ) ) Total income from operations 
 See Note 2 for information relating to revenues by geography. 
 International Total long-lived assets 
 32 

ITEM 2. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Please read the following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations together with "Note About Forward-Looking Statements" and our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q as well as our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, including Part I, Item 1A "Risk Factors," as updated in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024 and in this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Understanding Alphabet s Financial Results 
 Alphabet is a collection of businesses the largest of which is Google. We report Google in two segments, Google Services and Google Cloud; we also report all non-Google businesses collectively as Other Bets. For further details on our segments, see Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Revenues and Monetization Metrics 
 We generate revenues by delivering relevant, cost-effective online advertising; cloud-based solutions that provide enterprise customers of all sizes with infrastructure and platform services as well as communication and collaboration tools; sales of other products and services, such as fees received for subscription-based products, apps and in-app purchases, and devices. For additional information on how we recognize revenue, see Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023. 
 In addition to the long-term trends and their financial effect on our business discussed in "Trends in Our Business and Financial Effect" in Part II, Item 7 of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023, fluctuations in our revenues have been and may continue to be affected by a combination of factors, including: 
 changes in foreign currency exchange rates; 
 changes in pricing, such as those resulting from changes in fee structures, discounts, and customer incentives; 
 general economic conditions and various external dynamics, including geopolitical events, regulations, and other measures and their effect on advertiser, consumer, and enterprise spending; 
 new product and service launches; and 
 seasonality. 
 Additionally, fluctuations in our revenues generated from advertising ("Google advertising"), revenues from other sources ("Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues"), Google Cloud, and Other Bets revenues have been, and may continue to be, affected by other factors unique to each set of revenues, as described below. 
 Google Services 
 Google Services revenues consist of Google advertising as well as Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues. 
 Google Advertising 
 Google advertising revenues are comprised of the following: 
 Google Search other, which includes revenues generated on Google search properties (including revenues from traffic generated by search distribution partners who use Google.com as their default search in browsers, toolbars, etc.), and other Google owned and operated properties like Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play; 
 YouTube ads, which includes revenues generated on YouTube properties; and 
 Google Network, which includes revenues generated on Google Network properties participating in AdMob, AdSense, and Google Ad Manager. 
 We use certain metrics to track how well traffic across various properties is monetized as it relates to our advertising revenues: paid clicks and cost-per-click pertain to traffic on Google Search other properties, while impressions and cost-per-impression pertain to traffic on our Google Network properties. 
 33 

Paid clicks represent engagement by users and include clicks on advertisements by end-users on Google search properties and other Google owned and operated properties including Gmail, Google Maps, and Google Play. Cost-per-click is defined as click-driven revenues divided by our total number of paid clicks and represents the average amount we charge advertisers for each engagement by users. 
 Impressions include impressions displayed to users on Google Network properties participating primarily in AdMob, AdSense, and Google Ad Manager. Cost-per-impression is defined as impression-based and click-based revenues divided by our total number of impressions, and represents the average amount we charge advertisers for each impression displayed to users. 
 As our business evolves, we periodically review, refine, and update our methodologies for monitoring, gathering, and counting the number of paid clicks and the number of impressions, and for identifying the revenues generated by the corresponding click and impression activity. 
 Fluctuations in our advertising revenues, as well as the change in paid clicks and cost-per-click on Google Search other properties and the change in impressions and cost-per-impression on Google Network properties and the correlation between these items have been, and may continue to be, affected by factors in addition to the general factors described above, such as: 
 advertiser competition for keywords; 
 changes in advertising quality, formats, delivery or policy; 
 changes in device mix; 
 seasonal fluctuations in internet usage, advertising expenditures, and underlying business trends, such as traditional retail seasonality; and 
 traffic growth in emerging markets compared to more mature markets and across various verticals and channels. 
 Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices 
 Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues are comprised of the following: 
 consumer subscriptions, which primarily include revenues from YouTube services, such as YouTube TV, YouTube Music and Premium, and NFL Sunday Ticket, as well as Google One; 
 platforms, which primarily include revenues from Google Play from the sales of apps and in-app purchases; 
 devices, which primarily include sales of the Pixel family of devices; and 
 other products and services. 
 Fluctuations in our Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenues have been, and may continue to be, affected by factors in addition to the general factors described above, such as changes in customer usage and demand, number of subscribers, and fluctuations in the timing of product launches. 
 Google Cloud 
 Google Cloud revenues are comprised of the following: 
 Google Cloud Platform, which generates consumption-based fees and subscriptions for infrastructure, platform, and other services. These services provide access to solutions such as cybersecurity, databases, analytics, and AI offerings including our AI infrastructure, Vertex AI platform, and Gemini for Google Cloud; 
 Google Workspace, which includes subscriptions for cloud-based communication and collaboration tools for enterprises, such as Calendar, Gmail, Docs, Drive, and Meet, with integrated features like Gemini for Google Workspace; and 
 other enterprise services. 
 Fluctuations in our Google Cloud revenues have been, and may continue to be, affected by factors in addition to the general factors described above, such as customer usage. 
 Other Bets 
 Revenues from Other Bets are generated primarily from the sale of healthcare-related services and internet services. 
 34 

Costs and Expenses 
 Our cost structure has two components: cost of revenues and operating expenses. Our operating expenses include costs related to R D, sales and marketing, and general and administrative functions. Certain of our costs and expenses, including those associated with the operation of our technical infrastructure as well as components of our operating expenses, are generally less variable in nature and may not correlate to changes in revenue. Additionally, fluctuations in compensation expenses may not directly correlate with changes in headcount, in particular due to annual SBC awards that generally vest over four years. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues is comprised of TAC and other costs of revenues. 
 TAC includes: 
 amounts paid to our distribution partners who make available our search access points and services. Our distribution partners include browser providers, mobile carriers, original equipment manufacturers, and software developers; and 
 amounts paid to Google Network partners primarily for ads displayed on their properties. 
 Other cost of revenues primarily includes: 
 compensation expense related to our technical infrastructure and other operations such as content review and customer and product support; 
 content acquisition costs, which are payments to content providers from whom we license video and other content for distribution on YouTube and Google Play (we pay fees to these content providers based on revenues generated or a flat fee); 
 depreciation expense related to our technical infrastructure; 
 inventory and other costs related to the devices we sell; and 
 other technical infrastructure operations costs, including bandwidth, energy, and equipment costs. 
 TAC as a percentage of revenues generated from ads placed on Google Network properties are significantly higher than TAC as a percentage of revenues generated from ads placed on Google Search other properties, because most of the advertiser revenues from ads served on Google Network properties are paid as TAC to our Google Network partners. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Operating expenses are generally incurred during our normal course of business, which we categorize as either R D, sales and marketing, or general and administrative. 
 The main components of our R D expenses are: 
 compensation expenses for engineering and technical employees responsible for R D related to our existing and new products and services; 
 depreciation; and 
 third-party services fees primarily relating to consulting and outsourced services in support of our engineering and product development efforts. 
 The main components of our sales and marketing expenses are: 
 compensation expenses for employees engaged in sales and marketing, sales support, and certain customer service functions; and 
 spending relating to our advertising and promotional activities in support of our products and services. 
 The main components of our general and administrative expenses are: 
 compensation expenses for employees in finance, human resources, information technology, legal, and other administrative support functions; 
 expenses relating to legal matters, including certain fines and settlements; and 
 third-party services fees, including audit, consulting, outside legal, and other outsourced administrative services. 
 35 

Other Income (Expense), Net 
 OI E, net primarily consists of interest income (expense), the effect of foreign currency exchange gains (losses), net gains (losses) and impairment on our marketable and non-marketable securities, performance fees, and income (loss) and impairment from our equity method investments. 
 For additional information, including how we account for our investments and factors that can drive fluctuations in the value of our investments, see Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 and Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosur es About Market Risk in our An nual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 as well as Note 3 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes 
 Provision for income taxes represents the estimated amount of federal, state, and foreign income taxes incurred in the U.S. and the many jurisdictions in which we operate. The provision includes the effect of reserve provisions and changes to reserves that are considered appropriate as well as the related net interest and penalties. 
 For additional information, see Note 1 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part II, Item 8 in our An nual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2023 as well as Note 13 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 Executive Overview 
 The following table summarizes our consolidated financial results (in millions, except per share information and percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2023 2024 Change Change Consolidated revenues 76,693 88,268 11,575 15 Change in consolidated constant currency revenues (1) 
 16 Cost of revenues 33,229 36,474 3,245 10 Operating expenses 22,121 23,273 1,152 5 Operating income 21,343 28,521 7,178 34 Operating margin 28 32 4 Other income (expense), net (146) 3,185 3,331 NM Net Income 19,689 26,301 6,612 34 Diluted EPS (2) 
 1.55 2.12 0.57 37 
 NM = Not Meaningful 
 (1) See "Use of Non-GAAP Constant Currency Measures" below for details relating to our use of constant currency information. 
 (2) For additional information on the calculation of diluted EPS, see Note 11 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Revenues were 88.3 billion, an increase of 15 year over year, primarily driven by an increase in Google Services revenues of 8.5 billion, or 13 , and an increase in Google Cloud revenues of 2.9 billion, or 35 . 
 Total constant currency revenues, which exclude the effect of hedging, increased 16 year over year. 
 Cost of revenues was 36.5 billion, an increase of 10 year over year, primarily driven by increases in TAC, content acquisition costs, depreciation expense, and devices costs due to Pixel family product launch timing in the third quarter this year as compared to the fourth quarter last year. 
 Operating expenses were 23.3 billion, an increase of 5 year over year, primarily driven by charges related to our office space optimization efforts and increases in depreciation expense, compensation 
 36 

expenses, and advertising and promotional activities. These increases were partially offset by a reduction in charges related to legal and other matters. 
 Other Information 
 Dividend payments to stockholders of Class A, Class B, and Class C shares were 1.2 billion, 173 million, and 1.1 billion, respectively, totaling 2.5 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024. On October 29, 2024, Alphabet announced a cash dividend of 0.20 per share that will be paid on December 16, 2024, to stockholders of record as of December 9, 2024, on each of the company s Class A, Class B, and Class C shares. For additional information, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Repurchases of Class A and Class C shares were 2.8 billion and 12.5 billion, respectively, totaling 15.3 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024. For additional information, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Operating cash flow was 30.7 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024, including a cash payment of 3.0 billion for the 2017 EC shopping fine, which included accrued interest. For additional information related to 2017 EC shopping fine, see Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Capital expenditures, which primarily reflected investments in technical infrastructure, were 13.1 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 181,269 employees. 
 
 Financial Results 
 
 Revenues 
 The following table presents revenues by type (in millions): Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 Google Search other 44,026 49,385 127,013 144,050 YouTube ads 7,952 8,921 22,310 25,674 Google Network 7,669 7,548 23,015 22,405 Google advertising 59,647 65,854 172,338 192,129 Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices 
 8,339 10,656 23,894 28,707 Google Services total 67,986 76,510 196,232 220,836 Google Cloud 8,411 11,353 23,896 31,274 Other Bets 297 388 870 1,248 Hedging gains (losses) (1) 17 86 191 Total revenues 76,693 88,268 221,084 253,549 
 Google Services 
 Google advertising revenues 
 Google Search other 
 Google Search other revenues increased 5.4 billion and 17.0 billion fr om the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The overall growth was driven by interrelated factors including increases in search queries resulting from growth in user adoption and usage on mobile devices; growth in advertiser spending; and improvements we have made in ad formats and delivery. 
 YouTube ads 
 YouTube ads revenues increased 969 million and 3.4 billion from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The growth was driven by our brand advertising products followed by our direct response advertising products, both of which benefited from increased spending by our advertisers. 
 37 

Google Network 
 Google Network revenues decreased 121 million from the three months ended September 30, 2023 to the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily driven by the unfavorable effect of foreign currency exchange rates, partially offset by an increase in AdSense revenues. 
 Google Network revenues decreased 610 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily driven by the unfavorable effect of foreign currency exchange rates as well as a decrease in AdMob revenues. 
 Monetization Metrics 
 The following table presents changes in monetization metrics for Google Search other revenues (paid clicks and cost-per-click) and Google Network revenues (impressions and cost-per-impression), expressed as a percentage, from three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to three and nine months ended September 30, 2024: 
 Three Months Ended September 30, Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 2024 Google Search other Paid clicks change 4 5 Cost-per-click change 8 8 Google Network Impressions change (14) (15) Cost-per-impression change 15 14 
 Changes in paid clicks and impressions are driven by a number of interrelated factors, including changes in advertiser spending; ongoing product and policy changes; and, as it relates to paid clicks, fluctuations in search queries resulting from changes in user adoption and usage, primarily on mobile devices. 
 Changes in cost-per-click and cost-per-impression are driven by a number of interrelated factors including changes in device mix, geographic mix, advertiser spending, ongoing product and policy changes, product mix, property mix, and changes in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices 
 Google subscriptions, platforms, and devices revenu es increased 2.3 billion and 4.8 billion from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The growth was primarily driven by increases in subscriptions and devices revenues. The increase in subscriptions revenues was largely from growth in the number of paid subscribers for YouTube services and to a lesser extent for Google One. The increase in devices revenues was primarily driven by increased sales of Pixel devices, due to Pixel family product launch timing in the third quarter this year as compared to the fourth quarter last year. 
 Google Cloud 
 Google Cloud revenues increased 2.9 billion and 7.4 billion from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The growth was primarily driven by Google Cloud Platform followed by Google Workspace offerings. Google Cloud's infrastructure and platform services were the largest drivers of growth in Google Cloud Platform. 
 38 

Revenues by Geography 
 The following table presents revenues by geography as a percentage of revenues, determined based on the addresses of our customers: Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 United States 47 49 47 49 EMEA 30 29 30 29 APAC 17 16 17 16 Other Americas 6 6 6 6 Hedging gains (losses) 0 0 0 0 
 For additional information, see Note 2 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Use of Non-GAAP Constant Currency Information 
 International revenues, which represent a significant portion of our revenues, are generally transacted in multiple currencies and therefore are affected by fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates. 
 The effect of currency exchange rates on our business is an important factor in understanding period-to-period comparisons. We use non-GAAP constant currency revenues ("constant currency revenues") and non-GAAP percentage change in constant currency revenues ("percentage change in constant currency revenues") for financial and operational decision-making and as a means to evaluate period-to-period comparisons. We believe the presentation of results on a constant currency basis in addition to GAAP results helps improve the ability to understand our performance, because it excludes the effects of foreign currency volatility that are not indicative of our core operating results. 
 Constant currency information compares results between periods as if exchange rates had remained constant period over period. We define constant currency revenues as revenues excluding the effect of foreign currency exchange rate movements ("FX Effect") as well as hedging activities, which are recognized at the consolidated level. We use constant currency revenues to determine the constant currency revenue percentage change on a year-on-year basis. Constant currency revenues are calculated by translating current period revenues using prior year comparable period exchange rates, as well as excluding any hedging effects realized in the current period. 
 Constant currency revenue percentage change is calculated by determining the change in current period revenues over prior year comparable period revenues where current period foreign currency revenues are translated using prior year comparable period exchange rates and hedging effects are excluded from revenues of both periods. 
 These results should be considered in addition to, not as a substitute for, results reported in accordance with GAAP. Results on a constant currency basis, as we present them, may not be comparable to similarly titled measures used by other companies and are not a measure of performance presented in accordance with GAAP. 
 39 

Th e following table presents the foreign currency exchange effect on international revenues and total revenues (in millions, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Change from Prior Period Three Months Ended September 30, Less FX Effect Constant Currency Revenues As Reported Less Hedging Effect Less FX Effect Constant Currency Revenues 2023 2024 United States 36,354 43,139 0 43,139 19 0 19 EMEA 22,661 25,472 (146) 25,618 12 (1) 13 APAC 13,126 14,547 (285) 14,832 11 (2) 13 Other Americas 4,553 5,093 (586) 5,679 12 (13) 25 Revenues, excluding hedging effect 
 76,694 88,251 (1,017) 89,268 15 (1) 16 Hedging gains (losses) (1) 17 Total revenues (1) 
 76,693 88,268 89,268 15 0 (1) 16 
 (1) Total constant currency revenues of 89.3 billion for the three months ended September 30, 2024 increased 12.6 billion compared to 76.7 billion in revenues, excluding hedging effect, for the three months ended September 30, 2023. 
 EMEA revenue growth was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Turkish lira. 
 APAC revenue growth was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Japanese yen. 
 Other Americas revenue growth was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Argentine peso and the Brazilian real. 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Change from Prior Period Nine Months Ended September 30, Less FX Effect Constant Currency Revenues As Reported Less Hedging Effect Less FX Effect Constant Currency Revenues 2023 2024 United States 104,291 123,072 0 123,072 18 0 18 EMEA 66,028 73,943 (309) 74,252 12 0 12 APAC 37,535 41,659 (1,319) 42,978 11 (4) 15 Other Americas 13,144 14,684 (1,043) 15,727 12 (8) 20 Revenues, excluding hedging effect 
 220,998 253,358 (2,671) 256,029 15 (1) 16 Hedging gains (losses) 86 191 Total revenues (1) 
 221,084 253,549 256,029 15 0 (1) 16 
 (1) Total constant currency revenues of 256.0 billion for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 35.0 billion compared to 221.1 billion in revenues, excluding hedging effect, for the nine months ended September 30, 2023. 
 EMEA revenue growth was not materially affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, as the effect of the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Turkish lira was largely offset by the U.S. dollar weakening relative to the British pound. 
 APAC revenue growth was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Japanese yen. 
 Other Americas revenue growth was unfavorably affected by changes in foreign currency exchange rates, primarily due to the U.S. dollar strengthening relative to the Argentine peso. 
 
 Costs and Expenses 
 40 

Cost of Revenues 
 The following table presents cost of revenues, including TAC (in millions, except percentages): Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 TAC 12,642 13,719 36,900 40,052 Other cost of revenues 20,587 22,755 58,857 65,641 Total cost of revenues 33,229 36,474 95,757 105,693 Total cost of revenues as a percentage of revenues 43 41 43 42 
 Cost of revenues increased 3.2 billion from the three months ended September 30, 2023 to the three months ended September 30, 2024 due to an increase in other cost of revenues and TAC of 2.2 billion and 1.1 billion, respectively. Cost of revenues increased 9.9 billion from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to an increase in other cost of revenues and TAC of 6.8 billion and 3.2 billion, respectively. 
 The increase in TAC from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was largely due to an increase in TAC paid to distribution partners, primarily driven by growth in revenues subject to TAC. The TAC rate decreased from 21.2 to 20.8 from the three months ended September 30, 2023 to the three months ended September 30, 2024 and decreased from 21.4 to 20.8 from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to a revenue mix shift from Google Network properties to Google Search other properties. The TAC rate on Google Search other revenues increased from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to increases related to mobile searches, which carries higher TAC because more mobile searches are channeled through paid access points. The TAC rate on Google Network revenues was substantially consistent from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 The increase in other cost of revenues from the three months ended September 30, 2023 to the three months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to increases in content acquisition costs, largely for YouTube, depreciation expense, and devices costs, due to Pixel family product launch timing in the third quarter this year as compared to the fourth quarter last year. 
 The increase in other cost of revenues from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the nine months ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to increases in content acquisition costs, largely for YouTube, depreciation expense, other technical infrastructure operations costs, and third-party service fees. Additionally, devices costs contributed to the increase in other cost of revenues due to the Pixel family product launch timing in the third quarter this year as compared to the fourth quarter last year. 
 
 Research and Development 
 The following table presents R D expenses (in millions, except percentages): Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 Research and development expenses 11,258 12,447 33,314 36,210 Research and development expenses as a percentage of revenues 15 14 15 14 
 R D expenses increased 1.2 billion from the three months ended September 30, 2023 to the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily driven by increases in compensation expenses of 358 million, depreciation expense of 353 million, and charges related to our office space optimization efforts of 188 million. The increase in compensation expenses was largely due to an increase in SBC expense of 214 million. 
 R D expenses increased 2.9 billion from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily driven by increases in depreciation expense of 993 million, compensation expenses of 879 million, and third-party services fees of 597 million. The increase in compensation expenses was primarily driven by a 1.0 billion increase in SBC expenses, which reflects the reduction in valuation-based compensation liabilities related to certain Other Bets recognized in the prior year comparable period, partially offset by a 554 million decrease in severance and related charges. 
 41 

Sales and Marketing 
 The following table presents sales and marketing expenses (in millions, except percentages): 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 Sales and marketing expenses 6,884 7,227 20,198 20,445 Sales and marketing expenses as a percentage of revenues 9 8 9 8 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased 343 million from the three months ended September 30, 2023 to the three months ended September 30, 2024, primarily driven by an increase in advertising and promotional activities of 206 million. 
 Sales and marketing expenses increased 247 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the nine months ended September 30, 2024, due to a combination of factors, none of which were individually significant. 
 
 General and Administrative 
 The following table presents general and administrative expenses (in millions, except percentages): Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 General and administrative expenses 3,979 3,599 11,219 9,783 General and administrative expenses as a percentage of revenues 5 4 5 4 
 General and administrative expenses decreased 380 million and 1.4 billion from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily driven by a reduction in charges related to legal and other matters of 693 million and 1.4 billion, respectively, partially offset by a combination of factors, none of which were individually significant. 
 
 Segment Profitability 
 The following table presents segment operating income (loss) (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 Operating income (loss): Google Services 23,937 30,856 69,128 88,427 Google Cloud 266 1,947 852 4,019 Other Bets (1,194) (1,116) (3,232) (3,270) Alphabet-level activities (1) 
 (1,666) (3,166) (6,152) (7,758) Total income from operations 21,343 28,521 60,596 81,418 
 (1) In addition to the costs included in Alphabet-level activities, hedging gains (losses) related to revenue were (1) million and 17 million for the three months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively, and 86 million and 191 million for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, respectively. For the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, Alphabet-level activities included substantially all of the charges related to employee severance and our office space optimization efforts. During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, we incurred office space charges totaling 607 million. For additional information relating to our segments, see Note 14 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 42 

Google Services 
 Google Services operating income increased 6.9 billion and 19.3 billion from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by an increase in revenues, partially offset by increases in TAC and content acquisition costs. Additionally, a reduction in compensation expenses contributed to the increase in operating income. 
 Google Cloud 
 Google Cloud operating income increased 1.7 billion and 3.2 billion from the three and nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively. The increase in operating income was primarily driven by an increase in revenues, partially offset by increases in usage costs for technical infrastructure assets as well as compensation expenses, largely driven by headcount growth. 
 Other Bets 
 Other Bets operating loss decreased 78 million from the three months ended September 30, 2023 to the three months ended September 30, 2024, due to a combination of factors, none of which were individually significant. 
 Other Bets operating loss increased 38 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase in operating loss was primarily due to an increase in expenses, largely driven by compensation expenses, partially offset by an increase in revenues. The increase in compensation expenses was primarily as a result of the reduction in valuation-based compensation liabilities related to certain Other Bets recognized in the prior year comparable period. 
 
 Other Income (Expense), Net 
 The following table presents OI E (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 Interest income 1,066 1,243 2,755 3,394 Interest expense (116) (54) (239) (215) Foreign currency exchange gain (loss), net (311) 23 (789) (388) Gain (loss) on debt securities, net (503) 160 (1,100) (612) Gain (loss) on equity securities, net (366) 1,821 (194) 3,350 Performance fees 179 29 302 261 Income (loss) and impairment from equity method investments, net (215) (107) (372) (101) Other 120 70 346 465 Other income (expense), net (146) 3,185 709 6,154 
 OI E increased 3.3 billion from the three months ended September 30, 2023 to the three months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was primarily due to an increase in net unrealized gains on equity securities driven by fair value adjustments related to observable transactions and market driven changes, and increased net gains on debt securities. 
 OI E increased 5.4 billion from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the nine months ended September 30, 2024. The increase was primarily due to an increase in net unrealized gains on non-marketable equity securities driven by fair value adjustments related to observable transactions and increased interest income related to higher interest rates. 
 
 For additional information, see Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 43 

Provision for Income Taxes 
 The following table presents provision for income taxes (in millions, except effective tax rate): 
 Three Months Ended Nine Months Ended September 30, September 30, 2023 2024 2023 2024 Income before provision for income taxes 21,197 31,706 61,305 87,572 Provision for income taxes 1,508 5,405 8,197 13,990 Effective tax rate 7.1 17.0 13.4 16.0 
 The effective tax rate increased from the three months ended September 30, 2023 to the three months ended September 30, 2024. This increase was primarily due to a cumulative one-time adjustment recorded for tax rule changes issued by the Internal Revenue Service (IRS) in the third quarter of 2023. Additionally, a decrease in the U.S. federal Foreign Derived Intangible Income tax deduction in 2024 contributed to the higher effective tax rate. 
 The effective tax rate increased from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the nine months ended September 30, 2024. This increase was primarily due to a one-time adjustment for tax rule changes issued by the IRS in the third quarter of 2023. Additionally, a decrease in the 2024 U.S. federal Foreign Derived Intangible Income tax deduction contributed to an increase in the effective tax rate. These factors were partially offset by an increase in stock-based compensation-related tax benefits in 2024. 
 The OECD is coordinating negotiations among more than 140 countries with the goal of achieving consensus around substantial changes to international tax policies, including the implementation of a minimum global effective tax rate of 15 . Some countries have already implemented the legislation effective January 1, 2024, and we expect others to follow, however we do not expect a material change to our income tax provision for the 2024 fiscal year. As additional jurisdictions enact such legislation, transitional rules lapse, and other provisions of the minimum tax legislation become effective, we expect our effective tax rate and cash tax payments could increase in future years. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 Cash, Cash Equivalents, and Marketable Securities 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 93.2 billion in cash, cash equivalents, and short-term marketable securities. Cash equivalents and marketable securities are comprised of time deposits, money market funds, highly liquid government bonds, corporate debt securities, mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, and marketable equity securities. 
 Sources, Uses of Cash and Related Trends 
 Our principal sources of liquidity are cash, cash equivalents, and marketable securities, as well as the cash flow that we generate from operations. The primary use of capital continues to be to invest for the long-term growth of the business. We regularly evaluate our cash and capital structure, including the size, pace, and form of capital return to stockholders. 
 The following table presents our cash flows (in millions): 
 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2023 2024 Net cash provided by operating activities 82,831 86,186 Net cash used in investing activities (20,896) (29,356) Net cash used in financing activities (52,785) (60,697) 
 Cash Provided by Operating Activities 
 Our largest source of cash provided by operations are advertising revenues generated by Google Search other properties, Google Network properties, and YouTube properties. In Google Services, we also generate cash through consumer subscriptions, the sale of apps and in-app purchases, and devices. In Google Cloud, we generate cash through consumption-based fees and subscriptions for infrastructure, platform, collaboration tools, and other cloud services. 
 Our primary uses of cash from operating activities include payments to distribution and Google Network partners, to employees for compensation, and to content providers. Other uses of cash from operating activities 
 44 

include payments to suppliers for devices, to tax authorities for income taxes, and other general corporate expenditures. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities increased from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to an increase in cash received from customers, partially offset by an increase in tax payments and a cash payment for the 2017 EC shopping fine. The increase in tax payments in comparison to the prior year comparable period was primarily due to the 2023 IRS payment deferral relief made available to taxpayers headquartered in designated counties in California. 
 Cash Used in Investing Activities 
 Cash provided by investing activities consists primarily of maturities and sales of investments in marketable and non-marketable securities. Cash used in investing activities consists primarily of purchases of marketable and non-marketable securities, purchases of property and equipment, and payments for acquisitions and purchases of intangible assets. 
 Net cash used in investing activities increased from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the nine months ended September 30, 2024 primarily due to an increase in purchases of property and equipment and purchases of marketable securities, partially offset by increases in maturities and sales of marketable securities. 
 Cash Used in Financing Activities 
 Cash provided by financing activities consists primarily of proceeds from issuance of debt and proceeds from the sale of interests in consolidated entities. Cash used in financing activities consists primarily of repurchases of stock, net payments related to stock-based award activities, payment of dividends, and repayments of debt. 
 Net cash used in financing activities increased from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the nine months ended September 30, 2024 due to dividend payments and net payments related to stock-based award activities. 
 Liquidity and Material Cash Requirements 
 We expect existing cash, cash equivalents, short-term marketable securities, and cash flows from operations and financing activities to continue to be sufficient to fund our operating activities and cash commitments for investing and financing activities for at least the next 12 months, and thereafter for the foreseeable future. 
 Capital Expenditures and Leases 
 We make investments in land and buildings for data centers and offices and information technology assets through purchases of property and equipment and lease arrangements to provide capacity for the growth of our services and products. 
 Capital Expenditures 
 Our capital investments in property and equipment consist primarily of the following major categories: 
 technical infrastructure, which consists of our investments in servers and network equipment for computing, storage, and networking requirements for ongoing business activities, including AI, (collectively referred to as our information technology assets) and data center land and building construction; and 
 office facilities, ground-up development projects, and building improvements (also referred to as "fit-outs"). 
 Construction in progress consists primarily of technical infrastructure and office facilities which have not yet been placed in service. The time frame from date of purchase to placement in service of these assets may extend from months to years. For example, our data center construction projects are generally multi-year projects with multiple phases, where we acquire land and buildings, construct buildings, and secure and install information technology assets. 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, we spent 21.2 billion and 38.3 billion on capital expenditures, respectively. We expect to increase, relative to 2023, our investment in our technical infrastructure, including servers, network equipment, and data centers, to support the growth of our business and our long-term initiatives, in particular in support of AI products and services. Depreciation of our property and equipment commences when the deployment of such assets are completed and are ready for our intended use. Land is not depreciated. For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, our depreciation on property and equipment was 8.6 billion and 11.1 billion, respectively. 
 Leases 
 45 

For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, we recognized total operating lease assets of 2.4 billion and 1.6 billion, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, the amount of total future lease payments under operating leases, which had a weighted average remaining lease term of 7.8 years, was 17.1 billion. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we have entered into leases that have not yet commenced with future lease payments of 6.1 billion, that are not yet recorded on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These leases will commence between 2024 and 2027 with non-cancelable lease terms of one to 25 years. 
 For the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024, our operating lease expenses (including variable lease costs) were 3.4 billion and 3.5 billion, respectively. Finance lease costs were not material for the nine months ended September 30, 2023 and 2024. 
 Financing 
 We have a short-term debt financing program of up to 10.0 billion through the issuance of commercial paper. Net proceeds from this program are used for general corporate purposes. As of September 30, 2024, we had 1.0 billion of short-term commercial paper outstanding. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had 10.0 billion of revolving credit facilities, 4.0 billion expiring in April 2025 and 6.0 billion expiring in April 2028. The interest rates for all credit facilities are determined based on a formula using certain market rates, as well as our progress toward the achievement of certain sustainability goals. No amounts have been borrowed under the credit facilities. 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had senior unsecured notes outstanding with a total carrying value of 11.9 billion. For additional information, see Note 5 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 We primarily utilize contract manufacturers for the assembly of our servers used in our technical infrastructure and devices we sell. We have agreements where we may purchase components directly from suppliers and then supply these components to contract manufacturers for use in the assembly of the servers and devices. Certain of these arrangements result in a portion of the cash received from and paid to the contract manufacturers to be presented as financing activities in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, we repurchased and subsequently retired 90 million and 293 million shares for 15.3 billion and 47.0 billion, respectively. 
 In April 2023, the Board of Directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to 70.0 billion of its Class A and Class C shares. Repurchases made pursuant to the April 2023 authorization were completed during the third quarter of 2024. In April 2024, the Board of Directors of Alphabet authorized the company to repurchase up to an additional 70.0 billion of its Class A and Class C shares. As of September 30, 2024, 59.7 billion remained available for Class A and Class C share repurchases. 
 The following table presents Class A and Class C shares repurchased and subsequently retired (in millions): 
 Three Months Ended September 30, 2024 Nine Months Ended September 30, 2024 Shares Amount Shares Amount Class A share repurchases 17 2,846 59 9,461 Class C share repurchases 73 12,453 234 37,493 Total share repurchases (1) 
 90 15,299 293 46,954 
 (1) Shares repurchased include unsettled repurchases as of September 30, 2024. 
 For additional information, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Dividend Program 
 During the three and nine months ended September 30, 2024, total cash dividends were 1.2 billion and 2.3 billion for Class A, 173 million and 346 million for Class B, and 1.1 billion and 2.2 billion for Class C shares, respectively. 
 The company intends to pay quarterly cash dividends in the future, subject to review and approval by the company s Board of Directors in its sole discretion. 
 46 

European Commission Fines 
 In 2017, 2018, and 2019, the EC announced decisions that certain actions taken by Google infringed European competition law and imposed fines of 2.4 billion 2.7 billion as of June 27, 2017), 4.3 billion 5.1 billion as of June 30, 2018), and 1.5 billion 1.7 billion as of March 20, 2019), respectively. 
 On September 14, 2022, the General Court reduced the 2018 fine from 4.3 billion to 4.1 billion. We subsequently appealed the General Court's decision to the European Court of Justice. 
 On September 10, 2024, the European Court of Justice rejected our appeal of the 2017 decision and upheld the 2.4 billion fine. In the third quarter of 2024, we made a cash payment of 3.0 billion for the 2017 shopping fine. 
 On September 18, 2024, the EU's General Court overturned the 2019 decision and annulled the 1.5 billion fine. The EC has until November 28, 2024 to appeal the decision. 
 We included the EC fines, including any under appeal, in accrued expenses and other current liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, as we provided bank guarantees (in lieu of a cash payment) for the fines. For additional information, see Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Taxes 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had short-term income taxes payable of 2.7 billion, related to a one-time transition tax payable incurred as a result of the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act ("Tax Act"). As permitted by the Tax Act, we will pay the remaining transition tax installment in 2025. We also have long-term taxes payable of 8.2 billion primarily related to uncertain tax positions as of September 30, 2024. 
 Purchase Commitments and Other Contractual Obligations 
 As of September 30, 2024, we had material purchase commitments and other contractual obligations of 50.8 billion, of which 31.1 billion was short-term. These amounts primarily consist of purchase orders for certain technical infrastructure as well as the non-cancelable portion or the minimum cancellation fee in certain agreements related to commitments to purchase licenses, including content licenses, inventory, and network capacity. For those agreements with variable terms, we do not estimate the non-cancelable obligation beyond any minimum quantities and/or pricing as of September 30, 2024. In certain instances, the amount of our contractual obligations may change based on the expected timing of order fulfillment from our suppliers. For more information related to our content licenses, see Note 9 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item I of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 In addition, we regularly enter into multi-year, non-cancellable agreements to purchase renewable energy and energy attributes, such as renewable energy certificates. These agreements do not include a minimum dollar commitment. The amounts to be paid under these agreements are based on the actual volumes to be generated and are not readily determinable. 
 
 Critical Accounting Estimates 
 See Part II, Item 7, "Critical Accounting Estimates" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 Available Information 
 Our website is located at www.abc.xyz , and our investor relations website is located at www.abc.xyz/investor . Access to our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and our Proxy Statements, and any amendments to these reports, is available on our investor relations website, free of charge, after we file or furnish them with the SEC and they are available on the SEC's website at www.sec.gov . 
 We webcast via our investor relations website our earnings calls and certain events we participate in or host with members of the investment community. Our investor relations website also provides notifications of news or announcements regarding our financial performance and other items of interest to our investors, including SEC filings, investor events, press and earnings releases, and blogs. We also share Google news and product updates on Google s Keyword blog at https://www.blog.google/ , which may be of interest or material to our investors. Further, corporate governance information, including our certificate of incorporation, bylaws, governance guidelines, board committee charters, and code of conduct, is also available on our investor relations website under the heading "Governance." The content of our websites is not incorporated by reference into this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our websites are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 47 

ITEM 3. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 For quantitative and qualitative disclosures about market risk, refer to Part II, Item 7A, Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk, in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 
 ITEM 4. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 Our management, with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures pursuant to Rule 13a-15 under the Exchange Act, as of the end of the period covered by this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 Based on this evaluation, our chief executive officer and chief financial officer concluded that, as of September 30, 2024, our disclosure controls and procedures are designed at a reasonable assurance level and are effective to provide reasonable assurance that information we are required to disclose in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 There have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures 
 In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. 
 48 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 For a description of our material pending legal proceedings, see Note 9 Commitments and Contingencies - Legal Matters of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, which is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 Our operations and financial results are subject to various risks and uncertainties, including but not limited to those described in Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2023, as updated in our subsequent Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results, and affect the trading price of our Class A and Class C stock. Below are material changes to our risk factors since our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended June 30, 2024. 
 We are and may continue to be subject to claims, lawsuits, regulatory and government inquiries and investigations, enforcement actions, consent orders, and other forms of regulatory scrutiny and legal liability, including competition matters, that could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 
 We are subject to claims, lawsuits, regulatory and government inquiries and investigations, other proceedings, and orders involving competition, intellectual property, data privacy and security, tax and related compliance, labor and employment, commercial disputes, content generated by our users, goods and services offered by advertisers or publishers using our platforms, personal injury, and other matters. 
 The DOJ, various U.S. states, and other plaintiffs have filed, and may continue to file in the future, several antitrust lawsuits about various aspects of our business, including our advertising technologies and practices, the operation and distribution of Google Search, and the operation and distribution of the Android operating system and Play Store. 
 For example, the DOJ and a number of state Attorneys General filed a lawsuit alleging that Google violated antitrust laws relating to Search and Search advertising, and in August 2024, the U.S. District Court for the District of Columbia ruled that Google violated such antitrust laws. The Court is holding a separate proceeding to determine remedies, which could include alterations to our products and services and our business models and operations, including structural remedies, and/or our distribution arrangements, among other changes. While we plan to appeal, there can be no assurance that our appeal will succeed, or that we will be able to change or decrease the severity of any remedies that may be ordered, and any or all of these potential remedies could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 
 Also, in December 2023, a California jury delivered a verdict in Epic Games v. Google finding that Google violated antitrust laws related to Google Play's business. The presiding judge issued a remedies decision on October 7, 2024 that ordered a variety of alterations to our business models and operations and contractual agreements for Android and Google Play. We are appealing and have filed a motion to pause the implementation of some of the remedies pending the appeal, but there can be no assurance that we will be successful in our appeal or in our efforts to pause the implementation of the remedies pending the appeal. If we are unsuccessful, we could face significant expenses to implement the remedies, and such costs and alterations could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 
 Other regulatory agencies in the U.S. and around the world, including competition enforcers, consumer protection agencies, and data protection authorities, have challenged and may continue to challenge our business practices and compliance with laws and regulations. We are cooperating with these investigations and defending litigation or appealing decisions where appropriate. 
 We are also subject to a variety of claims including product warranty, product liability, and consumer protection claims related to product defects, among other litigation, and we may also be subject to claims involving health and safety, hazardous materials usage, other environmental effects, AI training, development, and commercialization, or service disruptions or failures. Claims have been brought, and we expect will continue to be brought, against us for defamation, negligence, breaches of contract, patent, copyright and trademark infringement, unfair competition, unlawful activity, torts, privacy rights violations, fraud, or other legal theories based on the nature and content of information available on or via our services, the design and effect of our products and services, or due to our involvement in hosting, transmitting, marketing, branding, or providing access to content created by third parties. 
 49 

Various laws, regulations, investigations, enforcement lawsuits, and regulatory actions have involved in the past, and may in the future result in substantial fines and penalties, injunctive relief, ongoing monitoring and auditing obligations, changes to our products and services, alterations to our business models and operations, including divestiture, and collateral related civil litigation or other adverse consequences. Any of these legal proceedings could also result in legal costs, diversion of management resources, and negative publicity, all of which could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 
 Estimating liabilities for our pending proceedings is a complex, fact-specific, and speculative process that requires significant judgment, and the amounts we are ultimately liable for may be less than or exceed our estimates. The resolution of one or more such proceedings has resulted in, and may in the future result in, additional substantial fines, penalties, injunctions, and other sanctions that could harm our business, reputation, financial condition, and operating results. 
 For additional information about the ongoing material legal proceedings to which we are subject, see Legal Proceedings in Part II, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 
 ITEM 2. UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 The following table presents information with respect to Alphabet's repurchases of Class A and Class C stock during the quarter ended September 30, 2024. Period Total Number of Class A Shares Purchased 
 (in thousands) (1) 
 Total Number of Class C Shares Purchased 
 (in thousands) (1) 
 Average Price Paid per Class A Share (2) 
 Average Price Paid per Class C Share (2) 
 Total Number of Shares Purchased as Part of Publicly Announced Programs 
 (in thousands) (1) 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares that May Yet Be Purchased Under the Program (in millions) July 1 - 31 6,230 24,043 181.08 182.81 30,273 69,418 August 1 - 31 6,109 24,867 165.21 166.46 30,976 64,304 September 1 - 30 4,431 24,451 159.86 160.26 28,882 59,704 Total 16,770 73,361 90,131 
 (1) Repurchases are being executed from time to time, subject to general business and market conditions and other investment opportunities, through open market purchases or privately negotiated transactions, including through Rule 10b5-1 plans. The repurchase program does not have an expiration date. For additional information related to share repurchases, see Note 10 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included in Part I, Item 1 of this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. 
 (2) Average price paid per share includes costs associated with the repurchases. 
 
 ITEM 5. OTHER INFORMATION 
 10b5-1 Trading Plans 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, the following Section 16 director adopted, modified, or a Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangement (as defined in Item 408 of Regulation S-K of the Exchange Act): 
 , a member of the of Alphabet, a trading plan on (with the first trade under the plan scheduled for October 30, 2024). The trading plan will be effective until to sell 50 of the (net) shares resulting from the vesting of 3,345 (gross) shares of Class C Capital Stock, in addition to 50 of the (net) shares of any future grants awarded during the term of the plan. 
 There were during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 by our directors and Section 16 officers. Each of the Rule 10b5-1 trading arrangements are in accordance with our Policy Against Insider Trading and actual sale transactions made pursuant to such trading arrangements will be disclosed publicly in Section 16 filings with the SEC in accordance with applicable securities laws, rules, and regulations. 
 Compensatory Arrangements of Certain Officers 
 On April 16, 2024, the Leadership Development, Inclusion and Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of Alphabet approved the accrual of dividend equivalent units to holders of all unvested stock units, subject to the approval of a dividend declaration by the Board of Directors of the company (which was announced 
 50 

on October 29, 2024). As stock units are not outstanding shares of stock and thus would not otherwise be entitled to participate in any dividends (including the one referenced above), the crediting of dividend equivalent units is intended to preserve the equity-based incentives intended by the company when the stock units were granted and to treat the holders of stock units consistently with all stockholders. 
 Required Disclosure Pursuant to Section 13(r) of the Exchange Act 
 During the quarter ended September 30, 2024, Google LLC, a subsidiary of Alphabet, filed a notification with the Russian Federal Security Service (FSB) pursuant to Russian encryption control requirements, which must be complied with prior to the import of covered items. Neither we nor our subsidiaries generated any gross revenues or net profits directly from such activity and neither we nor our subsidiaries sell to the FSB. In the ordinary course of its business, Alphabet expects that Google LLC will continue to file these notifications as required under Russian law. 
 51 

ITEM 6. EXHIBITS 
 Exhibit Number Description Incorporated by reference herein Form Date 31.01 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.02 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a), as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.01 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 __________________________ Indicates management compensatory plan, contract, or arrangement. Filed herewith. Furnished herewith. 
 
 52 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 ALPHABET INC. October 29, 2024 By: /s/ Anat Ashkenazi Anat Ashkenazi Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 ALPHABET INC. October 29, 2024 By: /s/ AMIE THUENER O'TOOLE Amie Thuener O'Toole Vice President, Corporate Controller and Principal Accounting Officer 
 
 53 

<EX-31.01>
 2
 googexhibit3101q32024.htm
 EX-31.01

Document 
 Exhibit 31.01 

 CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Sundar Pichai, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Alphabet Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 S S UNDAR P ICHAI 
 Sundar Pichai Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.01>

<EX-31.02>
 3
 googexhibit3102q32024.htm
 EX-31.02

Document 
 Exhibit 31.02 

CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 EXCHANGE ACT RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a), 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Anat Ashkenazi, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Alphabet Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 s Anat Ashkenazi Anat Ashkenazi Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.02>

<EX-32.01>
 4
 googexhibit3201q32024.htm
 EX-32.01

Document 
 Exhibit 32.01 

CERTIFICATIONS OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Sundar Pichai, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Alphabet Inc. for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Alphabet Inc. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 By S S UNDAR P ICHAI 
 Name Sundar Pichai Title Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 I, Anat Ashkenazi, certify pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Alphabet Inc. for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2024, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that information contained in such Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of Alphabet Inc. 
 Date October 29, 2024 
 By s Anat Ashkenazi Name Anat Ashkenazi Title Senior Vice President, Chief Financial Officer 
 The foregoing certifications are not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), and are not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of Alphabet Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such filing. 

</EX-32.01>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 goog-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 6
 goog-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 goog-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 goog-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 goog-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

