<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20241106_10-Q_edgar_data_811830_0000811830-24-000054.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>33047381</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>278721</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3052558</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>18043344</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5299283</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>5350941</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000811830-24-000054.hdr.sgml : 20241106
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20241106151318
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000811830-24-000054
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-Q
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		145
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20240930
FILED AS OF DATE:		20241106
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20241106

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Santander Holdings USA, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000811830
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		ORGANIZATION NAME:           	02 Finance
		IRS NUMBER:				232453088
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			VA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-Q
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-16581
		FILM NUMBER:		241430441

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 STATE STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02109
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8004938219

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		75 STATE STREET
		CITY:			BOSTON
		STATE:			MA
		ZIP:			02109

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOVEREIGN BANCORP INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000811830-24-000054.txt : 20241106

10-Q
 1
 sov-20240930.htm
 10-Q

sov-20240930 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 (Mark One) 
 Quarterly Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the quarterly period ended 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 Commission File Number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 
 Registrant s telephone number including area code 
 Not applicable 
 (Former name, former address and former fiscal year, if changed since last report) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered Not Applicable Not Applicable Not Applicable 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. . No . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation ST (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). . No . 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, "smaller reporting company," and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act) Yes . No . 
 Number of shares of common stock outstanding at October 31, 2024 : shares 

Table of Contents 

INDEX 
 Page PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 Item 1. Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 
 4 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 5 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 6 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Stockholder's Equity for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 7 
 Condensed Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 8 
 Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 9 
 Item 2. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 74 
 Item 3. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 111 
 Item 4. Controls and Procedures 
 111 
 PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 
 111 
 Item 1. Legal Proceedings 
 111 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 111 
 Item 2. Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and Use of Proceeds 
 111 
 Item 3. Defaults upon Senior Securities 
 111 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 111 
 Item 5. Other Information 
 112 
 Item 6. Exhibits 
 113 
 SIGNATURES 
 114 
 Ex-31.1 Certification Ex-31.2 Certification Ex-32.1 Certification Ex-32.2 Certification EX-101 INSTANCE DOCUMENT EX-101 SCHEMA DOCUMENT EX-101 CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT EX-101 LABELS LINKBASE DOCUMENT EX-101 PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT EX-101 DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC., AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 
 This Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Any statements about the Company s expectations, beliefs, plans, predictions, forecasts, objectives, assumptions, or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words and phrases such as may, could, should, will, would, believes, expects, anticipates, estimates, intends, plans, assumes," "goal," "seeks," "can," "predicts," "potential," "projects," "continuing," "ongoing," and similar expressions. 
 
 Although the Company believes that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking statements are reasonable as of the date on which the statements are made, these statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks and uncertainties which are subject to change based on various important factors and assumptions, some of which are beyond the Company's control. Among the factors that could cause the Company s financial performance to differ materially from that suggested by forward-looking statements are: 
 
 the effects of regulation, actions and/or policies of the Federal Reserve, the FDIC, the OCC and the CFPB, and other changes in monetary and fiscal policies and regulations, including policies that affect market interest rates and money supply, as well as the impact of changes in and interpretations of GAAP, the failure to adhere to which could subject SHUSA and/or its subsidiaries to formal or informal regulatory compliance and enforcement actions and result in fines, penalties, restitution and other costs and expenses, changes in our business practice, and reputational harm; 
 increased credit risk exposure to the extent our loans are concentrated by loan type, industry segment, borrower type or location of the borrower or collateral, and changes in the credit quality of SHUSA's customers and counterparties; 
 adverse economic conditions in the United States and worldwide, including the extent of recessionary conditions in the U .S. and the strength of the U.S. economy in general and regional and local economies in which SHUSA conducts operations in particular, which may affect, among other things, the level of non-performing assets, charge-offs, and credit loss expense; 
 inflation, interest rate, market and monetary fluctuations may, among other things, reduce net interest margins and impact funding sources, revenue and expenses, the value of assets and obligations, and the ability to originate and distribute financial products in the primary and secondary markets; 
 bank failures and actual or perceived adverse developments at other banks, including financial or operational failures and concerns about creditworthiness or the ability of other banks to fulfill their obligations, may lead to decreased customer and investor sentiment regarding the stability and liquidity of banks in general, reduced interest by customers and investors to use banking services and enter into transactions with banks, disruption in the financial markets, increased expenses for banks such as higher FDIC insurance premiums, and increased regulation of banks by supervisory authorities as they seek to manage or mitigate such adverse developments; 
 ris ks SHUSA faces implementing its growth strategy, including SHUSA's ability to grow revenue, manage expenses, attract and retain highly-skilled people, successfully complete and integrate mergers and acquisitions, and raise capital necessary to achieve its business goals and comply with regulatory requirements; 
 SHUSA s ability to effectively manage its capital and liquidity, including non-objection to its capital plans by its regulators and its subsidiaries' ability to continue to pay dividends to it; 
 reduction in SHUSA's access to funding or increases in the cost of its funding, such as in connection with changes in credit ratings assigned to SHUSA or its subsidiaries, or a significant reduction in customer deposits; 
 adverse movements and volatility in debt and equity capital markets and adverse changes in securities markets, including those related to the financial condition of significant issuers in SHUSA s investment portfolio; 
 the ability to manage risks inherent in our businesses, including through effective use of systems and controls, insurance, derivatives and capital management; 
 SHUSA s ability to timely develop competitive new products and services in a changing environment that are responsive to the needs of SHUSA's customers and are profitable to SHUSA, the success of our marketing efforts to customers, and the potential for new products and services to impose additional unexpected costs, losses, or other liabilities not anticipated at their initiation, and expose SHUSA to increased operational risk; 
 competitors of SHUSA who may have greater financial resources or lower costs, or be subject to different regulatory requirements than SHUSA, may innovate more effectively, or may develop products and technology that enable those competitors to compete more successfully than SHUSA and cause SHUSA to lose business or market share and impact our net income adversely; 
 SC's agreement with Stellantis not resulting in currently anticipated levels of growth; 
 changes in customer spending, investment or savings behavior; 
 the ability of SHUSA and its third-party vendors to convert, maintain and upgrade, as necessary, SHUSA s data processing and other IT infrastructure on a timely and acceptable basis, within projected cost estimates and without significant disruption to our business; 
 SHUSA's ability to control operational risks, data security breach risks and outsourcing risks, and the possibility of errors in quantitative models and software SHUSA uses in its business, including as a result of cyberattacks, technological failure, human error, fraud or malice by internal or external parties, and the possibility that SHUSA's controls will prove insufficient, fail or be circumvented; 
 changing federal, state, and local tax laws and regulations, which may include tax rates changes, that could materially adversely affect our business, including changes to tax laws and regulations and the outcome of ongoing tax audits by federal, state and local income tax authorities that may require SHUSA to pay additional taxes or recover fewer overpayments compared to what has been accrued or paid as of period-end; 
 the costs and effects of regulatory or judicial actions or proceedings, including possible business restrictions resulting from such actions or proceedings; 
 the pursuit of protectionist trade or other related policies, including tariffs and sanctions by the U.S., its global trading partners and/or other countries, and/or trade disputes generally; 
 adverse publicity or negative public opinion, whether specific to SHUSA or regarding other industry participants or industry-wide factors, or other reputational harm; 
 SHUSA s ability to implement its ESG strategy and appropriately address social, environmental and sustainability matters that may arise from its activities; 
 natural or man-made disasters including pandemics and other significant public health emergencies, effects of climate change, and SHUSA's ability to deal with disruptions caused by such disasters and emergencies; 
 local, regional or global geopolitical tensions and hostilities, including acts of terrorism or domestic or foreign military conflicts and escalations of hostilities; and 
 the other factors that are described in Part I, Item IA - Risk Factors of the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2023. 
 
 If one or more of the factors affecting the Company s forward-looking information and statements renders forward-looking information or statements incorrect, the Company s actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those expressed in, or implied by, the forward-looking information and statements. Therefore, the Company cautions the reader not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking information or statements herein. The effect of these factors is difficult to predict. Factors other than these also could adversely affect the Company s results, and the reader should not consider these factors to be a complete set of all potential risks or uncertainties as new factors emerge from time to time. Management cannot assess the impact of any such factor on the Company s business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statement. Any forward-looking statements reflect the current beliefs and expectations of the Company's management and only speak as of the date of this document, and the Company undertakes no obligation to update any forward-looking information or statements, whether written or oral, to reflect any change, except as required by law. All forward-looking statements attributable to the Company are expressly qualified by these cautionary statements. 

1 

Table of Contents 

SHUSA provides the following list of abbreviations and acronyms as a tool for the readers that are used in Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements and the Notes to Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 ABS: Asset-backed securities Early stage delinquency: loans that are greater than 30 DPD, but less than 90 DPD ACL: Allowance for credit losses EFG: Enterprise Financial Group AFS: Available-for-sale EIR: Effective interest rate ALLL: Allowance for loan and lease losses ERISA: Employee Retirement Security Act of 1974, as amended AOCI: Accumulated other comprehensive income ESG: Environmental, Social, and Governance ASC: Accounting Standards Codification ETR: Effective tax rate ASU: Accounting Standards Update Evaluation Date: September 30, 2024 ATM: Automated teller machine Exchange Act: Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended BHC: Bank holding company Expanded Risk-Based Approach: New approach for calculating risk-weighted assets proposed by the federal banking agencies BHCA: Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended FASB: Financial Accounting Standards Board BOLI: Bank-owned life insurance FBO: Foreign banking organization Broker-Dealers: SanCap and SSLLC FDIA: Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation Improvement Act BSI: Banco Santander International FDIC: Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation C I: Commercial and Industrial Banking Federal Reserve: Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System Capital Proposal: Proposed revisions to capital rules issued by federal banking agencies on July 27, 2023 FHLB: Federal Home Loan Bank CBB: Consumer and Business Banking FHLMC: Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation CCAP: Chrysler Capital; trade name used in providing services under the MPLFA FICO : Fair Isaac Corporation credit scoring model CD: Certificate of deposit FNMA: Federal National Mortgage Association CECL: Current expected credit losses as defined by FASB ASC Topic 326 FOMC: Federal Open Market Committee CEO: Chief Executive Officer FRB: Federal Reserve Bank CET1: Common equity Tier 1 FTP: Funds transfer pricing CEVF: Commercial equipment vehicle financing FVO: Fair value option CFPB: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau GAAP: Accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America CFO: Chief Financial Officer GDP: Gross domestic product CFTC: Commodity Futures Trading Commission GNMA: Government National Mortgage Association CIB: Corporate and Investment Banking GSIB: Globally systemically important bank CID: Civil investigative demand HFI: Held-for-investment CLTV: Combined loan-to-value HFS: Held-for-sale CME: Chicago Mercantile Exchange HPI: Housing Price Index Company: Santander Holdings USA, Inc. HTM: Held-to-maturity Covered Fund: a hedge fund or a private equity fund IBOR: Inter-bank offered rate COVID-19: a novel strain of coronavirus declared a pandemic by the World Health Organization in March 2020 IDI: Insured depository institution CPR: Constant prepayment rate IHC: U.S. intermediate holding company CRA: Community Reinvestment Act IRS: Internal Revenue Service CRE: Commercial Real Estate ISDA: International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. DCF: Discounted cash flow IT: Information technology DFA: Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act LBO: Large banking organizations with assets of 100 billion or more DIF: Deposit Insurance Fund LCR: Liquidity coverage ratio DOJ: Department of Justice LGD: Loss given default DPD: Days past due LHFI: Loans held for investment DRIVE: Drive Auto Receivables Trust, a securitization platform LHFS: Loans held for sale DTI: Debt-to-income LIBOR: London Interbank Offered Rate EAD: Exposure at default LIHTC: Low income housing tax credit MBS: Mortgage-backed securities LTD: Long-term debt MD A: Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations LTV: Loan-to-value Moody s: Moody's Investors Service, Inc. SBALT: SBNA Auto Lease Trust 
 2 

Table of Contents 

MPLFA: Master private-label financing agreement with Stellantis SBAT: SBNA Auto Receivable Trust MSR: Mortgage servicing right SBNA or the Bank: Santander Bank, National Association MVE: Market value of equity SC: Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. and its subsidiaries NCI: Non-controlling interest SCARF: Santander Consumer Auto Receivables Funding NCO: Net charge-off SCART: Santander Consumer Auto Receivables Trust NFA: National Futures Association SCB: Stress capital buffer NMDs: Non-maturity deposits SCF: Statement of cash flows NMTC: New market tax credits SDART: Santander Drive Auto Receivables Trust NOI: Net operating income SDGT: Specially Designated Global Terrorist NPL: Non-performing loan SEC: Securities and Exchange Commission NPR: Notice of proposed rule-making Securities Act: Securities Act of 1933, as amended OCC: Office of the Comptroller of the Currency Securities Financing Activities: Resale, repurchase securities borrowed and securities lending agreements OCI: Other comprehensive income SHUSA: Santander Holdings USA, Inc. OECD: Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development SOFR: Secured overnight financing rate OEM: Original equipment manufacturer SPAIN: Santander Private Auto Issuing Note OIS: Overnight indexed swap SPE: Special purpose entity OREO: Other real estate owned SSLLC: Santander Securities LLC Parent Company: The parent holding company of SBNA and other consolidated subsidiaries Stellantis: Fiat Chrysler Automobiles U.S. LLC parent Stellantis N.V. and/or any affiliates PCH: Pierpont Capital Holdings LLC, now known as Santander Capital Holdings LLC Subvention: Reimbursement of the finance provider by a manufacturer for the difference between a market loan or lease rate and the below-market rate given to a customer. PD: Probability of default TDR: Troubled debt restructuring Related Party Acquirer: Santander subsidiary that acquired Services and Promotions Delaware Corp. TLAC: Total loss-absorbing capacity RIC: Retail installment contract TLAC Rule: The Federal Reserve's TLAC rule ROU: Right-of-use Trusts: Securitization trusts RV: Recreational vehicle UPB: Unpaid principal balance RWA: Risk-weighted asset VIE: Variable interest entity S P: Standard Poor's VOE: Voting interest entity SanCap: Santander US Capital Markets LLC YTD: Year-to-date Santander: Banco Santander, S.A. Santander UK: Santander UK plc 

3 

Table of Contents 

PART I. FINANCIAL INFORMATION 
 
 ITEM 1 - CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 
 SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 Unaudited (In thousands) 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements or similar arrangements (1) 
 Investment securities: AFS at fair value (amortized cost of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Trading securities HTM (fair value of and as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Other investments LHFI (2) (6) 
 ALLL (6) 
 ) ) Net LHFI LHFS (3) 
 Premises and equipment, net (4) 
 Operating lease assets, net (6)(7) 
 Goodwill Intangible assets, net BOLI Restricted cash (6) 
 Other assets (5) (6) 
 TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES Accounts payables and accrued expenses Deposits and other customer accounts Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements (8) 
 Trading liabilities Borrowings and other debt obligations (6) 
 Advance payments by borrowers for taxes and insurance Deferred tax liabilities, net Other liabilities (6) 
 TOTAL LIABILITIES Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) 
 shares authorized; shares outstanding at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY Common stock and paid-in capital (no par value; shares authorized; shares outstanding at both September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively) 
 Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes ) ) Retained earnings / (accumulated deficit) 
 ) ) TOTAL STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY TOTAL LIABILITIES, MEZZANINE AND STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY 
 (1) billion and billion of contracts held at the FVO, at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, 
 (2) million and million of loans recorded at fair value at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (3) billion and million of loans recorded at the FVO at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (4) billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (5) million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, for which the Company has elected the FVO. 
 (6) billion and billion, LHFS included billion , Operating leases assets, net included billion and billion, restricted cash included million and million, Other assets included million and million, Borrowings and other debt obligations included billion and billion, and Other liabilities included million and million of assets or liabilities, respectively, that were included within VIEs. See Note 7 to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 (7) billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (8) million and million of contracts recorded at the FVO at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 See accompanying notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 4 

Table of Contents 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Unaudited (In thousands) 
 Three months ended September 30, 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2024 2023 2024 2023 INTEREST INCOME: Loans Interest-earning deposits Interest and fees on federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements or similar arrangements Investment securities: AFS 
 HTM Trading securities Other investments TOTAL INTEREST INCOME INTEREST EXPENSE: Deposits and other customer accounts Interest expense on federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements Interest expense on trading liabilities Borrowings and other debt obligations TOTAL INTEREST EXPENSE NET INTEREST INCOME Credit loss expense 
 NET INTEREST INCOME AFTER CREDIT LOSS EXPENSE 
 NON-INTEREST INCOME: Consumer and commercial fees Capital markets and foreign exchange income Lease income Miscellaneous income, net (1) 
 TOTAL FEES AND OTHER INCOME Net gain on sale of investment securities 
 TOTAL NON-INTEREST INCOME GENERAL, ADMINISTRATIVE AND OTHER EXPENSES: Compensation and benefits Occupancy and equipment expenses Technology, outside service, and marketing expense Loan expense Lease expense Other expenses TOTAL GENERAL, ADMINISTRATIVE AND OTHER EXPENSES INCOME / (LOSS) BEFORE INCOME TAX 
 ) Income tax (benefit) 
 ) ) ) ) NET INCOME 
 (1) 
 
 See accompanying notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 5 

Table of Contents 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 Unaudited (In thousands) 
 Three months ended September 30, 
 Nine months ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 2024 2023 NET INCOME Net unrealized changes in cash flow hedge derivative financial instruments, net of tax 
 Net unrealized gains / (losses) on investment in debt securities, net of tax 
 ) ) Pension and post-retirement actuarial gains, net of tax TOTAL OTHER COMPREHENSIVE INCOME, NET OF TAX 
 COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 

See accompanying notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 6 

Table of Contents 

SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDER'S EQUITY 
 Unaudited (In thousands) 
 Common Shares Outstanding Common Stock and Paid-in Capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes Retained Earnings / (Accumulated Deficit) 
 Total Stockholder's Equity Preferred Stock Mezzanine Balance, July 1, 2024 ) ) Comprehensive income Dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) Common Shares Outstanding Common Stock and Paid-in Capital Accumulated other comprehensive loss, net of taxes Retained Earnings Total Stockholder's Equity Preferred Stock Mezzanine Balance, July 1, 2023 ) Comprehensive (loss) / income Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) Balance, September 30, 2023 
 ) 
 
 Common Shares Outstanding Common Stock and Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income / (Loss), Net of Tax 
 Retained Earnings / (Accumulated Deficit) 
 Total Stockholder's Equity Preferred Stock Mezzanine Balance, January 1, 2024 ) ) Comprehensive income Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) Sale of subsidiary (Note 1) Balance, September 30, 2024 
 ) ) Common Shares Outstanding Common Stock and Paid-in Capital Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss, Net of Tax Retained Earnings Total Stockholder's Equity Preferred Stock Mezzanine Balance, January 1, 2023 ) Cumulative-effect adjustment upon adoption of new accounting standards (Note 1) ) ) Comprehensive income Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) Preferred stock offering Balance, September 30, 2023 
 ) 

See accompanying notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 
 CONDENSED CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 Unaudited (in thousands) 

Nine months ended September 30, 
 2024 2023 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: Net income 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: Credit loss expense/(benefit) Deferred tax (benefit) / expense 
 ) ) Depreciation, amortization and accretion Net (gain)/loss on sale or disposal of loans, investment securities, and other assets ) ) Originations and purchases of LHFS 
 ) Proceeds from sales of and collections on LHFS Net change in: Trading securities and trading liabilities, net ) ) Other assets and BOLI ) ) Other liabilities ) Other operating activities, net ) ) NET CASH (USED IN) / PROVIDED BY OPERATING ACTIVITIES 
 ) CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: Proceeds from sales of AFS investment securities Proceeds from prepayments and maturities of AFS investment securities Purchases of AFS investment securities ) ) Proceeds from prepayments and maturities of HTM investment securities Purchases of HTM investment securities ) Proceeds from sales of equity method and other investments Proceeds from maturities of other investments Purchases of and contributions to equity method and other investments ) ) Distributions from equity method investments Net change in federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements 
 Proceeds from sales of LHFI Purchases of LHFI ) ) Proceeds from settlements of BOLI policies Net change in loans other than purchases and sales ) ) Purchases and originations of operating leases ) ) Proceeds from the sale and termination of operating leases Purchases and sales of premises and equipment, net 
 ) ) Proceeds from sale of residual interest in VIE 
 Proceeds from the sale of subsidiary 
 NET CASH (USED IN) / PROVIDED BY INVESTING ACTIVITIES 
 CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: Net change in deposits and other customer accounts ) Net change in short-term borrowings ) Net proceeds from long-term borrowings Repayments of long-term borrowings ) ) Net change in federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 
 ) Dividends paid on common stock ) ) Dividends paid on preferred stock ) ) Preferred stock offering Proceeds from the sale of subsidiary, net of tax 
 Other financing activities, net NET CASH PROVIDED BY / (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES 
 ) NET (DECREASE) / INCREASE IN CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH 
 ) CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, BEGINNING OF PERIOD CASH, CASH EQUIVALENTS AND RESTRICTED CASH, END OF PERIOD (1) 
 NON-CASH TRANSACTIONS Loans transferred to/(from) OREO and other repossessed assets 
 Loans transferred from/(to) LHFI (from)/to LHFS, net Transfer of financial interest in a VIE - Loans Transfer of financial interest in a VIE - Borrowings 
 Non-cash transfer of financial assets in an off-balance sheet securitization transaction 
 (1) billion and billion, respectively, and restricted cash balances of billion and billion, respectively. 
 
 See accompanying notes to Unaudited Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements 
 8 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 1. 
 
 million. The Company recorded proceeds in excess of its carrying value (approximately million, net of a tax effect of million) to additional paid-in capital as a result of the transaction between entities under common control. 
 
 Joint Venture with FDIC 
 
 In December 2023, SBNA acquired a percent interest in the Structured LLC for approximately billion. The Structured LLC was established by the FDIC to hold and service a billion portfolio primarily consisting of New York-based rent-controlled and rent-stabilized multifamily loans retained by the FDIC following a recent bank failure. SBNA classifies its percent interest in the Structured LLC as an AFS debt security. Under the terms of the arrangement, SBNA will receive payments from the Structured LLC generated from net cash flows of the underlying loans based on its proportionate interest in the Structured LLC. SBNA is manager and servicer of the loan portfolio and is paid a market rate fees by the Structured LLC. 

9 

Table of Contents 

million, a decrease in retained earnings of approximately million and a decrease in deferred tax liabilities of approximately million. Refer to Note 3 for additional information on modified loans. 

10 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 2. 
 
 Corporate debt securities ) ABS ) ) Beneficial Interest in Structured LLC (1) 
 MBS: GNMA - Residential ) ) GNMA - Commercial ) ) FHLMC and FNMA - Residential ) ) FHLMC and FNMA - Commercial ) ) Unallocated fair value hedge basis adjustment (2) 
 ) ) Total investments in debt securities AFS ) ) 
 (1) Represents a percent interest in the Structured LLC to hold and service a pool of multi-family loans. 
 (2) The Company has entered into fair value hedges of portions of a closed portfolio of AFS debt securities, using the portfolio layer method. Refer to Note 12 for additional information. 
 
 ) ) MBS: GNMA - Residential ) ) GNMA - Commercial ) ) FHLMC and FNMA - Residential ) ) Total investments in debt securities HTM ) ) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had investment securities with an estimated carrying value of billion and billion, respectively, pledged as collateral. The Company's investment securities pledged as collateral were comprised of the following: billion and billion, respectively, were pledged as collateral for the Company's borrowing capacity with the FRB; billion and billion, respectively, were pledged to secure public fund deposits; million and million, respectively, were pledged to various independent parties to secure repurchase agreements, support hedging relationships, and for recourse on loan sales; million and million, respectively, were pledged to secure the Company's customer overnight sweep product; and billion and million, respectively, were pledged as collateral for the Company's borrowing capacity with the FHLB as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. There were amounts pledged to secure repurchase agreements in which the secured party has the right to sell or repledge the collateral as of September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. The Company also participates in Securities Financing Activities discussed further in Note 11 to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had million and million, respectively, of accrued interest related to investment securities which is included in the Other assets line of the Company's Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. accrued interest related to investment securities was written off during the periods ended September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 Due after 1 year but within 5 years Due after 5 years but within 10 years Due after 10 years Total (1) Does not include unallocated fair value hedge basis adjustment. 

Contractual maturities of the Company s investments in debt securities HTM at September 30, 2024 were as follows: 
 (in thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value Due after 1 year but within 5 years Due after 5 years but within 10 years Due after 10 years Total 

Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities when there is a right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

12 

Table of Contents 

 Corporate debt securities ) ABS ) ) ) ) MBS: GNMA - Residential ) ) GNMA - Commercial ) ) FHLMC and FNMA - Residential ) ) FHLMC and FNMA - Commercial ) ) Total investments in debt securities AFS (1) 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Does not include unallocated fair value hedge basis adjustment. 
 
 ) ) ) MBS: GNMA - Residential ) ) GNMA - Commercial ) ) ) FHLMC and FNMA - Residential ) ) ) Total investments in debt securities HTM ) ) ) 
 
 Allowance for credit-related losses on AFS and HTM securities 
 
 The Company did record an allowance for credit-related losses on AFS or HTM securities at September 30, 2024 or December 31, 2023 . As discussed in Note 1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2023, securities for which management expects risk of nonpayment of the amortized cost basis is zero do not have a reserve. 
 
 For securities that do not qualify for the zero credit loss expectation exception, management has concluded that the unrealized losses are not credit-related since (1) they are not related to the underlying credit quality of the issuers, (2) the entire contractual principal and interest due on these securities is currently expected to be recoverable, (3) the Company does not intend to sell these investments at a loss and (4) it is more likely than not that the Company will not be required to sell the investments before recovery of the amortized cost basis, which for the Company's debt securities may be at maturity. 

13 

Table of Contents 

 Gross realized losses ) Net realized gains/(losses) on AFS and other securities ) Total trading securities gains/(losses) Total realized gains/(losses) in income from investments 

The Company uses the specific identification method to determine the cost of the securities sold and the gain or loss recognized. 
 
 Trading Securities 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company held billion and billion, respectively, of trading securities. Gains and losses on trading securities are recorded within Net gain on sale of investment securities on the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had billion and billion, respectively, of assets classified as trading securities pledged as collateral to counterparties that have the right to repledge these securities. 
 
 Other Investments 
 
 LIHTC investments Equity securities not held for trading (1) 
 Total 
 (1) Includes million and million of equity certificates related to off-balance sheet securitizations as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Other investments primarily include the Company's investment in the stock of the FHLB of Pittsburgh and the FRB. These stocks do not have readily determinable fair values because their ownership is restricted and there is no market for their sale. The stocks can be sold back only at their par value of per share, and FHLB stock can be sold back only to the FHLB or to another member institution. Accordingly, these stocks are carried at cost. During the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company purchased and million of FHLB stock at par, and redeemed million and million of FHLB stock at par. The Company purchased million and million of FRB stock at par and redeemed FRB stock at par during the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024. There was gain or loss associated with these redemptions. 
 
 The Company's LIHTC investments are accounted for using the proportional amortization method. Equity securities are measured at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in net income and consist primarily of CRA mutual fund investments. 
 
 Interest-bearing deposits include deposits maturing in more than 90 days with Santander affiliates that are not consolidated. 

14 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 3. 
 
 billion at September 30, 2024 and billion at December 31, 2023. 
 
 LHFS includes loans that the Company no longer intends to hold to maturity or for the foreseeable future and loans the Company has the intent to sell or securitize in an off-balance sheet securitization. The LHFS portfolio balance at September 30, 2024 was billion, compared to million at December 31, 2023. For a discussion on the composition and valuation of LHFS at fair value, see Note 13 to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Interest on loans is credited to income as it is earned. Loan origination fees and certain direct loan origination costs are deferred and recognized as adjustments to interest income in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations generally over the contractual life of the loan utilizing the interest method. Loan origination costs and fees and premiums and discounts on RICs are deferred and recognized in interest income over their estimated lives using estimated prepayment speeds, which are updated on a monthly basis. At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, on the Company's loans was million and million, respectively. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company sold approximately billion of personal unsecured loans to a third party. The transaction resulted in a loss on sale of approximately million, offset by a release of the ACL in the amount of approximately million. 
 
 In addition, during the third quarter of 2024, the Company transferred its financial interests of approximately million on-balance sheet auto RIC Trust to a third party and to a newly-formed off-balance sheet Trust. Refer to Note 7 to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of this transaction. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company transferred an additional million of auto RICs from LHFI to LHFS in connection with a planned de-consolidation and transfer to an off-balance sheet Trust, resulting in a release of the ACL in the amount of approximately million, offset by a mark to fair value loss on securitization of approximately million. This transaction was completed in October 2024. 

15 

Table of Contents 

 C I loans Multifamily loans Other commercial (2) 
 Total commercial LHFI Consumer loans secured by real estate: Residential mortgages Home equity loans and lines of credit Total consumer loans secured by real estate Consumer loans not secured by real estate: RICs and auto loans Personal unsecured loans Other consumer (3) 
 Total consumer loans Total LHFI (1) 
 Total LHFI: Fixed rate Variable rate Total LHFI (1) 
 
 (1) Total LHFI includes unamortized deferred loan fees, net of deferred origination costs; unamortized purchase premiums, net of discounts; unamortized participation fees; accretable subvention; as well as purchase accounting adjustments. These items resulted in a net positive adjustment to the loan balances of million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 (2) Other commercial includes CEVF leveraged leases and loans. 
 (3) Other consumer primarily includes RV and marine loans. 
 
 Portfolio segments and classes 
 
 The Company discloses information about the credit quality of its financing receivables at disaggregated levels, specifically defined as portfolio segments and classes, based on management s systematic methodology for determining the ACL. The Company utilizes similar categorization compared to the financial statement categorization of loans to model and calculate the ACL and track the credit quality, delinquency and impairment status of the underlying loan populations. In disaggregating its financing receivables portfolio, the Company s methodology begins with the commercial and consumer segments. 
 
 The commercial segmentation reflects line of business distinctions. The CRE line of business includes C I owner-occupied real estate and specialized lending for investment real estate. C I includes non-real estate-related commercial loans. "Multifamily" represents loans for multifamily residential housing units. Other commercial includes loans to global customer relationships in Latin America which are not defined as commercial or consumer for regulatory purposes. The remainder of the portfolio primarily represents the CEVF portfolio. 
 
 The Company's portfolio classes are substantially the same as its financial statement categorization of loans for consumer loan populations. Residential mortgages includes mortgages on residential property, including single family and 1-4 family units. "Home equity loans and lines of credit" include all organic home equity contracts and purchased home equity portfolios. "RICs and auto loans" includes the Company's direct automobile loan portfolios but excludes RV and marine RICs. "Personal unsecured loans" includes personal revolving loans and credit cards. Other consumer includes an acquired portfolio of marine RICs and RV contracts. 

16 

Table of Contents 

Credit loss expense Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Charge-offs, net of recoveries ) ) ) ALLL, end of period Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, beginning of period 
 Credit loss (benefit) on unfunded lending commitments 
 ) ) ) Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, end of period Total ACL, end of period Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 (in thousands) Commercial Consumer Total ALLL, beginning of period Credit loss expense Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Charge-offs, net of recoveries ) ) ) ALLL, end of period Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, beginning of period Credit loss (benefit) on unfunded lending commitments 
 ) ) ) Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, end of period Total ACL, end of period 

17 

Table of Contents 

 Credit loss (benefit) / expense 
 Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Charge-offs, net of recoveries ) ) ) ALLL, end of period Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, beginning of period Credit loss (benefit) on unfunded lending commitments 
 ) ) ) Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, end of period Total ACL, end of period Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 (in thousands) Commercial Consumer Total ALLL, beginning of period Day 1: Adjustment to allowance for adoption of ASU 2022-02 Credit loss expense Charge-offs ) ) ) Recoveries Charge-offs, net of recoveries ) ) ) ALLL, end of period Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, beginning of period Credit loss (benefit) on unfunded lending commitments 
 ) ) ) Reserve for unfunded lending commitments, end of period Total ACL, end of period 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 , at which time the economic forecasts generally tend to revert to historical averages. The Company also utilizes qualitative adjustments to capture any additional risks that may not be captured in either the economic forecasts or in the historical data, including consideration of several factors such as the interpretation of economic trends and uncertainties, changes in the nature and volume of loan portfolios, trends in delinquency and collateral values, and concentration risk. 
 
 The Company generally uses a third-party vendor's consensus baseline macroeconomic scenario for the quantitative estimate and additional positive and negative macroeconomic scenarios to make qualitative adjustments for macroeconomic uncertainty and considers adjustments to macroeconomic inputs and outputs based on market volatility. The baseline scenario was based on the latest consensus forecasts available which showed an improvement in key variables in the current quarter, including an expected improvement in unemployment rates (which is a key driver to losses) and the GDP growth rate, offset by expected worsening of the commercial real estate outlook (mainly office), indicating that there may be challenges ahead. The unemployment rate and used vehicle price index, which is a measure of wholesale used car price trends, are considered the most significant variables. Using the weighted-average of a range of economic forecast scenarios, we estimated at September 30, 2024 that the unemployment rate is expected to be approximately at the end of 2024, better than our previous estimate of at December 31, 2023 for that date. Additionally, the weighted used vehicle index, where a higher number corresponds to a higher used car price at auction, is estimated at September 30, 2024 to be approximately at the end of 2024 compared to our estimate at December 31, 2023 of approximately for that date. While the economy has seen significant recovery post-pandemic, there is still considerable uncertainty regarding overall lifetime loss estimates due to persistent inflation and high interest rates. 
 
 The Company's ACL was billion at September 30, 2024, a decrease of million from December 31, 2023. The decrease in the ACL was primarily driven by improvement in the macroeconomic outlook for certain macro variables, seasonally expected lower delinquencies in RICs and auto loans, sale of certain personal unsecured loans and off-balance sheet securitizations of RICs and auto loans and lower exposure in personal unsecured loans. The ACL for the consumer segment decreased by million, and the ACL for the commercial segment decreased million, at September 30, 2024 compared to December 31, 2023. 

19 

Table of Contents 

 C I Multifamily Other commercial Total commercial loans Consumer: Residential mortgages Home equity loans and lines of credit RICs and auto loans Personal unsecured loans Other consumer Total consumer loans Total non-accrual loans OREO Repossessed vehicles Foreclosed and other repossessed assets Total OREO and other repossessed assets Total non-performing assets (1) Interest income recognized on a cash basis on nonaccrual loans was million and million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, and million and million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. 

20 

Table of Contents of the scheduled payment by the due date. When an account is deferred, the loan is returned to accrual status during the deferral period and accrued interest related to the loan is evaluated for collectability. 
 
 C I (1) 
 Multifamily (4) 
 Other commercial Consumer: Residential mortgages (3) 
 Home equity loans and lines of credit RICs and auto loans (5) 
 Personal unsecured loans Other consumer Total 
 (1) C I loans includes million of LHFS at September 30, 2024. 
 (2) CRE loans includes million LHFS at September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Residential mortgages include million of LHFS at September 30, 2024. 
 (4) Multifamily loans include of LHFS at September 30, 2024. 
 (5) RICs and auto loans include million of LHFS at September 30, 2024. 

As of: December 31, 2023 (in thousands) 30-89 Days Past Due 90 Days or Greater Total Past Due Current Total Financing Receivables Recorded Investment > 90 Days and Accruing Commercial: CRE (2) 
 C I (1) 
 Multifamily (4) 
 Other commercial Consumer: Residential mortgages (3) 
 Home equity loans and lines of credit RICs and auto loans Personal unsecured loans Other consumer Total 
 (1) C I loans included million of LHFS at December 31, 2023. 
 (2) CRE loans includes LHFS at December 31, 2023. 
 (3) Residential mortgages included million of LHFS at December 31, 2023 . 
 (4) Multifamily loans include million of LHFS at December 31, 2023. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 22 

Table of Contents 

Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total CRE Current period gross write-offs - CRE C I Pass Special mention Substandard N/A Total C I Current period gross write-offs - C I Multifamily Pass Special mention Substandard Total multifamily Current period gross write-offs - Multifamily Remaining commercial Pass Special mention Substandard Total remaining commercial Current period gross write-offs - Remaining commercial Total commercial loans Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful N/A Total commercial loans Current period gross write-offs - Total commercial 
 (1) Loans originated during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Includes million of LHFS at September 30, 2024. 
 (3) Includes million revolving loans converted to term loans. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 Special mention Substandard Doubtful Total CRE Current period gross write-offs - CRE C I Pass Special mention Substandard N/A Total C I Current period gross write-offs - C I Multifamily Pass Special mention Substandard Total multifamily Current period gross write-offs - Multifamily Remaining commercial Pass Special mention Substandard Total remaining commercial Current period gross write-offs - Remaining commercial Total commercial loans Pass Special mention Substandard Doubtful N/A Total commercial loans Current period gross write-offs - Total commercial 
 (1) Loans originated during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Includes million of LHFS at December 31, 2023. 
 (3) Includes million revolving loans converted to term loans. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 =760 
 Total Current period gross write-offs - RICs and auto loans 
 (1) Loans originated during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Consists primarily of loans for which credit scores are not available or are not considered in the ALLL model. 
 (3) Excludes LHFS. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 
 RICs and auto loans (dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost by Origination Year (3) 
 Credit Score Range 2023 (1) 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total Percent No FICO (2) 
 =760 Total Current period gross write-offs - RICs and auto loans 
 (1) Loans originated during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Consists primarily of loans for which credit scores are not available or are not considered in the ALLL model. 
 (3) Excludes LHFS. 
 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 =760 
 Total Current period gross write-offs - Personal unsecured loans 
 (1) Loans originated during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 (2) Consists primarily of loans for which credit scores are not available or are not considered in the ALLL model. 
 
 As of December 31, 2023 
 Personal Unsecured loans (dollars in thousands) Amortized Cost by Origination Year Credit Score Range 2023 (1) 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 Prior Total Percent No FICO (2) 
 =760 Total Current period gross write-offs - Personal unsecured loans 
 (1) Loans originated during the year ended December 31, 2023. 
 (2) Consists primarily of loans for which credit scores are not available or are not considered in the ALLL model. 

26 

Table of Contents 

 =760 Total residential mortgages Current period gross write-offs - Residential mortgages Home equity LTV ratios 
 No LTV available (2) 
 =760 Total home equity Current period gross write-offs - home equity 
 (1) The Company ceased origination of new residential mortgage and home equity loans in 2022. 
 (2) Balances in the "No LTV available" or "No FICO score available" ranges primarily represent loans serviced by others, in run-off portfolios or for which a current LTV or FICO score is unavailable. 
 (3) The ALLL model considers LTV for financing receivables in first lien position and CLTV for financing receivables in second lien position for the Company. 
 (4) Excludes LHFS. 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 =760 Total residential mortgages Current period gross write-offs - Residential mortgages Home equity LTV ratios 
 No LTV available (2) 
 =760 Total home equity Current period gross write-offs - home equity 
 (1) The Company ceased origination of new residential mortgage and home equity loans in 2022. 
 (2) Balances in the "No LTV available" or "No FICO score available" ranges primarily represent loans serviced by others, in run-off portfolios or for which a current LTV or FICO score is unavailable. 
 (3) The ALLL model considers LTV for financing receivables in first lien position and CLTV for financing receivables in second lien position for the Company. 
 (4) Excludes LHFS. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company reported million in gross charge-offs related to other consumer portfolios. 
 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 payments per event to the end of the loan. We limit the frequency of each new deferral that may be granted to deferral after completion of at least payments from origination and payments between each extension. The maximum number of months extended for the life of the loan for all automobile RICs is eight for non-natural disaster extensions and twelve for natural disaster extensions. Some marine and RV contracts also have a maximum of extension to reflect their longer terms. Additionally, we generally limit the granting of deferrals on new accounts until a requisite number of payments has been received. During the deferral period, we continue to accrue and collect interest on the loan in accordance with the terms of the deferral agreement. Some auto loan modifications include a reduction of the interest rate and may include an extension of term to eligible borrowers at risk of default and repossession of the financed vehicle. 
 
 When estimating the ACL, the Company uses a statistical methodology based on an expected credit loss approach that focuses on forecasting the expected credit loss components (i.e., PD, payoff, LGD and EAD) on a loan level basis to estimate the expected future lifetime losses. This methodology generally does not change when loans are modified. However, the Company monitors credit quality indicators and delinquency, and adjusts the allowance as those factors change. The Company generally uses a DCF approach for large impaired commercial loans. For all collateral-dependent loans, the Company measures the ACL as the difference between the asset s amortized cost basis and the fair value of the underlying collateral as of the reporting date, adjusted for expected costs to sell. Refer to Note 1 for more information on the ACL. 

29 

Table of Contents 

 C I Multifamily Consumer: Residential mortgages Home equity loans and lines of credit RICs and auto loans Total Amortized Cost 
 Nine months ended 
 Nine months ended 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 (dollars in thousands): 
 Payment Deferral Only 
 All Other Modifications 
 Total 
 of Total Class of Financing Receivable Payment Deferral Only 
 All Other Modifications 
 Total 
 of Total Class of Financing Receivable Commercial: CRE C I Multifamily Other commercial Consumer: Residential mortgages Home equity loans and lines of credit RICs and auto loans Total 

30 

Table of Contents 

 over the life of the loan. The deferred payments are added to the end of the original loan term. 
 Commercial loans Payment deferral Provide payment deferrals to commercial borrowers through our deferral program. The deferred payments are added to the end of the original loan term. Consumer secured by real estate All other modification types Provide modifications consisting of a combination of term extension, interest rate reduction, and/or deferment of principal on a case-by-case basis to determine which benefit or combination of benefits will be offered to achieve the target DTI range. 
 RICs and auto loans All other modification types Provides reduction in interest rate and maturity date extension of up to months beyond the current maturity date resulting in reduction to monthly payment. 

31 

Table of Contents 

C I Multifamily Other commercial Consumer: Residential mortgages Home equity loans and lines of credit RICs and auto loans Total 
 (1) Reflects the adoption of ASU 2022-02 on January 1, 2023 and includes only loans modified after January 1, 2023. 

Payment Defaults Which Have Had a Prior Modification 
 
 A modified loan is generally considered to have subsequently defaulted if, after modification, the loan becomes DPD. For RICs, a modified loan is considered to have subsequently defaulted after modification at the earlier of the date of repossession or DPD. Upon the Company s determination that a modified loan (or portion of a loan) has subsequently been deemed uncollectible, the loan (or a portion of the loan) is written off. Refer to Note 1 to our most recent Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2023 for more information on the Company's charge-off policy. 

Consumer: Residential mortgages Home equity loans and lines of credit RICs and auto loans Total 
 (1) Reflects the adoption of ASU 2022-02 on January 1, 2023 and includes only loans modified after January 1, 2023. 

32 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 4. 
 
 Less: accumulated depreciation ) ) Depreciated net capitalized cost Manufacturer subvention payments, net of accretion ) ) Unamortized origination fees and other costs 
 Leased vehicles, net Total operating lease assets, net 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total 

million and million, respectively, of net gains on the sale of operating lease assets that had been returned to the Company at the end of the lease term, compared to million and million recognized during the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023, respectively. These amounts are recorded within Miscellaneous income, net in the Company's Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

NOTE 5. 

During the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, there were no additions, re-allocations, impairments, or disposals of goodwill. During the first quarter of 2023, there was an immaterial adjustment to the value of goodwill acquired in connection with the 2022 acquisition of PCH. There were no other additions, re-allocations, impairments, or disposals of goodwill during the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023. 

33 

Table of Contents 

 goodwill impairment was identified. 
 
 Other Intangible Assets 
 
 ) ) Stellantis relationship ) ) Other intangibles ) ) Total intangibles subject to amortization ) ) 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company did t have any intangibles, other than goodwill, which were not subject to amortization. 

million and million and million and million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023, respectively. 
 
 2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter 
 34 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 6. 
 
 Deferred tax assets Accrued interest receivable Derivative assets at fair value Other real estate owned and other repossessed assets Equity method investments MSRs Income tax receivables Prepaid expense Capital markets receivables Miscellaneous assets and receivables Total Other assets 

Operating lease ROU assets 
 
 We have operating leases for real estate and non-real estate assets. Real estate leases relate to office space and bank/lending retail branches. Non-real estate leases include disaster recovery centers, data centers, ATMs, vehicles and certain equipment leases. Real estate leases may include or more options to renew, with renewal terms that can extend the lease term generally from one to . ROU assets represent our right to use an underlying asset for the lease term and lease liabilities represent our obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease. 
 
 For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, ROU operating lease expenses were million and million, respectively, compared to million and million for the corresponding periods in 2023. Sublease income was million and million, respectively, for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, compared to million and million for the corresponding periods in 2023. These are reported within Occupancy and equipment expenses in the Company s Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

2025 2026 2027 2028 Thereafter Total lease liabilities Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 

35 

Table of Contents 

 Other liabilities Weighted-average remaining lease term (years) Weighted-average discount rate 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 
 Other Information 2024 2023 (in thousands) Operating cash flows from operating leases (1) 
 ) ) Leased assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities 
 (1) Activity is included within the net change in other liabilities on the SCF. 
 
 The remainder of Other assets is comprised of: 
 
 Deferred tax asset - Refer to Note 15 of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on tax-related activities. 
 Accrued interest receivable - Includes accrued interest receivable on the Company's investments, loans, and other interest-earning portfolios. 
 Derivative assets at fair value - Refer to the "Offsetting of Financial Assets" table in Note 12 to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for the detail of these amounts. 
 Equity method investments - The Company makes certain equity investments in various limited partnerships, some of which are considered VIEs, that invest in and lend to renewable energy projects and qualified community development entities, such as CRA programs. The Company acts only in a limited partner capacity in connection with these partnerships, so the Company has determined that it is not the primary beneficiary of the partnerships because it does not have the power to direct the activities of the partnerships that most significantly impact the partnerships' economic performance. 
 MSRs - See further discussion on the valuation of the MSRs in Note 13. 
 Income tax receivables - Refer to Note 15 of these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for more information on tax-related activities. 
 OREO and other repossessed assets includes property and vehicles recovered through foreclosure and repossession. 
 Prepaid expenses includes advanced payments for cloud-based hosting, prepaid taxes, and outside services. 
 Capital markets receivables includes receivables from broker dealers, financial institutions, clearing organizations, customers and other receivables associated with capital markets activities. 
 Miscellaneous assets and receivables includes investment receivables, subvention receivables, derivatives trading receivables, and unapplied payments. 
 
 million and million of Other assets and Other liabilities, respectively, which were related to a disposal group that was classified as HFS. These assets, included within Other assets in these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, primarily included repossessed property with a net book value of approximately million, and an ROU lease asset of million. These liabilities, included within Other liabilities in these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, primarily included a lease liability of million and an asset retirement obligation of million. In addition to the assets and liabilities of the disposal group classified as HFS, the Company has an investment tax credit of approximately million, classified in deferred tax assets that it expects to sell to a third-party separate from the sale of the disposal group. 
 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 7. 
 
 or more classes of notes payable backed by the collateral. The Company s continuing involvement with these Trusts is in the form of servicing the assets and, generally, through holding residual interests in the Trusts. The Trusts are considered VIEs under GAAP, and the Company may or may not consolidate these VIEs on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 The collateral and borrowings under credit facilities and securitization notes payable of the Company s consolidated VIEs remain on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. The Company recognizes finance charges, fee income, and provisions for credit losses on the RICs, and leased vehicles and interest expense on the debt. Revolving credit facilities generally also utilize entities that are considered VIEs which are included on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Company also uses a titling trust to originate and hold its leased vehicles and the associated leases, for administrative efficiency and also to facilitate the pledging of leases to financing facilities or the sale of leases to other parties, without incurring the costs and administrative burden of retitling the leased vehicles. In this process, the leases may be transferred to separate legal units within the titling trust to segregate them for ownership purposes, including for securitizations. This does not result in any changes to the accounting for the leases. This titling trust is considered a VIE. Refer to Note 4 to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further information on the Company's leased vehicles. 
 
 On-balance sheet VIEs 
 
 The assets of consolidated VIEs are presented based upon the legal transfer of the underlying assets in order to reflect legal ownership. Certain of these assets can be used only to settle obligations of the consolidated VIEs and the liabilities of those entities for which creditors (or beneficial interest holders) do not have recourse to the Company's general credit. 
 
 LHFS Net LHFI Operating lease assets, net (1) 
 Various other assets Total Assets Liabilities Notes payable Various other liabilities Total Liabilities 
 billion and billion, respectively, of leased vehicle assets included in this amount were in a titling trust, but not in a securitization trust. 
 
 The Company retains servicing rights for receivables transferred to the Trusts and receives a monthly servicing fee on the outstanding principal balance. Supplemental fees, such as late charges, for servicing the receivables are reflected in Miscellaneous income, net. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company was servicing billion and billion, respectively, of gross RICs that have been transferred to consolidated Trusts. Certain amounts shown above are greater than the amounts shown in the corresponding line items in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets due to intercompany eliminations between the VIEs and other entities consolidated by the Company. For example, for most of its securitizations, the Company retains one or more of the lowest tranches of bonds. Rather than showing investment in bonds as an asset and the associated debt as a liability, these amounts are eliminated in consolidation as required by GAAP. 

37 

Table of Contents 

 Net proceeds from new securitizations (1) 
 Net proceeds on retained bonds from new securitizations 
 Cash received for servicing fees (2) 
 Net distributions from Trusts (2) 
 Total cash received from Trusts 
 (1) Includes additional advances on existing securitizations. 
 (2) These amounts are not reflected in the SCF because the cash flows are between the VIEs and other entities included in the consolidation. 
 
 Off-balance sheet VIEs 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company was servicing gross RICs of billion and million, respectively, that have been sold in off-balance sheet securitizations and were subject to an optional clean-up call. 
 
 In August 2024, the Company sold all of the equity certificates of an on-balance sheet auto RIC Trust to a new off-balance sheet Trust established in 2024. This new off-balance sheet Trust issued debt and equity tranches to third-party investors, with the exception of a share of each new tranche purchased by the Company. In addition, the Company sold all of its debt that had been held from the on-balance sheet Trust to a third party. The Company s sale of this debt and equity from the on-balance sheet Trust resulted in the Company no longer being identified as the primary beneficiary and the subsequent de-recognition of the assets and liabilities of the on-balance sheet Trust from its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. As a result of these transactions, the Company de-consolidated approximately million of auto RICs previously HFI which it transferred to an off-balance sheet securitization, resulting in a release of the ACL in the amount of approximately million, offset by a loss on securitization of approximately million. 
 
 In October 2024, the Company transferred an additional million of auto RICs from LHFI to LHFS in connection with a planned de-consolidation and transfer to an off-balance sheet Trust, resulting in a release of the ACL in the amount of approximately million, offset by a mark to fair value loss on securitization of approximately million. 
 
 During the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2023, the Company sold gross RICs to third-party investors in off-balance sheet securitizations and recorded gain or loss on securitization. Gains and losses on securitizations are recorded in Miscellaneous income, net, in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 Net proceeds from new securitizations Cash received for servicing fees Total cash received from Trusts 
 (1) Represents the UPB at the time of original securitization. 
 (2) Table excludes impacts of non-cash deconsolidation transaction referred to above. 

38 

Table of Contents 

 million and million of debt and equity investments, respectively, compared to million and million at December 31, 2023. These amounts are reported in debt securities HTM and other investments, respectively, in Note 2 to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 As discussed in Note 1 to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, in December 2023 SBNA acquired a percent interest in the Structured LLC for approximately billion. The Company did not transfer any assets to the VIE and does not control nor consolidate it. SBNA's percent interest is reported as an AFS debt security that has a fair value of approximately billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, SBNA serviced approximately billion in multi-family loans for the Structured LLC and received a market rate servicing fee. For the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, SBNA recognized million and million, respectively, in servicing fee income from the servicing of these assets which is recorded in Miscellaneous income, net, in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 

NOTE 8. 
 
 Non-interest-bearing demand deposits Savings Customer repurchase accounts Money market CDs Total deposits (1) 
 
 (1) Includes foreign deposits, as defined by the FRB, of billion and billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Demand deposit overdrafts that have been reclassified as loan balances were million and million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 At September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the Company had billion and billion, respectively, of CDs greater than 250 thousand. 
 
 The Company's subsidiaries had outstanding irrevocable letters of credit totaling million and million from the FHLB of Pittsburgh at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, used to secure uninsured deposits placed with the Bank by state and local governments and their political subdivisions. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 9. 
 
 billion, compared to billion at December 31, 2023. The Company's debt agreements impose certain limitations on dividend payments and other transactions. The Company is currently in compliance with these limitations. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company issued the following debt: 
 billion in aggregate principal amount of its fixed-to-floating rate senior notes due January 2030. 
 million in aggregate principal amount of its fixed-to-floating rate senior notes due May 2027. 
 million in aggregate principal amount of its fixed-to-floating rate senior notes due May 2035. 
 billion in aggregate principal amount of its fixed-to-floating rate senior notes due September 2030 
 million of credit-linked notes due June 2032. 
 billion in on-balance sheet securitization transactions on its SBALT platform, of which approximately million was retained in interests in the VIE. 
 billion in on-balance sheet securitization transactions on its SDART platform, of which it retained approximately million in interests in the VIE. 
 billion in on-balance sheet securitization transactions on its DRIVE platform, of which it retained approximately million in interests in the VIE. 
 
 The Company continues to consolidate these VIEs on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 In October 2024, the Company's auto business completed an on-balance sheet securitization transaction of billion on its SDART platform, of which it retained approximately million in interests in the VIE. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 senior notes due June 2024 
 senior notes due June 2025 
 senior notes due June 2025 
 senior notes due July 2025 
 Senior notes due April 2026 (2) 
 senior sustainability notes due September 2026 
 senior notes due October 2026 
 senior notes, due May 2027 
 senior notes due June 2027 (1) 
 senior notes due July 2027 
 senior notes due January 2028 
 senior notes due March 2029 
 senior notes due June 2029 
 senior notes due January 2030 
 senior notes due September 2030 
 senior notes due November 2031 
 subordinated notes, due November 2031 (1) 
 subordinated notes due December 2032 (1) 
 senior notes due May 2035 
 Total Parent Company borrowings Subsidiaries Short-term borrowing due within one year, maturing through March 2024 Short-term borrowing due within one year, maturing through June 2025 FHLB advances, maturing through April 2027 
 Credit-linked notes due December 2031 (3) 
 Credit-linked notes due May 2032 (4) 
 Credit-linked notes due June 2032 (12) 
 Credit-linked notes due August 2032 (5) 
 Credit-linked notes due December 2032 (6) 
 Credit-linked notes due June 2033 (7) 
 Credit Linked notes due December 2033 (8) 
 Credit-linked notes due February 2052 (9) (11) 
 senior notes due October 2025 (1) 
 Warehouse lines maturing through April 2026 (10) 
 Secured structured financings maturing through May 2032 
 - 
 - 
 Total subsidiary borrowings and other debt obligations Total Parent Company and subsidiaries' borrowings and other debt obligations 
 (1) These notes are payable to SHUSA's parent company, Santander. 
 (2) These notes bear interest at a rate equal to the SOFR index rate plus basis points per year. 
 (3) Notes are tied to the performance of a billion original reference pool of SBNA prime auto loans. The contractual residual amount is million. 
 (4) Notes are tied to the performance of a billion original reference pool of SBNA prime auto loans. The contractual residual amount is million. 
 (5) Notes are tied to the performance of a billion original reference pool of SBNA prime auto loans. The contractual residual amount is million. 
 (6) Notes are tied to the performance of a billion original reference pool of SBNA prime auto loans. The contractual residual amount is million. 
 (7) Notes are tied to the performance of a billion original reference pool of SBNA prime auto loans. The contractual residual amount is million. 
 (8) Notes are tied to the performance of a billion original reference pool of SBNA prime auto loans. The contractual residual amount is million. 
 (9) Notes are tied to the performance of a billion original reference pool of SBNA residential mortgage loans. The contractual residual amount is million. 
 (10) Benchmark rates used included commercial paper, daily simple SOFR, one-month term SOFR, and three-month term SOFR. 
 (11) Variable rate notes issued in tranches that bear interest at a rate equal to SOFR index plus varying spreads ranging from to and reset monthly. 
 (12) Issued in June 2024 in the amount of million. Notes are tied to the performance of a billion original reference pool of SBNA prime auto loans. The contractual residual amount is million. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 of the initial principal balance. 
 
 In connection with certain of its credit linked notes, the Company is required to maintain a letter of credit, as well as a collateral account with a third-party financial institution, with the amount equal to at least the outstanding balances of the transaction s credit-linked notes. This is reported as restricted cash in these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Warehouse Lines 
 
 Warehouse line due October 2025 Warehouse line due November 2025 Warehouse line due November 2025 Warehouse line due January 2026 Warehouse line due February 2026 Warehouse line due April 2026 Warehouse line due April 2026 Total credit facilities 

The warehouse lines and repurchase facilities are fully collateralized by a designated portion of the Company's RICs, leased vehicles, securitization notes payable, and residuals retained by the Company. 

Secured Structured Financings 
 
 - 
 Privately issued amortizing notes maturing on various dates through August 2030 (3) 
 - 
 Total secured structured financings - 
 
 (1) Securitizations executed under Rule 144A of the Securities Act are included within this balance. 
 (2) Secured structured financings may be collateralized by collateral overages of other issuances. 

42 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 10. 
 ) Reclassification adjustment for net (gains)/losses on cash flow hedge derivative financial instruments (1) 
 ) ) Net unrealized gains/(losses) on cash flow hedge derivative financial instruments ) ) ) Change in unrealized (losses) on investments in debt securities AFS ) Reclassification adjustment for (gains)/losses included in net income/(expense) on debt securities AFS (2) 
 ) ) Net unrealized (losses) / gains on investments in debt securities AFS ) ) ) Pension and post-retirement actuarial (loss)/gain (3) 
 ) ) ) As of September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) (1) Net gains/(losses) reclassified into Interest on borrowings and other debt obligations in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for settlements of interest rate swap contracts designated as cash flow hedges. 
 (2) Net (gains)/losses reclassified into Net gain on sale of investment securities sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the sale of debt securities. 
 (3) Included in the computation of net periodic pension costs. 
 Total Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Three months ended September 30, 2023 
 June 30, 2023 September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Pretax Activity Tax Effect Net Activity Beginning Balance Net Activity Ending Balance Change in AOCI on cash flow hedge derivative financial instruments ) Reclassification adjustment for net (gains)/losses on cash flow hedge derivative financial instruments (1) 
 ) Net unrealized gains/(losses) on cash flow hedge derivative financial instruments ) ) ) Change in unrealized gains/(losses) on investment securities ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net (gains)/losses included in net income/(expense) on debt securities AFS (2) 
 ) Net unrealized (losses) on investment securities AFS ) ) ) ) ) Pension and post-retirement actuarial gain (3) 
 ) ) ) As of September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) (1) Net gains/(losses) reclassified into Interest on borrowings and other debt obligations in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for settlements of interest rate swap contracts designated as cash flow hedges. 
 (2) Net (gains)/losses reclassified into Net gain on sale of investment securities sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the sale of debt securities. 
 (3) Included in the computation of net periodic pension costs. 
 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 ) Reclassification adjustment for net losses/(gains) on cash flow hedge derivative financial instruments (1) 
 ) ) Net unrealized (losses)/gains on cash flow hedge derivative financial instruments ) ) ) Change in unrealized (losses)/gains on investments in debt securities ) Reclassification adjustment for net losses/(gains) included in net income/(expense) on debt securities (2) 
 ) ) Net unrealized (losses)/gains on investments in debt securities ) ) ) Pension and post-retirement actuarial gain / (loss) (3) 
 ) ) ) As of September 30, 2024 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) Net gains/(losses) reclassified into Interest on borrowings and other debt obligations in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for settlements of interest rate swap contracts designated as cash flow hedges. 
 (2) Net (gains)/losses reclassified into Net gain on sale of investment securities sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the sale of debt securities. 
 (3) Included in the computation of net periodic pension costs. 
 
 Total Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Total Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income/(Loss) Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 December 31, 2022 September 30, 2023 (in thousands) Pre-tax Activity Tax Effect Net Activity Beginning Balance Net Activity Ending Balance Change in AOCI on cash flow hedge derivative financial instruments ) Reclassification adjustment for net (gains)/losses on cash flow hedge derivative financial instruments (1) 
 ) Net unrealized gains/(losses) on cash flow hedge derivative financial instruments ) ) ) Change in unrealized (losses)/gains on investments in debt securities ) ) Reclassification adjustment for net (gains)/losses included in net income/(expense) on debt securities AFS (2) 
 ) Net unrealized gains/(losses) on investments in debt securities ) ) ) ) ) ) Pension and post-retirement actuarial gain / (loss) (3) 
 ) ) ) As of September 30, 2023 
 ) ) ) 
 (1) Net gains/(losses) reclassified into Interest on borrowings and other debt obligations in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for settlements of interest rate swap contracts designated as cash flow hedges. 
 (2) Net (gains)/losses reclassified into Net gain on sale of investment securities sales in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations for the sale of debt securities. 
 (3) Included in the computation of net periodic pension costs. 
 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 11. 
 
 Securities borrowed Total 

Securities loaned or sold under agreements to repurchase, at their respective carrying values, consisted of the following at the dates indicated: 
 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase Securities lending Total 
 
 Securities Financing Activities are generally executed under standard industry agreements, including master agreements that create a single contract under which all transactions between two counterparties are executed, allowing for trade aggregation of receivables and payables into a single net payment or settlement. 
 
 ) Securities borrowed Total 
 ) September 30, 2024 (in thousands) Gross amounts of recognized liabilities 
 Gross amounts offset on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets (1) 
 Net amounts of liabilities included on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase ) Securities lending Total 
 ) (1) Includes financial instruments subject to enforceable master netting agreements that are permitted to be offset under ASC 210-20-45. 
 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 ) Securities borrowed Total 
 ) December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Gross amounts of recognized liabilities 
 Gross amounts offset on the Consolidated Balance Sheets (1) 
 Net amounts of liabilities included on the Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase ) Securities lending Total ) (1) Includes financial instruments subject to enforceable master netting agreements that are permitted to be offset under ASC 210-20-45. 
 
 Securities lending Total 

The following table presents the gross amounts of liabilities associated with Securities Financing Activities by class of underlying collateral as of the dates indicated: 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 (in thousands) Repurchase agreements 
 Securities lending 
 Total Repurchase agreements 
 Securities lending 
 Total U.S. Treasury 
 Residential agency MBS 
 Corporate and other securities Total 

46 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 12. 
 
 thousand. The credit ratings of the Company and SBNA are currently considered investment grade. As of September 30, 2024, additional collateral would be required if there were a further 1- or 2- notch downgrade by either S P or Moody's. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the aggregate fair value of all derivative contracts with credit risk contingent features (i.e., those containing collateral posting or termination provisions based on the Company's ratings) that were in a net liability position totaled million and million, respectively. The Company had million and million in cash and securities collateral posted to cover those positions as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Hedge Accounting 
 
 Management uses derivative instruments designated as hedges to mitigate the impact of interest rate and foreign exchange rate movements on the fair value of certain assets and liabilities and on highly probable forecasted cash flows. These instruments primarily include interest rate swaps that have underlying interest rates based on key benchmark indices. The nature and volume of the derivative instruments used to manage interest rate risk depend on the level and type of assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and the risk management strategies for the current and anticipated interest rate environment. 
 
 Interest rate swaps are generally used to convert fixed-rate assets and liabilities to variable rate assets and liabilities and vice versa. The Company utilizes interest rate swaps that have a high degree of correlation to the related financial instrument. 
 
 Fair Value Hedges 
 
 The Company enters into derivatives to hedge the risk of changes in fair value of a portion of its AFS debt securities portfolio. These derivatives are designated as fair value hedges at inception. The gains/(losses) from changes in the fair value of the hedging derivative and the offsetting gains/(losses) from changes in the fair value of the related underlying hedged items due to the hedged risk are reporting in the same line item in the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations as earnings from the hedged items. The cumulative fair value hedge basis adjustments included in the carrying amount of hedged assets is reversed through earnings in future periods as an adjustment to yield. The Company includes gains/(losses) on the hedging derivatives and the related hedged items in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. All of these swaps have been deemed highly effective fair value hedges. The last of the hedges is scheduled to expire in February 2030. The Company has entered into fair value hedges of portions of a closed portfolio of approximately billion of AFS debt securities, using the portfolio layer method. 
 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Cash Flow Hedges 
 
 The Company has outstanding interest rate swap agreements designed to hedge a portion of the Company s floating-rate assets and liabilities and forecasted issuances of borrowed funds. The Company also has foreign exchange contracts designed to hedge certain contractual payments in foreign currencies. 
 
 Except as noted below all of these derivatives have been deemed highly effective cash flow hedges. The gain or loss on the derivative instrument is reported as a component of AOCI and reclassified into earnings in the same period or periods during which the hedged transaction affects earnings and is presented in the same Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations line item as the earnings effect of the hedged item. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company discontinued cash flow hedges with an aggregate notional amount of million that were no longer highly effective and it is probable that the forecasted transaction will not occur. The Company de-designated the hedge relationship, resulting in the reclassification of million from AOCI to non-interest income. 
 
 The last of the hedges is scheduled to expire in December 2028. The Company includes all components of each derivative's gain or loss in the assessment of hedge effectiveness. As of September 30, 2024, the Company estimated that approximately million of unrealized losses included in AOCI would be reclassified to earnings during the subsequent twelve months as the future cash flows occur. 
 
 Derivatives Designated in Hedge Relationships Notional and Fair Values 
 
 Interest rate swaps 
 Cash flow hedges: Pay fixed - receive variable interest rate swaps 
 Pay variable - receive fixed interest rate swaps Total December 31, 2023 Fair value hedges: Cross-currency swaps Interest rate swaps 
 Cash flow hedges: Pay fixed receive variable interest rate swaps Pay variable - receive fixed interest rate swaps Interest rate floor Total 

48 

Table of Contents 

49 

Table of Contents 

 Customer-related derivatives: Swaps receive fixed Swaps pay fixed Other Total customer-related derivatives Other derivative activities: Foreign exchange contracts Interest rate swap agreements Interest rate cap agreements Options for interest rate cap agreements Other Total 

50 

Table of Contents ) ) Interest rate swaps Net interest income Derivative Activity (1) 
 Cash flow hedges: Pay fixed-receive variable interest rate swaps Interest expense on borrowings Pay variable receive-fixed interest rate swap Interest income on loans ) ) ) ) Interest rate floors Interest income on loans ) ) ) Other derivative activities: Mortgage banking derivatives Non Interest income 
 ) ) ) Customer-related derivatives Non interest income ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange Non interest income Interest rate swaps, caps, and options Non interest income ) ) ) Net interest income ) ) Other Non interest income ) ) 
 (1) Gains are disclosed as positive numbers while losses are shown as a negative number regardless of the line item being affected. 
 
 The net amount of change recognized in OCI for cash flow hedge derivatives were gains of million and million, and million and million, net of tax, for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 
 The net amount of changes reclassified from OCI into earnings for cash flow hedge derivatives were gains of million and million, and losses million and million, net of tax, for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, and 2023, respectively. 
 
 Disclosures about Offsetting Assets and Liabilities 
 
 The Company enters into legally enforceable master netting agreements which reduce risk by permitting netting of transactions with the same counterparty on the occurrence of certain events. A master netting agreement allows two counterparties the ability to net-settle amounts under all contracts, including any related collateral posted, through a single payment and in a single currency. The right to offset and certain terms regarding the collateral process, such as valuation, credit events and settlement, are contained in the applicable master agreement. The Company's financial instruments, including resell and repurchase agreements, securities lending arrangements, derivatives, and cash collateral, may be eligible for offset on its Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 
 The Company has elected to present derivative balances on a gross basis even if the derivative is subject to a legally enforceable nettable ISDA Master Agreement for all trades executed after April 1, 2013. Collateral that is received or pledged for these transactions is disclosed within the Gross Amounts Not Offset in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets section of the tables below. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 ) Cash flow hedges ) Other derivative activities (1) 
 ) ) ) ) December 31, 2023 Fair value hedges ) Cash flow hedges ) Other derivative activities (1) 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes customer-related and other derivatives. 
 (2) Collateral received includes cash, cash equivalents, and other financial instruments. Cash collateral received is reported in Other liabilities, as applicable, in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. Financial instruments that are pledged to the Company are not reflected in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets since the Company does not control or have the ability to re-hypothecate these instruments. 

Cash flow hedges ) Other derivative activities (1) 
 ) ) ) ) December 31, 2023 Fair value hedges ) Cash flow hedges ) Other derivative activities (1) 
 ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Includes customer-related and other derivatives. 
 (2) Cash collateral pledged and financial instruments pledged is reported in Other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets. In certain instances, the Company is over-collateralized since the actual amount of collateral pledged exceeds the associated financial liability. As a result, the actual amount of collateral pledged that is reported in Other assets may be greater than the amount shown in the table above. 
 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 13. 

53 

Table of Contents 

At December 31, 2023, the beneficial interest in the Structured LLC was determined to be Level 2 based on observed market execution. As a result of moving further from the purchase date and observed market execution, the Company is relying on a DCF method going forward for valuation. As a result, the billion beneficial interest in the Structured LLC transferred from Level 2 to Level 3 during the first quarter of 2024. 
 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Recurring Basis 
 
 Corporate debt ABS Beneficial Interest in Structured LLC 
 MBS Investment in debt securities AFS (2) 
 Trading securities Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements or similar arrangements RICs HFI (3) 
 LHFS (1)(4) 
 MSRs Other assets - derivatives (2) 
 Total financial assets (5) 
 Financial liabilities: Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements Trading liabilities Other liabilities - derivatives (2) 
 Total financial liabilities 
 (1) LHFS disclosed on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets also includes LHFS that are held at the lower of cost or fair value and are not presented within this table. 
 (2) Refer to Note 2 for the fair value of investment securities and to Note 12 for the fair values of derivative assets and liabilities on a further disaggregated basis. 
 (3) Certain RICs collateralized by vehicle titles and RV/marine loans. 
 (4) Residential mortgage loans and commercial mortgage loans. 
 (5) Approximately billion of these financial assets were measured using model-based techniques, or Level 3 inputs, and represented approximately of total assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis and approximately of total consolidated assets. 
 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 55 

Table of Contents 

 billion and billion, respectively. Changes in fair value of the MSR are recorded through Miscellaneous income, net on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 
 The Company has elected to measure its residential MSRs at fair value to be consistent with the risk management strategy to hedge changes in the fair value of these assets. The fair value of residential MSRs is estimated by using a cash flow valuation model which calculates the present value of estimated future net servicing cash flows, taking into consideration actual and expected mortgage loan prepayment rates, discount rates (reflective of a market participant s return on an investment for similar assets), servicing costs, and other economic factors which are determined based on current market conditions. Historically, servicing costs and discount rates have been less volatile than prepayment rates, which are directly correlated with changes in market interest rates. Increases in prepayment rates, discount rates and servicing costs result in lower valuations of MSRs. Decreases in the anticipated earnings rate on escrow and similar balances result in lower valuations of MSRs. Assumptions incorporated into the residential MSR valuation model reflect management's best estimate of factors that a market participant would use in valuing the residential MSRs, as well as future expectations. Although sales of residential MSRs do occur, residential MSRs do not trade in an active market with readily observable prices. As deemed appropriate, the Company economically hedges MSRs using interest rate swaps and forward contracts to purchase MBS. See further discussion on these derivative activities in Note 12 to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 As a benchmark for the reasonableness of the residential MSRs' fair value, opinions of value from brokers are obtained. Brokers provide a range of values based upon their own DCF calculations of our portfolio that reflect conditions in the secondary market and any recently executed servicing transactions. Management compares the internally-developed residential MSR values to the ranges of values received from brokers. If the residential MSRs fair value falls outside of the brokers' ranges, management will assess whether a valuation adjustment is warranted. The residential MSRs value is considered to represent a reasonable estimate of fair value. MSR s are classified as Level 3. 
 
 Gains and losses on MSRs are recognized on the Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations through Miscellaneous income, net. 
 
 Significant assumptions used in the valuation of residential MSRs include CPRs and the discount rate. Other important valuation assumptions include market-based servicing costs and the anticipated earnings on escrow and similar balances held by the Company in the normal course of mortgage servicing activities. Below is a sensitivity analysis of the most significant inputs utilized by the Company in the evaluation of residential MSRs: 
 A 10 and 20 increase in the CPR speed would decrease the fair value of the residential servicing asset by million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2024. 
 A 10 and 20 increase in the discount rate would decrease the fair value of the residential servicing asset by million and million, respectively, at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Significant increases/(decreases) in any of those inputs in isolation would result in significantly (lower)/higher fair value measurements, respectively. These sensitivity calculations are hypothetical and should not be considered to be predictive of future performance. Changes in fair value based on adverse changes in assumptions generally cannot be extrapolated because the relationship of the change in assumption to the change in fair value may not be linear. Also, the effect of an adverse variation in a particular assumption on the fair value of the MSRs is calculated without changing any other assumption, while in reality changes in one factor may result in changes in another, which may either magnify or counteract the effect of the change. Prepayment estimates generally increase when market interest rates decline and decrease when market interest rates rise. Discount rates typically increase when market interest rates increase and/or credit and liquidity risks increase and decrease when market interest rates decline and/or credit and liquidity conditions improve. 
 
 Derivatives 
 
 The valuation of these instruments is determined using commonly accepted valuation techniques, including DCF analysis on the expected cash flows of each derivative. This analysis reflects the contractual terms of the derivatives, including the period to maturity, and uses observable and unobservable market-based inputs. The fair value represents the estimated amount the Company would receive or pay to terminate the contract or agreement, taking into account current interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices and, when appropriate, the current creditworthiness of the counterparties. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 ) ) Gains / (losses) in OCI ) ) ) ) Additions/Issuances Transfer from Level 2 Settlements (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Balances, end of period ) ) ) ) ) ) Nine months ended September 30, 2024 
 Nine months ended September 30, 2023 
 (in thousands) Beneficial Interest in Structured, LLC RICs HFI MSRs Derivatives, net Other Total RICs HFI MSRs Derivatives, net Other Total Balances, beginning of period ) ) Gain / (losses) in OCI 
 ) ) ) Additions/Issuances Transfer from Level 2 Settlements (1) 
 ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Balances, end of period ) ) ) ) ) 
 (1) Settlements include charge-offs, prepayments, paydowns and maturities. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Foreclosed assets Vehicle inventory LHFS Auto loans impaired due to bankruptcy 
 
 Valuation Processes and Techniques - Nonrecurring Fair Value Assets and Liabilities 
 
 Impaired commercial LHFI in the table above represents the recorded investment of impaired commercial loans for which the Company measures impairment during the period based on the fair value of the underlying collateral supporting the loan. Written offers to purchase a specific impaired loan are considered observable market inputs, which are considered Level 1 inputs. Appraisals are obtained to support the fair value of the collateral and incorporate measures such as recent sales prices for comparable properties and are considered Level 2 inputs. Loans for which the value of the underlying collateral is determined using a combination of real estate appraisals, field examinations and internal calculations are classified as Level 3. The inputs in the internal calculations may include the loan balance, estimation of the collectability of the underlying receivables held by the customer used as collateral, sale and liquidation value of the inventory held by the customer used as collateral and historical loss-given-default parameters. In cases in which the carrying value exceeds the fair value of the collateral less cost to sell, an impairment charge is recognized. 
 
 Foreclosed assets represent the recorded investment in assets taken during the period presented in foreclosure of defaulted loans and are primarily comprised of commercial and residential real properties and generally measured at fair value less costs to sell. The fair value of the real property is generally determined using appraisals or other indications of market value based on recent comparable sales of similar properties or assumptions generally observable in the marketplace. 
 
 The Company estimates the fair value of its vehicles, which are obtained either through repossession or lease termination, using historical auction rates and current market values of used cars. 
 
 The Company has LHFS portfolios that are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis primarily consisting of commercial loans and RICs. The estimated fair value of these LHFS is calculated based on a combination of estimated market rates for similar loans with similar credit risks and a DCF analysis in which the Company uses significant unobservable inputs on key assumptions, including historical default rates and adjustments to reflect voluntary prepayments, prepayment rates, discount rates reflective of the cost of funding, and credit loss expectations. 
 
 For loans that are considered collateral-dependent, such as certain bankruptcy loans, impairment is measured based on the fair value of the collateral less its estimated cost to sell. For the underlying collateral, the estimated fair value is obtained using historical auction rates and current market levels of the collateral securing the loans. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 Foreclosed assets Miscellaneous income, net (1) 
 ) ) ) LHFS Credit loss expense / (benefit) ) ) ) LHFS Miscellaneous income, net (1) 
 ) ) ) ) Auto loans impaired due to bankruptcy Credit loss expense / (benefit) ) ) 
 (1) Gains are disclosed as positive numbers while losses are shown as a negative number regardless of the line item being affected. 

Level 3 Inputs - Significant Recurring and Nonrecurring Fair Value Assets and Liabilities 
 
 DCF Discount spread - 
 
 Loss estimate - 
 Extension of loan to months 
 Expected NOI deterioration - MSRs DCF CPR (2) 
 - 
 Discount rate (1) 
 
 (1) Average discount rate from collateral stratified by loan type and note rate. Weighted average amount was developed by weighting the associated relative UPB. 
 (2) Average CPR projected from collateral stratified by loan type and note rate. Weighted average amount was developed by weighting the associated relative UPB. 
 (3) Excluded insignificant Level 3 assets and liabilities. 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 DCF CPR (2) 
 - 
 Discount rate (1) 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements or similar arrangements Investments in debt securities AFS Investments in debt securities HTM Trading securities and other investments (2) 
 LHFI, net LHFS Restricted cash MSRs Derivatives Financial liabilities: Deposits (1) 
 Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements Trading liabilities Borrowings and other debt obligations Derivatives 
 (1) This line item excludes deposit liabilities with no defined or contractual maturities. 
 2) This line item includes CDs with a maturity greater than 90 days and investments in trading securities. 
 
 Valuation Processes and Techniques - Financial Instruments 
 
 The preceding tables present disclosures about the fair value of the Company's financial instruments. Those fair values for certain instruments are presented based upon subjective estimates of relevant market conditions at a specific point in time and information about each financial instrument. In cases in which quoted market prices are not available, fair values are based on estimates using present value or other valuation techniques. These techniques involve uncertainties resulting in variability in estimates affected by changes in assumptions and risks of the financial instruments at a certain point in time. Therefore, the derived fair value estimates presented above for certain instruments cannot be substantiated by comparison to independent markets. In addition, the fair values do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering for sale at one time an entity s entire holding of a particular financial instrument, nor do they reflect potential taxes and the expenses that would be incurred in an actual sale or settlement. Accordingly, the aggregate fair value amounts presented above do not represent the underlying value of the Company. 

60 

Table of Contents 

 billion before netting of billion, all of which was sold or re-pledged. 
 
 Investments in debt securities HTM 
 
 Investments in debt securities HTM are recorded at amortized cost and are priced by third-party pricing vendors. The third-party vendors use a variety of methods when pricing these securities that incorporate relevant observable market data to arrive at an estimate of what a buyer in the marketplace would pay for a security under current market conditions. These investment securities are, therefore, considered Level 2. 
 
 LHFI, net 
 
 The fair values of loans are estimated based on groupings of similar loans, including but not limited to stratification by type, interest rate, maturity, and borrower creditworthiness. Discounted future cash flow analyses are performed for these loans incorporating assumptions of current and projected voluntary prepayment speeds. Discount rates are determined using the Company's current origination rates on similar loans, adjusted for changes in current liquidity and credit spreads (if necessary). Because the current liquidity spreads are generally not observable in the market and the expected loss assumptions are based on the Company's experience, these are Level 3 valuations. Impaired loans are valued at fair value on a nonrecurring basis. See further discussion under the section captioned "Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis" above. 
 
 LHFS 
 
 The Company has LHFS portfolios that are accounted for at the lower of cost or market. Estimated fair value for these portfolios is generally based on prices obtained from agreements to sell the specific assets, if available, recent market transactions or prices expected to be obtained in the subsequent sales for similar assets. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 RICs HFI Nonaccrual loans Securities Financing Activities Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements or similar arrangements Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements 
 (1) LHFS disclosed on the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets also includes million and million of LHFS at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, that are held at the lower of cost or fair value that are not presented within this table. There were no nonaccrual loans related to the LHFS measured using the FVO. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 14. 
 
 Lease income Capital market revenue Miscellaneous income, net BOLI Net gain on sale of operating leases Asset and wealth management fees (Loss) / gain on non-mortgage loans 
 ) ) ) Other miscellaneous income / (loss), net 
 ) ) ) ) Net gain / (loss) on sale of investment securities 
 Total non-interest income 

Disaggregation of Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 
 Commission and trailer fees (2) 
 Interchange income, net (2) 
 Underwriting service fees (2) 
 Asset and wealth management fees (2) 
 Other revenue from contracts with customers (2) 
 Total in-scope of revenue from contracts with customers Out-of-scope of revenue from contracts with customers: Consumer and commercial fees (3) 
 Lease income Other miscellaneous income, net (3) 
 ) ) Net gain / (loss) on sale of investment securities 
 Total out-of-scope of revenue from contracts with customers Total non-interest income 
 (1) Primarily recorded in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations within Consumer and commercial fees. 
 (2) Primarily recorded in the Company's Consolidated Statements of Operations within Miscellaneous income, net. 
 (3) The balance presented excludes certain revenue streams that are considered in-scope and presented above. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 Deposit insurance premiums and other expenses Other administrative and miscellaneous expenses 
 Total Other expenses 

NOTE 15. 
 
 million and million was recorded for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to a benefit of million and million for the corresponding periods in 2023. This resulted in an ETR of ) for the three months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to for the corresponding period in 2023. The ETR for the three months ended June 30, 2024 was ) . The quarter over quarter change is primarily the result of a decrease in the annual forecasted pretax income during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 The ETR for the three months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the same period in 2023, was directly impacted by (i) increase in forecasted pre-tax income in 2024 and (ii) a significant increase in electric vehicle tax credits expected to be generated in the fourth quarter 2023. 
 
 The Company is subject to the income tax laws of the U.S., its states and municipalities and certain foreign countries. These tax laws are complex and are potentially subject to different interpretations by the taxpayer and the relevant governmental taxing authorities. In establishing a provision for income tax expense, the Company must make judgments and interpretations about the application of these inherently complex tax laws. 
 
 Actual income taxes paid may vary from estimates depending upon changes in income tax laws, actual results of operations, and the final audit of tax returns by taxing authorities. Tax assessments may arise several years after tax returns have been filed. The Company reviews its tax balances quarterly and, as new information becomes available, the balances are adjusted as appropriate. The Company is subject to ongoing tax examinations and assessments in various jurisdictions. 
 
 In December 2021, a framework known as Pillar Two was established by the OECD. Pillar Two is designed to ensure large multinational companies pay a minimum level of tax on the income arising in each jurisdiction where they have operations. It will be effective for some countries in 2024 and others in future years. At this time, the Pillar Two framework has not been adopted by the U.S., but has been adopted by our parent s jurisdiction. Any potential tax liability associated with SHUSA s operations is expected to be accrued and paid by Santander. 
 
 With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to federal and non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities for years prior to 2011 and state income tax examinations for years prior to 2006. 
 
 The Company applies an aggregate portfolio approach whereby income tax effects from AOCI are released only when an entire portfolio (i.e., all related units of account) of a particular type is liquidated, sold or extinguished. 
 
 64 

Table of Contents 

million at September 30, 2024 (consisting of a federal deferred tax asset balance of million and a state deferred tax asset balance of million with respect to jurisdictional netting), compared to a net deferred tax asset balance of million at December 31, 2023 (consisting of a state deferred tax asset balance of million and a federal deferred tax liability balance of million). The million change in net deferred tax asset for the period ended September 30, 2024 was primarily due to a decrease in the deferred tax liability related to leasing transactions. Deferred tax assets includes approximately million of investment tax credits the Company expects to sell during the fourth quarter of 2024. 

NOTE 16. 
 
 Letters of credit Recourse exposure on sold loans Total commitments 
 
 Commitments to Extend Credit 
 
 Commitments to extend credit generally have fixed expiration dates, are variable rate, and contain provisions that permit the Company to terminate or otherwise renegotiate the contracts in the event of a significant deterioration in the customer s credit quality. These arrangements normally require payment of a fee by the cu stomer, the pricing of which is based on prevailing market conditions, credit quality, probability of funding, and other relevant factors. Since many of these commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the contract amounts are not necessarily indicative of future cash requirements. 
 
 Included within the reported balances for commitments to extend credit at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 were billion and billion, respectively, of commitments that can be canceled by the Company without notice. 
 
 Commitments to extend credit also include amounts committed by the Company to fund its investments in CRA, LIHTC, and other equity method investments in which it is a limited partner. 

65 

Table of Contents 

 months. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loan facilities to customers. In the event of a requested draw by the beneficiary that complies with the terms of the letter of credit, the Company would be required to honor the commitment. The Company has various forms of collateral for these letters of credit, including real estate assets and other customer business assets. The maximum undiscounted exposure related to these commitments at September 30, 2024 was billion. The fees related to letters of credit are deferred and amortized over the lives of the respective commitments and were immaterial to the Company s financial statements at September 30, 2024. Management believes that the utilization rate of these letters of credit will continue to be substantially less than the amount of the commitments, as has been the Company s experience to date. The credit risk associated with letters of credit is monitored using the same risk rating system utilized within the loan and financing lease portfolio. As of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, the liability related to unfunded lending commitments was million and million, respectively. 
 
 Unsecured Revolving Lines of Credit 
 
 Such commitments arise primarily from agreements with customers for unused lines of credit on unsecured revolving accounts and credit cards, provided there is no violation of conditions in the underlying agreement. These commitments, substantially all of which the Company can terminate at any time, and which do not necessarily represent future cash requirements, are reviewed periodically based on account usage, customer creditworthiness and loan qualifications. 
 
 Loans Sold with Recourse 
 
 The Company has loans sold with recourse that meet the definition of a guaranty. For loans sold with recourse under the terms of its multifamily sales program with the FNMA, the Company retained a portion of the associated credit risk. 
 
 RIC Commitments 

MPLFA 
 
 Under the terms of the MPLFA, SC must make revenue-sharing payments to Stellantis and also must share with Stellantis when residual gains/(losses) on leased vehicles exceed a specified threshold. The MPLFA requires SC to maintain at least billion and billion for floor plan and retail financing. In turn, Stellantis must provide designated minimum threshold percentages of its Subvention business to SC. 
 
 Agreements 
 
 In connection with the sale of RICs through securitizations and other sales, SC and SBNA have made standard representations and warranties customary in the consumer finance industry. Violations of these representations and warranties may require SC or SBNA to repurchase loans previously sold to on or off-balance sheet Trusts or other third parties. As of September 30, 2024, there were no loans that were the subject of a demand to repurchase or replace for breach of representations and warranties for SC's or SBNA's ABS or other sales. In the opinion of management, the potential exposure of other recourse obligations related to SC s RIC sale agreements is not expected to have a material adverse effect on the Company's or SC s or SBNA's business, consolidated financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 
 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 million in charged-off loan receivables in bankruptcy status on a quarterly basis. However, any sale of more than million is subject to a market price check. The remaining aggregate commitment as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023 not subject to a market price check was . 
 
 Other Off-Balance Sheet Risk 
 
 Other off-balance sheet risk stems from financial instruments that do not meet the definition of guarantees under applicable accounting guidance and from other relationships that include items such as indemnifications provided in the ordinary course of business and intercompany guarantees. 

million (which is disclosed net of approximately million of confirmed insurance recovery receivables included in Other assets in the Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheet) and million, respectively. Further, the Company estimates the aggregate range of reasonably possible losses for legal and regulatory proceedings, in excess of reserves established, of up to approximately million as of September 30, 2024 and million as of December 31, 2023. Set forth below are descriptions of the significant lawsuits, regulatory matters, and other legal proceedings to which the Company is subject. 

67 

Table of Contents 

 million in connection with EFG s refusal to pay claims. A jury trial concluded on November 2, 2022 and the jury awarded EFG million and SC million. On May 9, 2023, the court issued a final judgment awarding EFG approximately million, and eliminating the jury award of million in favor of SC. On July 17, 2023, the court heard arguments on SC s motion for judgment notwithstanding the verdict, a new trial and remittitur. The court denied SC's motions for judgment notwithstanding the verdict, new trial, or remittitur. SC's appeal is fully briefed and the appellate court heard oral argument on October 8, 2024. 
 
 Real Legacy Assurance ERISA Litigation. On April 13, 2020, participants of the Real Legacy Assurance Plan, a pension plan, filed an amended complaint adding SSLLC as a defendant to an ERISA putative class action pending against the owner of Real Legacy, Real Legacy Board members, the Plan s trustee, actuaries, and other defendants. The case is pending in the United States District Court for the District of Puerto Rico and captioned Vega-Ortiz et al v. Cooperativa de Seguros Multiples de Puerto Rico, et al, Civ. No. 3:19-cv-02056. The amended complaint alleges that SSLLC served as an investment manager to the Real Legacy Assurance Plan and breached its fiduciary duties by failing to ensure that the plan was adequately funded. On November 24, 2021, the court denied each of the defendants motions to dismiss. SSLLC filed its answer and discovery is ongoing. On April 4, 2023, the court granted the plaintiffs' motion for class certification. In August 2024, plaintiffs and SSLLC filed a motion seeking approval of a settlement under which SSLLC will pay plaintiffs in exchange for a full release. Banco Popular objected to the settlement. 
 
 Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. Stockholders Litigation. A consolidated, certified class action litigation is pending in the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware captioned In re Santander Consumer USA Holdings Inc. Stockholders Litigation, No. 2022-0689 , filed by former SC shareholders against SHUSA, Santander and current and former SC directors and officers alleging breaches of fiduciary duty related to SHUSA s January 2022 acquisition of the remaining minority shares of SC, allegedly resulting in a failure to fairly compensate the minority shareholders. On October 14, 2024, the defendants entered into a definitive settlement agreement resolving the litigation. The settlement agreement contemplates a combined payment by defendants of million, inclusive of all attorneys' fees and expenses, and a full and complete release of all claims. Of such amount, a substantial majority will be covered by insurance. The court scheduled an approval hearing for December 17, 2024. 
 
 These matters are ongoing and could in the future result in the imposition of damages, fines, or other penalties. No assurance can be given that the ultimate outcome of these matters or any resulting proceedings would not materially and adversely affect the Company's business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Regulatory Investigations and Proceedings 
 
 The Company is party to, or is periodically otherwise involved in, reviews, investigations, examinations, and proceedings (both formal and informal), and information-gathering requests, by government and self-regulatory agencies, including the FRB of Boston, the CFPB, the DOJ, the SEC, the CFTC, the Federal Trade Commission and various state regulatory and enforcement agencies. 
 
 SanCap 

68 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 17. 
 
 shares of Series E Preferred Stock. Dividends on the Series E Preferred Stock are payable when, as and if authorized by the Company s Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof. From and including December 21, 2022 to but excluding December 21, 2027, dividends accrue on a non-cumulative basis a rate of per annum, payable quarterly in arrears. From and including December 21, 2027, dividends on the Series E Preferred Stock will accrue on a non-cumulative basis at the five-year U.S. Treasury rate as of the most recent re-set dividend determination date plus for each dividend re-set period, payable quarterly in arrears. The Company may redeem the Series E Preferred Stock on, among others, any dividend payment date on or after December 31, 2027. 
 
 On June 15, 2023, the Company issued shares of Series F Preferred Stock. Dividends on the Series F Preferred Stock are payable when, as and if authorized by the Company s Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof. From and including June 15, 2023 to but excluding June 21, 2028, dividends accrue on the Series F Preferred Stock on a non-cumulative basis at a rate of per annum, payable quarterly in arrears. From and including June 21, 2028, dividends will accrue on a non-cumulative basis at the five-year U.S. Treasury rate as of the most recent re-set dividend determination date plus for each dividend re-set period, payable quarterly in arrears. The Company may redeem the Series F Preferred Stock on, among others, any dividend payment date on or after June 21, 2028. 
 
 On December 19, 2023, the Company issued shares of Series G Preferred Stock. Dividends on the Series G Preferred Stock are payable when, as and if authorized by the Company s Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof. From and including December 19, 2023 to but excluding December 21, 2028, dividends accrue on the Series G Preferred Stock on a non-cumulative basis a rate of per annum, payable quarterly in arrears. From and including December 21, 2028, dividends will accrue on a non-cumulative basis at the five-year U.S. Treasury rate as of the most recent re-set dividend determination date plus for each dividend re-set period, payable quarterly in arrears. The Company may redeem the Series G Preferred Stock on, among others, any dividend payment date on or after December 21, 2028. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 , Santander was the sole holder of the Series E, F, and G Preferred Stock. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company declared and paid dividends to its common shareholder, Santander, in the amount of million. In addition, during the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company declared and paid dividends to its preferred shareholder, Santander, in the amount of million. 

69 

Table of Contents 

 million and million as of September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 Repurchase Agreements 
 
 During the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, SanCap entered into intercompany repurchase agreements with Santander and its affiliates. The gross principal amount outstanding on these repurchase agreements, which do not eliminate in consolidation, was million at September 30, 2024. During the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the amount of income / expense related to this activity was negligible to the overall results of the Company and Santander. 
 
 Other Related Party Transactions 

70 

Table of Contents 

 NOTE 18. 
 
 million in annual revenues. CIB also includes the Company's institutional broker-dealer that provides services in investment banking, sales, trading, and equity research reports. CIB's offerings and strategy are based on Santander's local and global capabilities in wholesale banking. 
 The Wealth Management segment consists of the Company's international private banking and financial operations Services include the full range of banking and asset management services to foreign individuals and corporations based primarily in Latin America 
 
 The Company also offers cus tomer-related derivatives to hedge interest rate risk, and in the C I, CRE, and CIB business segments and the dealer commercial lending division of the Auto business segment, offers derivatives relating to foreign exchange and lending arrangements. See Note 12 to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional details. 
 
 The Other category includes certain immaterial subsidiaries, the unallocated interest expense on the Company's borrowings and other debt obligations and certain unallocated corporate income and indirect expenses. 
 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 ) Non-interest income ) Credit loss expense / (benefit) ) ) ) ) Total expenses Income/(loss) before income taxes ) ) (1) Other includes the results of the immaterial entities, earnings from non-strategic assets, the investment portfolio, interest expense on SBNA s and the Company's borrowings and other debt obligations, amortization of intangible assets and certain unallocated corporate income and indirect expenses. 
 Three months ended 
 SHUSA Reportable Segments Consumer Activities Commercial Activities September 30, 2023 Auto CBB C I CRE CIB Wealth Management Other (1) 
 Total (in thousands) Net interest income / (expense) ) Non-interest income Credit loss expense / (benefit) ) ) ) Total expenses Income/(loss) before income taxes ) ) ) ) (1) Refer to corresponding notes above. 

72 

Table of Contents 

 ) Non-interest income Credit loss expense / (benefit) ) ) ) Total expenses Income/(loss) before income taxes ) ) Total assets (1) Refer to corresponding notes above. 
 
 ) Total non-interest income Credit loss expense / (benefit) 
 ) ) ) Total expenses Income/(loss) before income taxes ) Total assets (1) Refer to corresponding notes above. 
 
 73 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2 - MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
 
 SHUSA is the parent holding company of SBNA, a national banking association; SC, a consumer finance company headquartered in Dallas, Texas; BSI, a financial services company headquartered in Miami, Florida that offers a full range of banking services to foreign individuals and corporations based primarily in Latin America; SanCap, an institutional broker-dealer headquartered in New York, which has significant capabilities in market-making via an experienced fixed-income sales and trading team and a focus on structuring and advisory services for asset originators in the real estate and specialty finance markets; SSLLC, a broker-dealer headquartered in Boston, Massachusetts; and several other subsidiaries. SHUSA is headquartered in Boston and SBNA's home office is in Wilmington, Delaware. SSLLC is a registered investment adviser with the SEC. SHUSA's two largest subsidiaries by asset size and revenue are SBNA and SC. SHUSA is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Santander. 
 
 The Company specializes in consumer financing focused on vehicle finance, servicing of third-party vehicle financing, and delivering service to dealers and customers across the full credit spectrum. This includes indirect origination and servicing of vehicle loans and leases, principally through manufacturer-franchised dealers in connection with their sale of new and used vehicles to retail consumers, origination of vehicle loans through a web-based direct lending program, purchases of vehicle loans from other lenders, and servicing of automobile and recreational and marine vehicle portfolios for other lenders. The Company sells consumer vehicle loans and leases through flow agreements and, when market conditions are favorable, it accesses the ABS market through securitizations of consumer vehicle loans and leases. 
 
 Since May 2013, under the MPLFA with Stellantis, the Company has operated as Stellantis' preferred provider for consumer loans, leases and dealer loans and provides services to Stellantis customers and dealers under the CCAP brand. In the second quarter of 2022, the Company announced it had reached an agreement with Stellantis to amend and extend the MPLFA through December 2025. In June 2022, the Company launched a preferred lender, full spectrum financing program in partnership with MMNA to provide customer and dealer financing programs that will help MMNA achieve its goal of improving the car-buying experience. 
 
 During the second half of 2023, the Company entered into numerous new lending agreements with various auto OEMs. These new agreements reinforce the Company s leadership in the U.S. auto finance market and commitment to forging deep, multi-geography relationships with automotive manufacturers catering to customers across the credit spectrum. These various OEMs have a diverse product lineup, including an increased focus on electric vehicles. In addition, the Company has been chosen by LendingClub to be its primary loan servicer for its auto refinance program. 
 
 In addition to specialized consumer finance, the Company also attracts deposits and provides other retail banking services through its network of retail branches with locations in Connecticut, Delaware, Florida, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, and Rhode Island and originates small business, middle market, large and global commercial loans, multifamily loans, and other consumer loans and leases throughout the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern areas of the United States. For large institutional investors, the Company provides structured products, emerging markets credit and U.S. investment grade credit, U.S. rates, short-term fixed-income, debt and equity capital markets, investment banking, exchange-traded derivatives, and cash equities, benefiting from a combination of Santander s global reach and access to financial hubs together with extensive local market knowledge and regional expertise. 
 
 The Company uses its deposits, public and private borrowings, as well as other financing sources, to fund its loan and investment portfolios. 
 
 In December 2023, SBNA acquired a 20 percent interest in the Structured LLC for approximately 1.1 billion. The Structured LLC was established by the FDIC to hold and service a 9.0 billion portfolio primarily consisting of New York based rent-controlled and rent-stabilized multifamily loans retained by the FDIC following a recent bank failure. SBNA's 20 percent interest is reported as an AFS debt security that had a fair value of approximately 1.2 billion and 1.1 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. As of September 30, 2024, SBNA serviced approximately 8.7 billion of multi-family loans for the Structured LLC and receives a market rate servicing fee in the accompanying Condensed Consolidated Statements of Operations. 
 74 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

ECONOMIC AND BUSINESS ENVIRONMENT 
 
 Overview 
 
 The unemployment rate at September 30, 2024 was 4.1 compared to 4.1 at June 30, 2024 and 3.8 one year ago. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, employment continued to trend up in food services and drinking places, government, health care, social assistance, and construction. 
 
 Market year-to-date returns for the following indices based on closing prices for the period indicated were: 
 September 30, 2024 Dow Jones Industrial Average 12.3 S P 500 20.8 NASDAQ Composite 21.2 
 
 At its September 2024 meeting, the FOMC lowered the federal funds rate target range of 4.75 - 5.00 . The FOMC continues to focus its policy making on maximum employment and achieving a 2.0 inflation target rate. 
 
 The ten-year Treasury bond rate at September 30, 2024 was 3.80 , down from 3.87 at December 31, 2023. 
 
 One of the primary metrics used by the market to monitor the strength of the used car market is the Manheim Used Vehicle Index. The Manheim Used Vehicle Value Index, based on the 1997 Manheim based index, decreased from 204 at December 31, 2023 to 203 at September 30, 2024. 
 
 Recent Events Affecting the Financial Services Industry 
 In response to the current interest rate environment and recent events affecting the financial services industry, the Company has enhanced its monitoring of interest rate and liquidity risks. Additional information related to these matters can be found in the sections of this MD A captioned "Deposits", "Bank Regulatory Capital", "Liquidity and Capital Resources", and "Asset and Liability Management". 
 
 The failure of several large U.S. banking institutions in early 2023 has led to increased market uncertainty. The Company was not materially impacted by these events; however, changing market conditions are considered a significant risk factor to the Company. These factors have increased competition and pricing on customer deposits over the short and medium term, and heightened market and regulatory focus and reform on liquidity, capital, and interest rate risk. As a result, the FDIC published a rule on November 16, 2023 to charge certain banks a special assessment to recover the costs associated with protecting uninsured depositors following the bank closures during 2023. Based on the initial final rule, SBNA would be required to pay a total of 61.5 million over the course of eight consecutive quarters beginning with the first quarter 2024 assessment period. SBNA accrued for the full amount of the special assessment during the fourth quarter of 2023. In the first quarter of 2024, the FDIC communicated that it would increase the assessment for all banks, which was reported in its June 2024 special assessment invoice. During the second quarter of 2024, SBNA recorded an additional 10.7 million to be paid over the course of two additional quarters. Refer to the Regulatory Matters section of this MD A for further details. These changing market conditions and uncertainty will likely present challenges in the growth of net interest income, and increased credit risk and associated credit loss expense, and could have an overall impact on the Company's results of operations. It is not possible to quantify the impact of changing market conditions, uncertainty, or regulatory action on the Company's results of operations. 
 
 75 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Credit Rating Actions 
 
 The following table presents Moody s, S P and Fitch credit ratings for SBNA, SHUSA, and Santander senior debt / long-term issuer: 
 SANTANDER (1) 
 SHUSA 
 SBNA (2) 
 Overall Outlook Fitch A / A- BBB+ BBB+ Stable Moody's A2 / Baa1 Baa2 
 Baa1 Stable S P A+ / A- BBB+ A- Stable 
 (1) Senior preferred debt / senior non-preferred rating 
 (2) Moody's rating represents SBNA long-term issuer rating 
 
 SHUSA funds its operations independently of the other entities owned by Santander, and believes its business is not necessarily closely relat ed to the business or outlook of other entities owned by Santander. Future changes in the credit ratings of its parent, Santander, or the Kingdom of Spain, however, could impact SHUSA's or its subsidiaries' credit ratings, and any other change in the condition of Santander could affect SHUSA. 

REGULATORY MATTERS 
 
 The activities of the Company and its subsidiaries are subject to regulation under various U.S. federal laws and regulatory agencies which impose regulations, supervise and conduct examinations, and may affect the operations and management of the Company and its ability to take certain actions, including making distributions to our parent, Santander. The Company is regulated on a consolidated basis by the Federal Reserve, including the FRB of Boston, and the CFPB. The Company's subsidiaries are further supervised by the OCC, the FRB of Atlanta, and the New York Department of Financial Services. 
 
 The Federal Reserve tailors its supervisory programs and regulatory requirements by category based on firm-specific characteristics such as total assets, cross-jurisdictional activity, and nonbank asset or off-balance sheet exposure. As of September 30, 2024, SHUSA was designated a Category IV institution under the Federal Reserve's tailoring rule. Institutions that change to a higher category would become subject to the requirements of the new category, as outlined by the Federal Reserve, generally within two quarters of the change in category. 
 
 On July 27, 2023, the regulatory agencies issued an NPR to modify the definition of cross-jurisdictional activity, which would expand the scope of exposures included in the measurement of cross-jurisdictional activity and has the potential to move certain firms into a higher supervisory category under the Federal Reserve s tailoring rule. The Company does not expect to be materially impacted by this NPR once finalized. 
 
 Payment of Divid ends 
 
 SHUSA is the parent holding company of SBNA. SHUSA and SBNA are subject to various regulatory restrictions relating to the payment of dividends, including regulatory capital minimums and the requirement to remain "well-capitalized" under prompt corrective action regulations. Refer to the "Liquidity and Capital Resources" section of this MD A for detail of the capital actions of the Company and its subsidiaries during the period. 
 
 Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 
 U.S. Basel III regulatory capital rules are applicable to both SHUSA and SBNA. 
 
 These rules include prompt corrective action thresholds that require banking organizations, including the Company and SBNA, to maintain a minimum CET1 capital ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 , a total capital ratio of 8.0 and a minimum leverage ratio, calculated as the ratio of Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets for the quarter, of 4.0 . A further capital conservation buffer of 2.5 above these minimum ratios is required for banking institutions to make capital distributions, including paying dividends. 

76 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

As described in Note 1 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements, on January 1, 2020, we adopted the CECL standard, which upon adoption resulted in a reduction to our opening retained earnings balance, net of income tax, and an increase to the allowance for loan losses of approximately 2.5 billion. The U.S. banking agencies in December 2018 approved a final rule to address the impact of CECL on regulatory capital by allowing banking organizations, including the Company, the option to phase in the day-one impact of CECL until the first quarter of 2023. On March 26, 2020, the U.S. banking agencies issued an interim final rule that provides banking organizations with an alternative option to delay for two years an estimate of CECL s effect on regulatory capital relative to the incurred loss methodology s effect on regulatory capital, followed by a three-year transition period. SHUSA remains in the three-year transition period. This interim rule was subsequently updated with technical amendments in a final rule dated September 30, 2020, which was elected by the Company. 
 
 See the "Bank Regulatory Capital" section of this MD A for the Company's capital ratios under Basel III standards. The implementation of certain regulations and standards relating to regulatory capital could disproportionately affect the Company's regulatory capital position relative to that of its competitors, including those that may not be subject to the same regulatory requirements as the Company. 
 
 Material restrictions can be imposed on SBNA, including restrictions on interest payable on accounts, dismissal of management and, in critically undercapitalized situations, appointment of a receiver or conservator. Critically undercapitalized banks generally may not make any payment of principal or interest on their subordinated debt and all but well-capitalized banks are prohibited from accepting brokered deposits without prior regulatory approval. Pursuant to the FDIA and OCC regulations, institutions which are not categorized as well-capitalized or adequately-capitalized are restricted from making capital distributions, which include cash dividends, stock redemptions or repurchases, cash-out mergers, interest payments on certain convertible debt and other transactions charged to the capital account of the institution. At September 30, 2024, SBNA met the criteria to be classified as well-capitalized. 
 
 On March 4, 2020, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule to simplify capital rules for large banks. Under the final rule, firms' supervisory stress test results are now used to establish the size of the SCB requirement. The SCB is calculated as the maximum decline in CET1 in the severely adverse scenario (subject to a 2.5 floor) plus four quarters of dividends. The rule results in new firm-specific regulatory capital expectations which are equal to 4.5 of CET1 plus the SCB, any GSIB surcharge, and any countercyclical capital buffer. The GSIB buffer is applicable only to the largest and most complex firms and does not apply to SHUSA. In the event a firm falls below its new minimums, the rule imposes restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonuses. Firms continue to submit a capital plan annually. Supervisory expectations for capital planning processes do not change under the final rule. As of September 30, 2024, SHUSA's SCB CET1 minimum requirement was 7.0 . SHUSA s SCB CET1 minimum requirement increased to 8.0 as of October 1, 2024. 
 
 On July 27, 2023, the federal banking agencies issued a capital proposal that would make significant changes to the regulatory capital rules applicable to large banking organizations (including SHUSA and SBNA) and banking organizations with significant trading activity. This proposal would implement the final elements of the Basel III capital framework and make other changes to the regulatory capital rules in response to recent bank failures. The capital proposal would establish the expanded risk-based approach for calculating RWAs that would apply to large banking organizations. The expanded risk-based approach would include a new more risk-sensitive standardized approach for measuring credit risk and operational risk. It would also include new standardized approaches for measuring market risk and credit valuation adjustment risk but would allow the use of internal models for market risk in certain circumstances with regulatory approval. Under the capital proposal, a large banking organization would be required to calculate its risk-based capital ratios under both the expanded risk-based approach and the current standardized approach and would use the lower of the two. All capital buffer requirements, including the SCB requirement, would apply regardless of whether the expanded risk-based approach or the existing standardized approach produces the lower ratio. 
 
 The total RWA calculation used in the expanded risk-based approach would be phased in over a three-year period. The requirement to reflect AOCI in regulatory capital would also be phased in over a three-year period. All other elements of the calculation of regulatory capital would apply on the effective date of the final rule. On October 20, 2023, the federal banking agencies announced that they extended the comment period on the capital proposal from November 30, 2023 until January 16, 2024. In addition to pushing back the comment deadline, the Federal Reserve indicated it would begin collecting data to gather more information from the banks affected by the proposal. That data collection also ended on January 16, 2024. The proposed rules and their impact on SHUSA are under review. 
 
 77 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

On July 10, 2024, Federal Reserve Chair Jerome Powell indicated during a hearing with the House Financial Services Committee plans for a re-proposal of the rules which would include broad and material changes from the initial proposal. On September 10, 2024, Federal Reserve Vice Chair of Supervision Michael Barr gave a speech informing institutions of the nature of the changes in their current form. Most notably, the rules would be tailored by institution size and, for those with total assets between 100 and 250 billion, a majority of the new requirements would no longer apply. These changes have not yet been made final by the Federal Reserve, and it is expected that an implementation timeline will be released once the regulatory agencies have agreed on the substance of the changes. 
 
 Liquidity Rules 
 
 The Federal Reserve, the FDIC, and the OCC have established a rule to implement the Basel III LCR for certain internationally active banks and nonbank financial companies, and a modified version of the LCR for certain depository institution holding companies that are not internationally active. The LCR is designed to ensure that a banking entity maintains an adequate level of unencumbered high-quality liquid assets equal to its expected net cash outflow for a 30-day time horizon. Smaller covered companies (but with more than 50 billion in assets) such as the Company are required to calculate the LCR monthly. 
 
 Resolution Planning 
 
 The DFA requires the Company to prepare and update resolution plans. The 165(d) resolution plan must assume that the covered company is resolved under the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and that no extraordinary support is received from the U.S. or any other government. The most recent 165(d) resolution plan was submitted to the Federal Reserve and FDIC in June 2022. In addition, under amended FDIA rules, the IDI resolution plan rule requires that a bank with assets of 50 billion or more develop a plan for its resolution that supports depositors rapid access to their insured deposits, maximizes the net present value return from the sale or disposition of its assets, and minimizes the amount of any loss realized by creditors in resolution. 
 
 On June 20, 2024, the FDIC issued a final rule that took effect on October 1, 2024, which revises the IDI resolution planning requirements. The final rule requires IDIs with assets of 100 billion or more, including SBNA, to submit a full resolution plan every three years, with interim supplements filed in the off-years. 
 
 Long-Term Debt Requirements 
 
 On July 28, 2023, the Federal Reserve and FDIC issued an NPR that would require banks with total assets of 100 billion or more to maintain a layer of long-term debt from the holding company to improve financial stability by increasing the resolvability and resiliency of such institutions. By requiring each such large bank to maintain a minimum amount of long-term debt to absorb losses, the proposal would increase the options available to resolve such banks in case of failure. Additionally, by reducing the risk that uninsured depositors would face losses, long-term debt can reduce the speed and severity of bank runs and limit the risk of contagion when a bank is under stress. The proposal would provide a three-year phase-in period and would also allow certain outstanding long-term debt to count toward the minimum requirements to provide banks with a reasonable period to transition to the required characteristics of eligible long-term debt instruments. Comments on the proposal were due on November 30, 2023. SHUSA remains subject to the TLAC requirements outlined below. 
 
 Deposit Insurance and Assessments 
 
 On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule, applicable to all IDIs, to increase the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by two basis points consistent with the amended restoration plan approved by the FDIC on June 21, 2022. The FDIC indicated that it was taking this action in order to restore the DIF reserve ratio to the required statutory minimum of 1.35 by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028. The FDIC indicated that the reserve ratio had declined below this level because of the increase in insured deposits since the start of the pandemic and other factors that affect the level of the DIF. Under the final rule, the increase in rates began with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023 and will remain in effect unless and until the reserve ratio meets or exceeds 2 in order to support growth in the DIF in progressing toward the FDIC s long-term goal of a 2 reserve ratio. The increase in assessment rates applies to SBNA. 
 
 78 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The recent failure of several large U.S. banking institutions has led to increased market uncertainty. Under the FDIA, the loss to the DIF arising from the use of the systemic risk exception must be recovered through one or more special assessments on IDIs, depository institution holding companies, or both, as the FDIC determines to be appropriate. On May 11, 2023, the FDIC issued for public comment a proposed rule to impose a special assessment on IDIs to recover the loss to the DIF resulting from the use of the systemic risk exception to protect the uninsured depositors of the failed U.S. banking institutions. The final rule was issued on November 16, 2023. Under the final rule, the FDIC would collect a special assessment from IDIs at a quarterly rate of approximately 3.36 basis points over eight quarterly assessment periods, starting with the first quarterly assessment period of 2024. In June 2024, the FDIC added an additional assessment to be collected at a quarterly rate of approximately 2.34 basis points over an additional two quarters, resulting in an additional accrual of 10.7 million that was recorded during the second quarter of 2024. The assessment base for the special assessment is equal to an IDI s estimated uninsured deposits reported as of December 31, 2022, adjusted to exclude the first 5 billion in estimated uninsured deposits held by the IDI. The special assessment is a tax-deductible operating expense for IDIs, and the effect on income of the entire amount of the special assessment will occur in one quarter for the IDIs subject to the assessment. The total impact of the special assessment is 72.1 million. 
 
 TLAC 
 
 The TLAC Rule requires certain U.S. organizations to maintain a minimum amount of loss-absorbing instruments, including a minimum amount of unsecured LTD. The TLAC Rule applies to U.S. GSIBs and to IHCs with 50 billion or more in U.S. non-branch assets that are controlled by a global systemically important FBO. The Company is such an IHC. 
 
 Under the TLAC Rule, companies are required to maintain a minimum amount of TLAC, which consists of a minimum amount of LTD and Tier 1 capital. As a result, SHUSA must hold the higher of 18 of its RWAs or 9 of its total consolidated assets in the form of TLAC, of which 6 of its RWAs or 3.5 of total consolidated assets must consist of LTD. In addition, SHUSA must maintain a TLAC buffer composed solely of CET1 capital and will be subject to restrictions on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments based on the size of the TLAC buffer it maintains. 
 
 Volcker Rule 
 
 Section 13 of the BHCA, commonly referred to as the Volcker Rule, prohibits a banking entity from engaging in proprietary trading or engaging in any of the following activities with respect to a Covered Fund: (i) acquiring or retaining any equity, partnership or other ownership interest in the Covered Fund; (ii) controlling the Covered Fund; or (iii) engaging in certain transactions with the fund if the banking entity or any affiliate is an investment adviser or sponsor to the Covered Fund. These prohibitions are subject to certain exemptions for permitted activities. 
 
 Because the term banking entity includes an IDI, a depository institution holding company and any of their affiliates, the Volcker Rule has sweeping worldwide application and covers entities such as Santander, the Company, and certain of the Company s subsidiaries (including SBNA and SC), as well as other Santander subsidiaries in the United States and abroad. 
 
 The Company implemented certain policies and procedures, training programs, recordkeeping, internal controls and other compliance requirements that were necessary to comply with the Volcker Rule. As required by the Volcker Rule, the compliance infrastructure has been tailored to each banking entity based on its size and its level of trading and Covered Fund activities. SHUSA's compliance program includes, among other things, processes for prior approval of new activities and investments permitted under the Volcker Rule, and testing and auditing for compliance. 
 
 Risk Retention Rule 
 
 The Federal Reserve's final credit risk retention rule generally requires sponsors of ABS to retain at least five percent of the credit risk of the assets collateralizing ABS. SHUSA, primarily through SC and SBNA, is an active participant in the structured finance markets and complies with these retention requirements. 
 
 79 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Market Risk Rule 
 
 The market risk rule requires certain national banks to measure and hold risk-based regulatory capital for the market risk of their covered positions. The bank must measure and hold capital for its market risk using its internal risk-based models. The market risk rule outlines quantitative requirements for the bank's internal risk-based models, as well as qualitative requirements for the bank's management of market risk. Banks subject to the market risk rule must also measure and hold market risk regulatory capital for the specific risk associated with certain debt and equity positions. 
 
 A bank is subject to the market risk capi tal rules if its consolidated trading activity, defined as the sum of trading assets and liabilities as reported in its FFIEC 031 and FR Y-9C for the previous quarter, equals the lesser of: (1) 10 percent or more of the bank's total assets as reported in its Call Report and FR Y-9C for the previous quarter, or (2) 1 billion or m ore. The Bank and the Company are required to comply with the market risk component within RWAs of the risk-based capital ratios and submit the FFIEC 102 - Market Risk Regulatory Report. 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 
 Depository institutions must remain in compliance with Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act and the Federal Reserve's Regulation W, which governs transactions between SBNA and affiliated companies and individuals. Section 23A imposes limits on certain specified covered transactions, which include loans, lines and letters of credit to affiliated companies or individuals, and investments in affiliated companies, as well as certain other transactions with affiliated companies and individuals. 
 
 Section 23B of the Federal Reserve Act prohibits a depository institution from engaging in certain transactions with affiliates unless the transactions are considered arms'-length. As a U.S. domiciled subsidiary of a global parent with significant non-bank affiliates, the Company faces elevated compliance risk in this area. 
 
 Regulation AB II 
 
 Regulation AB II, among other things, expanded disclosure requirements and modified the offering and shelf registration process for ABS. SC must comply with these rules, which impact all offerings of publicly registered ABS and all reports under the Exchange Act, for outstanding publicly-registered ABS, and affect SC's public securitization platform. 
 
 80 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

CRA 
 
 SBNA is subject to the requirements of the CRA, which requires the appropriate federal financial supervisory agency to assess an institution's record of helping to meet the credit needs of the local communities in which it is located. SBNA's current rating is Outstanding, the second consecutive examination period for which SBNA has received the highest rating possible. The OCC takes into account SBNA s CRA rating in considering certain regulatory applications SBNA makes, including applications related to establishing and relocating branches, and the Federal Reserve does the same with respect to certain regulatory applications the Company makes. 
 
 In October 2023, the supervisory agencies jointly adopted a final CRA rule to modernize the regulation. The rule intends to adapt to industry changes, such as the growth of online, mobile, and branchless banking and hybrid models, while continuing a focus on low and moderate communities. 
 
 The rule also seeks to introduce greater clarity and consistency by implementing a metrics-based approach to evaluate performance and expanding activity that may be considered for CRA credit. This results in significant data collection and reporting requirements for banks with over 10 billion in assets such as SBNA. The rule also imposes new criteria for banks to establish assessment areas outside of the communities in which they have a physical presence if certain criteria are met. 
 
 In March 2024, a preliminary injunction was granted to pause implementation of the new rule while the Federal District Court for the Northern District of Texas decides the merits of a lawsuit brought by the American Bankers Association against the regulatory agencies for exceeding their statutory authority in adopting the rule. 
 
 SBNA remains committed to the goals of the CRA and supports efforts to modernize the rule through greater transparency regarding evaluation ratings, promoting consistent interpretations of CRA, and encouraging increased economic development in low and moderate-income communities. Management continues to monitor he court proceedings and will adjust SBNA's CRA plans once the status of the new rule becomes known. 

Broker-Dealer Regulation 
 
 The Broker-Dealers are registered with the SEC and subject to the regulation of the SEC, FINRA, the CFTC, the CME, and the NFA. These entities are subject to the SEC s uniform net capital rule, which requires the maintenance of minimum net capital levels. In addition, these entities are required to maintain proper controls over customer funds and securities and ensure that customer assets are not used for the benefit of the Broker-Dealer. These requirements also restrict the Broker-Dealer s ability to withdraw capital. Prior written notification to and approval from the applicable regulators is required for withdrawals exceeding 30 percent of the Broker-Dealer s excess net capital and also where the Broker-Dealer s net capital would be less than 25 percent of deductions from its net worth in computing net capital. 
 
 Edge Act Corporation Requirements 
 
 Edge Act corporations such as BSI are chartered under Section 25A of the Federal Reserve Act. These entities are subject to specific regulatory requirements under Regulation K. Permissible activities of Edge Act and agreement corporations include those incidentals to international or foreign business. Deposit-taking, credit, and fiduciary and investment advisor services are subject to applicable Federal Reserve regulations. Edge Act corporations are also subject to the USA Patriot Act as well as all applicable laws and regulations designed to combat money laundering and the financing of terrorist activities. 

81 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 CONSOLIDATED AVERAGE BALANCE SHEET / NET INTEREST MARGIN ANALYSIS 
 CONSOLIDATED AVERAGE BALANCE SHEET / NET INTEREST MARGIN ANALYSIS Three months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2024 (1) 
 2023 (1) 
 Interest Change due to (dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Yield/ 
 Rate (2) 
 Average Balance Interest Yield/ Rate (2) 
 Increase/(Decrease) Volume Rate Interest-earning deposits 12,727,793 222,492 6.99 11,523,253 218,925 7.60 3,567 15,364 (11,797) Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale or similar agreements, gross (3) 
 54,254,688 728,670 5.37 48,147,107 580,720 4.82 147,950 77,881 70,069 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale or similar agreements, netting (42,098,401) (37,774,270) Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale or similar agreements, net 12,156,287 10,372,837 AFS 6,867,852 93,057 5.42 6,360,187 66,773 4.20 26,284 5,667 20,617 HTM 9,491,578 54,371 2.29 9,227,351 46,173 2.00 8,198 1,352 6,846 Trading securities 12,487,618 150,944 4.83 8,846,360 106,921 4.83 44,023 44,023 Other investments 1,333,486 10,372 3.11 1,300,741 12,172 3.74 (1,800) 316 (2,116) TOTAL SECURITIES FINANCING ACTIVITIES, INVESTMENTS AND INTEREST-EARNING DEPOSITS 55,064,614 1,259,906 9.15 47,630,729 1,031,684 8.66 228,222 167,492 60,730 LOANS (4) : 
 C I 10,270,070 117,079 4.56 13,756,417 125,124 3.64 (8,045) (19,831) 11,786 CRE 8,823,284 168,094 7.62 8,609,794 166,584 7.74 1,510 4,029 (2,519) Other commercial loans 7,791,979 104,807 5.38 7,330,746 88,440 4.83 16,367 5,825 10,542 Multifamily 10,177,761 125,037 4.91 10,794,348 134,236 4.97 (9,199) (7,594) (1,605) Total commercial loans 37,063,094 515,017 5.56 40,491,305 514,384 5.08 633 (17,571) 18,204 Consumer loans: Residential mortgages 4,755,796 43,356 3.65 4,959,907 43,369 3.50 (13) 314 (327) Home equity loans and lines of credit 2,211,267 44,133 7.98 2,627,286 51,216 7.80 (7,083) (8,291) 1,208 Total consumer loans secured by real estate 6,967,063 87,489 5.02 7,587,193 94,585 4.99 (7,096) (7,977) 881 RICs and auto loans 45,296,016 1,491,109 13.17 44,695,318 1,373,171 12.29 117,938 18,634 99,304 Personal unsecured 2,936,495 72,155 9.83 4,601,412 132,212 11.49 (60,057) (42,917) (17,140) Other consumer 43,391 654 6.03 70,776 1,090 6.16 (436) (413) (23) Total consumer 55,242,965 1,651,407 11.96 56,954,699 1,601,058 11.24 50,349 (32,673) 83,022 Total loans 92,306,059 2,166,424 9.39 97,446,004 2,115,442 8.68 50,982 (50,244) 101,226 TOTAL EARNING ASSETS 147,370,673 3,426,330 9.30 145,076,733 3,147,126 8.68 279,204 117,248 161,956 Non-interest bearing assets (5) 
 24,054,067 26,032,881 TOTAL ASSETS 171,424,740 171,109,614 INTEREST BEARING FUNDING LIABILITIES Deposits and other customer related accounts: Interest-bearing demand deposits 12,419,797 49,875 1.61 12,470,098 44,848 1.44 5,027 (178) 5,205 Savings 3,890,971 1,877 0.19 4,959,909 3,223 0.26 (1,346) (598) (748) Money market 24,868,556 214,939 3.46 26,382,035 183,991 2.79 30,948 (9,715) 40,663 CDs 20,859,378 260,865 5.00 18,164,247 208,177 4.58 52,688 32,561 20,127 TOTAL INTEREST-BEARING DEPOSITS 62,038,702 527,556 3.40 61,976,289 440,239 2.84 87,317 22,070 65,247 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, gross (3) 
 63,752,588 860,769 5.40 50,636,237 675,050 5.33 185,719 176,749 8,970 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, netting (42,098,401) (33,583,913) Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, net 21,654,187 17,052,324 Trading liabilities 3,911,482 45,507 4.65 2,678,681 33,273 4.97 12,234 14,224 (1,990) FHLB advances 2,551,016 28,267 4.43 7,697,514 98,435 5.12 (70,168) (58,394) (11,774) Other borrowings 40,691,172 581,204 5.71 37,032,125 429,448 4.64 151,756 45,527 106,229 TOTAL SECURITIES FINANCING ACTIVITIES AND BORROWED FUNDS 68,807,857 1,515,747 8.81 64,460,644 1,236,206 7.67 279,541 178,106 101,435 TOTAL INTEREST-BEARING FUNDING LIABILITIES 130,846,559 2,043,303 6.25 126,436,933 1,676,445 5.30 366,858 59,761 307,097 Non-interest bearing liabilities (6) 
 21,862,060 25,744,838 TOTAL LIABILITIES 152,708,619 152,181,771 Mezzanine equity 2,000,000 1,500,000 STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 16,716,121 17,427,843 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 171,424,740 171,109,614 NET INTEREST SPREAD (7) 
 3.05 3.38 NET INTEREST MARGIN (8) 
 3.75 4.05 NET INTEREST INCOME 1,383,027 1,470,681 
 
 82 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Nine months ended September 30, 2024 and 2023 
 2024 (1) 
 2023 (1) 
 Interest Change due to (dollars in thousands) Average Balance Interest Yield/ Rate (2) 
 Average Balance Interest Yield/ Rate (2) 
 Increase/(Decrease) Volume Rate Interest-earning deposits 12,193,903 648,631 7.09 10,409,463 572,074 7.33 76,557 94,632 (18,075) Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale or similar agreements, gross (3) 
 54,876,266 2,210,518 5.37 51,623,580 1,797,354 4.64 413,164 118,165 294,999 Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale or similar agreements, netting (43,696,572) (37,456,177) Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale or similar agreements, net 11,179,694 14,167,403 AFS 6,969,297 287,729 5.50 6,654,822 199,769 4.00 87,960 9,843 78,117 HTM 9,148,384 145,165 2.12 9,359,202 139,719 1.99 5,446 (2,866) 8,312 Trading securities 11,700,468 414,215 4.72 8,371,191 282,479 4.50 131,736 117,311 14,425 Other investments 1,331,942 35,304 3.53 1,282,981 30,144 3.13 5,160 1,186 3,974 TOTAL SECURITIES FINANCING ACTIVITIES, INVESTMENTS AND INTEREST-EARNING DEPOSITS 52,523,688 3,741,562 9.50 50,245,062 3,021,539 8.02 720,023 338,271 381,752 LOANS (4) : 
 C I 11,144,201 344,926 4.13 14,961,759 400,781 3.57 (55,855) (144,994) 89,139 CRE 8,934,259 509,984 7.61 8,407,974 462,271 7.33 47,713 29,630 18,083 Other commercial loans 7,670,776 306,182 5.32 7,432,895 255,535 4.58 50,647 8,372 42,275 Multifamily 10,250,016 376,116 4.89 10,553,821 377,417 4.77 (1,301) (10,320) 9,019 Total commercial loans 37,999,252 1,537,208 5.39 41,356,449 1,496,004 4.82 41,204 (117,312) 158,516 Consumer loans: Residential mortgages 4,734,454 126,678 3.57 5,064,592 132,225 3.48 (5,547) (9,195) 3,648 Home equity loans and lines of credit 2,300,922 136,731 7.92 2,769,320 152,277 7.33 (15,546) (29,662) 14,116 Total consumer loans secured by real estate 7,035,376 263,409 4.99 7,833,912 284,502 4.84 (21,093) (38,857) 17,764 RICs and auto loans 44,543,210 4,353,513 13.03 44,525,835 3,988,326 11.94 365,187 1,570 363,617 Personal unsecured 3,517,749 287,297 10.89 4,462,604 378,035 11.29 (90,738) (79,822) (10,916) Other consumer 49,685 2,264 6.08 79,181 2,790 4.70 (526) (2,484) 1,958 Total consumer 55,146,020 4,906,483 11.86 56,901,532 4,653,653 10.90 252,830 (119,593) 372,423 Total loans 93,145,272 6,443,691 9.22 98,257,981 6,149,657 8.34 294,034 (236,905) 530,939 TOTAL EARNING ASSETS 145,668,960 10,185,253 9.32 148,503,043 9,171,196 8.23 1,014,057 101,366 912,691 Non-interest bearing assets (5) 
 24,241,314 26,234,627 TOTAL ASSETS 169,910,274 174,737,670 INTEREST BEARING FUNDING LIABILITIES Deposits and other customer related accounts: Interest-bearing demand deposits 12,395,100 143,045 1.54 12,667,901 103,584 1.09 39,461 (2,170) 41,631 Savings 4,081,153 6,275 0.21 5,067,383 5,890 0.15 385 (365) 750 Money market 25,009,453 627,713 3.35 27,027,192 463,852 2.29 163,861 (31,510) 195,371 CDs 20,401,330 768,460 5.02 16,335,529 513,170 4.19 255,290 142,145 113,145 TOTAL INTEREST-BEARING DEPOSITS 61,887,036 1,545,493 3.33 61,098,005 1,086,496 2.37 458,997 108,100 350,897 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, gross (3) 
 63,979,450 2,589,950 5.40 54,135,129 2,012,023 4.96 577,927 388,425 189,502 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, netting (43,696,572) (34,362,894) Federal funds purchased and securities sold under agreements to repurchase, net 20,282,878 19,772,235 Trading liabilities 3,678,059 129,342 4.69 3,245,920 102,964 4.23 26,378 14,518 11,860 FHLB advances 3,709,297 135,693 4.88 7,400,964 279,000 5.03 (143,307) (135,224) (8,083) Other borrowings 39,862,951 1,621,015 5.42 37,837,815 1,218,366 4.29 402,649 68,007 334,642 TOTAL SECURITIES FINANCING ACTIVITIES AND BORROWED FUNDS 67,533,185 4,476,000 8.84 68,256,934 3,612,353 7.06 863,647 335,726 527,921 TOTAL INTEREST-BEARING FUNDING LIABILITIES 129,420,221 6,021,493 6.20 129,354,939 4,698,849 4.84 1,322,644 443,826 878,818 Non-interest-bearing liabilities (6) 
 22,380,568 26,817,620 TOTAL LIABILITIES 151,800,789 156,172,559 Mezzanine equity 2,000,000 895,258 STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 16,109,485 17,669,853 TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDER S EQUITY 169,910,274 174,737,670 NET INTEREST SPREAD (7) 
 3.12 3.39 NET INTEREST MARGIN (8) 
 3.81 4.02 NET INTEREST INCOME 4,163,760 4,472,347 
 (1) Average balances are based on daily averages when available. When daily averages are unavailable, mid-month averages are substituted. 
 (2) Yields calculated using taxable equivalent net interest income. 
 (3) Represents the average gross Securities Financing Activities balance, including activity that qualifies for balance sheet netting, as discussed further in Note 11 to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (4) Interest on loans includes amortization of premiums and discounts on purchased loan portfolios and amortization of deferred loan fees, net of origination costs. Average loan balances include non-accrual loans and LHFS. 
 83 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

(5) Includes allowance for loan losses and Other assets including leases, goodwill and intangibles, premise and equipment, net deferred tax assets, equity method investments, BOLI, accrued interest receivable, derivative assets, miscellaneous receivables, prepaid expenses and MSRs. Refer to Note 6 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion. 
 (6) Includes Non-interest-bearing deposits and Other liabilities primarily including accounts payable and accrued expenses, derivative liabilities, net deferred tax liabilities and the unfunded lending commitments liability. 
 (7) Represents the difference between the yield on total earning assets and the cost of total funding liabilities on a managed basis. 
 (8) Represents annualized, taxable equivalent net interest income divided by average interest-earning assets. 
 . 

NET INTEREST INCOME 
 
 Net interest income decreased 87.7 million and decreased 308.6 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. The most significant factors contributing to these changes were as follows: 
 
 Interest income on loans increased 51.0 million and increased 294.0 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. The three-month period change is attributable to a decrease in average loan volume of 50.2 million and an increase in average rates of 101.2 million. The nine-month period change is attributable to a decrease in average loan volume of 236.9 million and an increase in average rates of 530.9 million. Refer to the discussion of changes in loan balances in the "Loan Portfolio" section of this MD A. The increases are also attributable to interest rate increases. 
 Interest income on interest-earning deposits increased 3.6 million and increased 76.6 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. The three-month period change is attributable to an increase in average interest-bearing deposits volume of 15.4 million and a decrease in average rates of 11.8 million. The nine-month period change is attributable to an increase in average interest-bearing deposits volume of 94.6 million and a decrease in average rates of 18.1 million. 
 Interest and fees on federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements or similar arrangements increased 148.0 million and increased 413.2 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. The three-month period change is attributable to an increase in average federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements or similar arrangements volume of 77.9 million and an increase in average rates of 70.1 million. The nine-month period change is attributable to an increase in average federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements or similar arrangements volume of 118.2 million and an increase in average rates of 295.0 million. 
 Interest income on investment securities increased 76.7 million and increased 230.3 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. The three-month period change is attributable to an increase in average investment securities volume of 51.4 million and an increase in average rates of 25.3 million. The nine-month period change is attributable to an increase in average investment securities volume of 125.5 million and an increase in average rates of 104.8 million. These changes are primarily driven by an increase in interest rates during the year. 
 Interest expense on deposits and related customer accounts increased 87.3 million and increased 459.0 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. The three-month period change is attributed to an increase in average interest-bearing deposit volume of 22.1 million and an increase in average rates of 65.2 million. The nine-month period change is attributable to an increase in average interest-bearing deposit volume of 108.1 million and an increase in average rates of 350.9 million. The increase in average rates is primarily attributable to money market and CD products. 
 Interest expense on Securities Financing Activities and borrowed funds increased 279.5 million and increased 863.6 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. The three-month period change is attributable to an increase in average Securities Financing Activities and borrowed funds volume of 178.1 million and an increase in average rates of 101.4 million. The nine-month period change is attributable to an increase in average Securities Financing Activities and borrowed funds volume of 335.7 million and an increase in average rates of 527.9 million. Both changes were mostly attributable to an increase in Securities Financing Activities. 
 
 84 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

CREDIT LOSS EXPENSE (BENEFIT) 
 
 The Company had credit loss expense of 431.3 million and 1.3 billion for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to a credit loss expense of 856.3 million and 1.6 billion for the corresponding periods in 2023. The credit loss expense during the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 was mainly due to RICs and personal unsecured loan charge-offs, partially offset by the decrease in ACL driven by improvement in the macroeconomic outlook for certain macro variables, seasonally expected lower delinquencies in RICs and auto loans, sale of certain personal unsecured loans and off-balance sheet securitizations of RICs and auto loans. 
 
 Credit loss expense on commercial loans decreased 37.5 million and decreased 76.7 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023, primarily driven by improved macroeconomic outlook for certain micro variables and lower exposure, partially offset by rating downgrades in the Multifamily portfolio and the Dealer Floor Plan portfolio. 
 
 Credit loss expense on consumer loans decreased 393.7 million and decreased 211.6 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023, primarily driven by release in reserves due to the sale of certain personal unsecured loans and off-balance sheet securitizations of RICs and auto loans. Net charge-offs on the consumer loan portfolios decreased 21.4 million and increased 225.5 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023, as current year activity reflects normalization in credit performance post-pandemic. In addition, there has been an increase in net charge-offs in the personal unsecured loan portfolio because of high borrowing costs and persistent inflation. 
 
 The credit loss expense on unfunded credit losses for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 increased 6.2 million and decreased 1.6 million compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. 

NON-INTEREST INCOME 
 Three months ended September 30, 
 Nine months ended September 30, 
 QTD Change YTD Change (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Dollar increase/(decrease) Percentage Dollar increase/(decrease) Percentage Consumer fees 78,834 45,294 211,843 154,515 33,540 74.0 57,328 37.1 Commercial fees 26,114 34,146 73,184 103,756 (8,032) (23.5) (30,572) (29.5) Lease income 535,872 617,962 1,688,602 1,866,968 (82,090) (13.3) (178,366) (9.6) Capital market revenue 102,075 103,675 316,349 217,561 (1,600) (1.5) 98,788 45.4 Miscellaneous income, net 7,099 83,316 264,388 283,705 (76,217) (91.5) (19,317) (6.8) Net gains recognized in earnings 55,117 37,048 184,304 108,556 18,069 48.8 75,748 69.8 Total non-interest income 805,111 921,441 2,738,670 2,735,061 (116,330) (12.6) 3,609 0.1 
 
 Total non-interest income decreased 116.3 million and increased 3.6 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. These changes were primarily comprised of: 
 
 Consumer fees increased 33.5 million and 57.3 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding periods in 2023, primarily due to an increase in consumer loan fees, increase in consumer deposit fees, and an increase in insurance investment fees. . 
 Lease income decreased 82.1 million and 178.4 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding periods in 2023, primarily due to less active leased vehicle units. 
 Capital market revenue decreased 1.6 million and increased 98.8 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding periods in 2023, primarily due to an increase in underwriting fees. 
 Miscellaneous income, net decreased 76.2 million and 19.3 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding periods in 2023, discussed further below. 
 Net gains recognized in earnings increased 18.1 million and 75.7 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023, primarily due to an increase from trading securities gains during 2024. 
 85 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Miscellaneous income 
 Three months ended September 30, 
 Nine months ended September 30, 
 QTD Change YTD Change (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Dollar increase/(decrease) Percentage Dollar increase/(decrease) Percentage Mortgage banking income, net 15,302 784 48,599 9,624 14,518 1,851.8 38,975 405.0 BOLI 15,640 19,389 49,103 49,485 (3,749) (19.3) (382) (0.8) Net gain on sale of operating leases 17,494 12,922 61,847 55,296 4,572 35.4 6,551 11.8 Asset and wealth management fees 73,506 62,523 220,615 185,844 10,983 17.6 34,771 18.7 Gain/(loss) on sale of non-mortgage loans 
 (663) 2,058 (2,629) (8,147) (2,721) (132.2) 5,518 67.7 Other miscellaneous income / (loss), net (114,180) (14,360) (113,147) (8,397) (99,820) (695.1) (104,750) (1,247.5) Total miscellaneous income 7,099 83,316 264,388 283,705 (76,217) (91.5) (19,317) (6.8) 
 
 Miscellaneous income decreased 76.2 million and 19.3 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. These changes were primarily comprised of: 
 
 An increase in Mortgage banking income, net, led by servicing fees on multi-family portfolio. 
 An increase in Asset and wealth management fees, led by higher brokerage income. 
 A decrease in Other miscellaneous income / (loss), net driven by the loss on sale of certain loan portfolios, as discussed in Note 3. 

86 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

GENERAL, ADMINISTRATIVE AND OTHER EXPENSES 
 Three months Ended September 30, 
 Nine months Ended September 30, 
 QTD Change YTD Change (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Dollar increase/(decrease) Percentage Dollar increase/(decrease) Percentage Compensation and benefits 532,890 528,465 1,600,393 1,519,614 4,425 0.8 80,779 5.3 Occupancy and equipment expenses 157,017 160,608 473,847 505,226 (3,591) (2.2) (31,379) (6.2) Technology, outside services, and marketing expense 196,345 184,168 575,244 523,190 12,177 6.6 52,054 9.9 Loan expense 87,287 86,729 254,822 276,420 558 0.6 (21,598) (7.8) Lease expense 442,947 479,991 1,334,384 1,455,820 (37,044) (7.7) (121,436) (8.3) Other expenses 179,221 123,883 469,325 383,861 55,338 44.7 85,464 22.3 Total general, administrative and other expenses 1,595,707 1,563,844 4,708,015 4,664,131 31,863 2.0 43,884 0.9 
 
 Total general, administrative and other expenses increased 31.9 million and 43.9 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. The most significant factors contributing to these changes were as follows: 
 
 Technology, outside services, and marketing expense increased 12.2 million and 52.1 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023, due to increasing technology costs related to continued banking system build-outs. 
 Lease expense decreased 37.0 million and 121.4 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023, due to lower auto lease volumes resulting in lower depreciation expense. 
 Other expenses increased 55.3 million and 85.5 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023, due to increase in regulatory fees and litigation reserves. 

INCOME TAX PROVISION 
 
 An Income tax benefit of 32.2 million and 74.3 million was recorded for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to a benefit of 147.8 million and 54.9 million for the corresponding periods in 2023. This resulted in an ETR of (20.0) for the three months ended September 30, 2024 compared to (527.5 for the corresponding period in 2023. The ETR for the three months ended June 30, 2024 was (13.7) . The quarter over quarter change is primarily the result of a decrease in the annual forecasted pretax income during the third quarter of 2024. 
 
 The ETR for the three months ended September 30, 2024 when compared to the same period in 2023, was directly impacted by (i) increase in forecasted pretax income in 2024 and (ii) a significant increase in electric vehicle tax credits expected to be generated in the fourth quarter 2023. 
 
 The Company's ETR in future periods will be affected by the results of operations allocated to the various tax jurisdictions in which the Company operates, any change in income tax laws or regulations within those jurisdictions, and interpretations of income tax regulations that differ from the Company's interpretations by tax authorities that examine tax returns filed by the Company or any of its subsidiaries. 
 
 87 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

LINE OF BUSINESS RESULTS 
 
 The Company manages its business activities by it six reportable segments, Auto, CBB, C I, CRE, CIB, and Wealth Management. The tables below reflect certain information by reportable segment and includes additional supplementary information related to consumer activities and commercial activities. The supplementary information is deemed to be useful as it represents a view in how we manage the business and also aligns with how our parent, S antander, manages its business from a global perspective. 
 
 Consumer Activities 
 
 Consumer activities consist of the Company's Auto and CBB reportable segments. 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Total Consumer Activities Auto CBB Total Consumer activities Auto CBB Total Consumer Activities Dollar increase/(decrease) Percentage Net interest income 907,566 360,730 1,268,296 926,581 407,358 1,333,939 (65,643) (4.9) Total non-interest income 
 545,680 (39,004) 506,676 623,850 58,682 682,532 (175,856) (25.8) Credit loss expense / (benefit) 519,758 (82,681) 437,077 782,505 31,789 814,294 (377,217) (46.3) Total expenses 771,970 348,303 1,120,273 816,512 360,017 1,176,529 (56,256) (4.8) Income/(loss) before income taxes 161,518 56,104 217,622 (48,586) 74,234 25,648 191,974 748.5 Nine months ended 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Total Consumer Activities Auto CBB Total Consumer activities Auto CBB Total Consumer Activities Dollar increase/(decrease) Percentage Net interest income 2,716,442 1,114,655 3,831,097 2,754,863 1,219,442 3,974,305 (143,208) (3.6) Total non-interest income 1,721,271 91,604 1,812,875 1,924,771 188,389 2,113,160 (300,285) (14.2) Credit loss expense 
 1,347,400 360 1,347,760 1,296,120 238,596 1,534,716 (186,956) (12.2) Total expenses 2,334,758 1,054,475 3,389,233 2,466,643 1,093,160 3,559,803 (170,570) (4.8) Income/(loss) before income taxes 755,555 151,424 906,979 916,871 76,075 992,946 (85,967) (8.7) Total assets 62,094,480 9,891,925 71,986,405 62,945,184 12,601,046 75,546,230 (3,559,825) (4.7) 
 
 The Company reported total income before income taxes related to its Consumer activities of 217.6 million and 907.0 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to income before income taxes of 25.6 million and 992.9 million for the corresponding periods in 2023. The most significant drivers of these changes were: 
 
 Total non-interest income for Auto decreased 78.2 million and decreased 203.5 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. These changes were primarily driven by lower lease income as result of lower volumes. 
 Credit loss expense in Auto decreased 262.7 million and increased 51.3 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. The increase was driven by higher loan volume and the continued normalization of the net charge-off rate, which was still lower than pre-pandemic levels. The decrease is due to provision releases related to two capital transactions in 2024; partially offset in loss on sale in non-interest income. 
 Total non-interest income for CBB decreased 97.7 million and decreased 96.8 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. These changes were primarily driven by loss on sale of a personal unsecured loan portfolio. 
 Credit loss expense for CBB decreased 114.5 million and decreased 238.2 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. These changes were primarily driven by lower balances across most consumer portfolios and provision release on the sale of a personal unsecured loan portfolio; partially offset in loss on sale in non-interest income. 
 Total assets in CBB at September 30, 2024 there was a decrease of 2.7 billion compared to the corresponding date in 2023. The decreases were driven by lower loan originations, strategic portfolio sale and home mortgage runoff. 
 
 88 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Commercial Activities 
 
 Commercial activities consists of the Company's C I reportable segment and CRE reportable segment. 
 
 Three months ended September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Total Commercial Activities C I CRE Total Commercial Activities C I CRE Total Commercial Activities Dollar increase/(decrease) Percentage Net interest income 92,407 121,822 214,229 80,560 115,388 195,948 18,281 9.3 Total non-interest income 
 17,793 20,933 38,726 10,732 8,033 18,765 19,961 106.4 Credit loss expense / (benefit) (12,676) 15,940 3,264 (8,292) 55,864 47,572 (44,308) (93.1) Total expenses 50,627 33,381 84,008 59,041 34,411 93,452 (9,444) (10.1) Income/(loss) before income taxes 72,249 93,434 165,683 40,543 33,146 73,689 91,994 124.8 Nine months ended 
 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2023 Total Commercial Activities C I CRE Total Commercial Activities C I CRE Total Commercial Activities Dollar increase/(decrease) Percentage Net interest income 270,197 372,898 643,095 243,623 333,455 577,078 66,017 11.4 Total non-interest income 49,541 56,986 106,527 38,478 25,682 64,160 42,367 66.0 Credit loss expense / (benefit) (54,782) 57,376 2,594 (13,348) 111,931 98,583 (95,989) (97.4) Total expenses 158,410 102,052 260,462 180,572 100,919 281,491 (21,029) (7.5) Income before income taxes 216,110 270,456 486,566 114,877 146,287 261,164 225,402 86.3 Total assets 3,977,854 23,621,631 27,599,485 4,871,660 22,488,032 27,359,692 239,793 0.9 
 
 The Company reported total income before income taxes related to its Commercial activities of 165.7 million and 486.6 million, for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to income before income taxes of 73.7 million and 261.2 million for the corresponding periods in 2023. The most significant drivers of these changes were: 
 
 Net interest income in CRE increased 6.4 million and increased 39.4 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods of 2023. The increases were driven by the beneficial interest in the Structured LLC investment with the FDIC. 
 Total non-interest income in CRE increased 12.9 million and increased 31.3 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods of 2023. The increases were driven by the servicing fees on the beneficial interest in Structured LLC investment with the FDIC. 
 Credit loss expense in CRE had a decrease of 39.9 million and a decrease of 54.6 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods of 2023. These decreases were due higher reserve build in 2023 on CRE office assets. 
 Credit loss expense in C I decreased 4.4 million and decreased 41.4 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods of 2023. These decreases were due to reserve releases related to lower C I loan balances. 
 
 89 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

CIB 
 Three months ended September 30 
 Nine months ended September 30 
 QTD Change YTD Change (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Dollar increase/(decrease) Percentage Dollar increase/(decrease) Percentage Net interest income 25,909 48,677 78,945 170,311 (22,768) (46.8) (91,366) (53.6) Total non-interest income 152,849 90,219 502,304 268,014 62,630 69.4 234,290 87.4 Credit loss expense / (benefit) (8,344) (5,258) (30,443) (19,391) (3,086) (58.7) (11,052) (57.0) Total expenses 224,781 159,730 629,680 398,206 65,051 40.7 231,474 58.1 Income/(Loss) before income taxes (37,679) (15,576) (17,988) 59,510 (22,103) (141.9) (77,498) (130.2) Total assets 27,474,238 27,502,833 27,474,238 27,502,833 (28,595) (0.1) (28,595) (0.1) 
 
 CIB reported a loss before income taxes of 37.7 million and a loss before income taxes of 18.0 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to a loss before income taxes of 15.6 million and income before income taxes of 59.5 million for the corresponding periods in 2023. Factors contributing to these changes were: 
 
 Net interest income decreased 22.8 million and decreased 91.4 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. The year-to-date decrease was due in part to higher funding costs and decreased loan volumes. 
 Total non-interest income increased 62.6 million and increased 234.3 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. These increases were due to increased fee income from the CIB build-out strategy and gains on trading activity. 
 Total expenses increased 65.1 million and increased 231.5 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. These increases were due to continued investment costs related to the CIB build out strategy. 
 
 Wealth Management 
 
 Three months ended September 30 
 Nine months ended September 30 
 QTD Change YTD Change (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Dollar increase/(decrease) Percentage Dollar increase/(decrease) Percentage Net interest income 53,278 66,736 167,603 210,392 (13,458) (20.2) (42,789) (20.3) Total non-interest income 82,105 66,696 241,848 187,203 15,409 23.1 54,645 29.2 Credit loss expense / (benefit) 205 205 (205) (100.0) (205) (100.0) Total expenses 70,185 72,911 200,343 208,931 (2,726) (3.7) (8,588) (4.1) Income / (Loss) before income taxes 65,198 60,316 209,108 188,459 4,882 8.1 20,649 11.0 Total assets 8,137,399 7,404,818 8,137,399 7,404,818 732,581 9.9 732,581 9.9 
 
 Wealth Management reported income before income taxes of 65.2 million and 209.1 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to income before income taxes of 60.3 million and 188.5 million for the corresponding periods in 2023. The primary factor contributing to these changes was: 
 
 Net interest income decreased 13.5 million and decreased 42.8 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. These decreases were primarily driven by higher funding costs. 
 Total non-interest income increased 15.4 million and increased 54.6 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods in 2023. These increases were primarily driven by additional transaction fees on increased securities transaction activity and higher foreign exchange client activity. 
 90 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Other 
 Three months ended September 30 
 Nine months ended September 30 
 QTD Change YTD Change (dollars in thousands) 2024 2023 2024 2023 Dollar increase/(decrease) Percentage Dollar increase/(decrease) Percentage Net interest income (178,685) (174,619) (556,980) (459,739) (4,066) (2.3) (97,241) (21.2) Total non-interest income 24,755 63,229 75,116 102,524 (38,474) (60.8) (27,408) (26.7) Credit loss expense / (benefit) (658) (521) (2,342) (6,570) (137) (26.3) 4,228 64.4 Total expenses 96,460 61,222 228,297 215,700 35,238 57.6 12,597 5.8 Income / (Loss) before income taxes (249,732) (172,091) (707,819) (566,345) (77,641) (45.1) (141,474) (25.0) Total assets 32,821,822 27,839,590 32,821,822 27,839,590 4,982,232 17.9 4,982,232 17.9 
 
 The Other category reported losses before income taxes of 249.7 million and 707.8 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to losses before income taxes of 172.1 million and 566.3 million for the corresponding periods in 2023. The primary factors contributing to these changes were: 
 
 Net interest income decreased 4.1 million and decreased 97.2 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods of 2023. These decreases were mainly due to increased cost of funding. 
 Total non-interest income decreased 38.5 million and decreased 27.4 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods of 2023. These decreases were mainly due to prior year gains on swaption derivatives. 
 Total expenses increased 35.2 million and increased 12.6 million for the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, respectively, compared to the corresponding periods of 2023. These increases were mainly due to increased legal reserves discussed in Note 16. 

91 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

FINANCIAL CONDITION 

LOAN PORTFOLIO 
 
 The Company's LHFI portfolio consisted of the following at the dates indicated: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Dollar Increase / (Decrease) Percent Increase (Decrease) (dollars in thousands) Amount Percent Amount Percent Commercial LHFI: CRE 8,826,084 9.8 8,747,544 9.4 78,540 0.9 C I 9,790,851 10.9 11,181,962 12.0 (1,391,111) (12.4) Multifamily 9,982,721 11.1 10,548,905 11.3 (566,184) (5.4) Other commercial 7,518,806 8.4 7,476,113 8.0 42,693 0.6 Total commercial loans (1) 
 36,118,462 40.2 37,954,524 40.7 (1,836,062) (4.8) Consumer loans secured by real estate: Residential mortgages 4,519,334 5.0 4,816,218 5.2 (296,884) (6.2) Home equity loans and lines of credit 2,169,140 2.4 2,448,454 2.6 (279,314) (11.4) Total consumer loans secured by real estate 6,688,474 7.4 7,264,672 7.8 (576,198) (7.9) Consumer loans not secured by real estate: RICs and auto loans 44,929,443 50.2 43,705,359 47.0 1,224,084 2.8 Personal unsecured loans 1,909,725 2.1 4,062,700 4.4 (2,152,975) (53.0) Other consumer 40,374 0.1 59,954 0.1 (19,580) (32.7) Total consumer loans 53,568,016 59.8 55,092,685 59.3 (1,524,669) (2.8) Total LHFI 89,686,478 100.0 93,047,209 100.0 (3,360,731) (3.6) Total LHFI with: Fixed 63,041,673 70.3 65,960,370 70.9 (2,918,697) (4.4) Variable 26,644,805 29.7 27,086,839 29.1 (442,034) (1.6) Total LHFI 89,686,478 100.0 93,047,209 100.0 (3,360,731) (3.6) 
 
 (1) As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 409.5 million of commercial loans that were denominated in a currency other than the U.S. dollar. 

92 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Loans by Maturity and Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 At September 30, 2024, Maturing 
 (in thousands) In One Year Or Less One to Five Years Five to 15 Years After 15 Years Total Fixed Rates: CRE loans 98,942 255,516 69,641 6,987 431,086 C I 78,083 679,661 286,717 8,825 1,053,286 Multifamily loans 578,707 4,152,861 2,506,828 7,238,396 Other commercial 696,482 2,001,576 1,108,174 3,806,232 Total Commercial 1,452,214 7,089,614 3,971,360 15,812 12,529,000 Residential mortgages 1,045 30,930 575,063 4,221,956 4,828,994 Home equity loans and lines of credit 17,184 11,294 42,213 27,130 97,821 RICs and auto loans 620,871 25,979,993 18,635,970 12 45,236,846 Personal unsecured loans 34,138 1,161,956 303,565 1,499,659 Other consumer 1,136 31,657 3,482 4,100 40,375 Total Fixed Rates 2,126,588 34,305,444 23,531,653 4,269,010 64,232,695 Variable Rates: CRE loans 3,562,935 4,356,628 402,551 96,589 8,418,703 C I 1,652,175 6,757,664 472,044 26,755 8,908,638 Multifamily loans 831,251 1,537,519 373,929 1,626 2,744,325 Other commercial 3,503,125 209,449 3,712,574 Total Commercial 9,549,486 12,861,260 1,248,524 124,970 23,784,240 Residential mortgages 214 3,453 104,593 465,698 573,958 Home equity loans and lines of credit 678 1,448 477,538 1,591,655 2,071,319 Personal unsecured loans 3,765 166,165 239,200 936 410,066 Other consumer Total Variable Rates 9,554,143 13,032,326 2,069,855 2,183,259 26,839,583 Total 11,680,731 47,337,770 25,601,508 6,452,269 91,072,278 
 
 Commercial 
 
 Commercial loans decreased approximately 1.8 billion, or 4.8 , from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024. This decrease was primarily attributable to a decrease in C I loans of 1.4 billion and a decrease in Multifamily loans of 566.2 million, partially offset by an increase in CRE loans of 78.5 million. 
 
 Consumer Loans Secured By Real Estate 
 
 Consumer loans secured by real estate decreased 576.2 million from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024. The Company ceased origination of new residential mortgage and home equity loans in the first quarter of 2022. 
 
 Consumer Loans Not Secured By Real Estate 
 
 RICs and auto loans 
 
 RICs and auto loans HFI increased 1.2 billion from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024. This increase represents new origination activity, offset by collections and transfers out of HFI in connection with the Company's de-consolidation transactions resulting in off-balance sheet securitization. RICs are collateralized by vehicle titles, and the lender has the right to repossess the vehicle in the event the consumer defaults on the payment terms of the contract. A significant portion of the Company's RICs HFI are pledged against warehouse lines or securitization bonds. Refer to further discussion of these in Note 9 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, the Company transferred its financial interests of approximately 507.7 million on-balance sheet auto RIC Trust to a third party and to a newly-formed off-balance sheet Trust. Refer to Note 7 to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional discussion of this transaction. 
 
 93 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

During the third quarter of 2024, the Company transferred an additional 307.4 million of auto RICs from LHFI to LHFS in connection with a planned de-consolidation and transfer to an off-balance sheet Trust, resulting in a release of the ACL in the amount of approximately 33.8 million, offset by a mark to fair value loss on securitization of approximately 8.0 million. This transaction was completed in October 2024. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, 58.1 of the Company's RIC and auto loan portfolio balance was comprised of nonprime loans (defined by the Company as customers with a FICO score of below 640) with customers who did not qualify for conventional consumer finance products as a result of, among other things, a lack of or adverse credit history, low income levels and/or the inability to provide adequate down payments. This also includes 6.1 of loans for which no FICO score was available. While underwriting guidelines are designed to establish that the customer would be a reasonable credit risk, nonprime loans will nonetheless experience higher default rates than a portfolio of obligations of prime customers. Additionally, higher unemployment rates, higher gasoline prices, unstable real estate values, re-sets of adjustable rate mortgages to higher interest rates, the general availability of consumer credit, and other factors that impact consumer confidence or disposable income could lead to an increase in delinquencies, defaults, and repossessions, as well as decreased consumer demand for used automobiles and other consumer products, weaken collateral values and increase losses in the event of default. Because of the historical focus for such credit has been predominantly on nonprime consumers, the actual rates of delinquencies, defaults, repossessions, and losses on these loans could be more dramatically affected by a general economic downturn. 
 
 The Company's automated originations process for these credits reflects a disciplined approach to credit risk management to mitigate the risks of nonprime customers. The Company's robust historical data on both organically originated and acquired loans provides it with the ability to perform advanced loss forecasting. Each applicant is automatically assigned a proprietary custom score using information such as FICO scores, DTI ratios, LTV ratios, and over 30 other predictive factors, placing the applicant in one of 100 pricing tiers. The pricing in each tier is continuously monitored and adjusted to reflect market and risk trends. In addition to the Company's automated process, it maintains a team of underwriters for manual review, consideration of exceptions, and review of deal structures with dealers. 
 
 Personal unsecured and other consumer loans 
 
 Personal unsecured and other consumer loans HFI decreased 2.2 billion from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024. This decrease was primarily attributable to run-off in the portfolio and the sale of approximately 1.3 billion of personal unsecured loans to a third party. The transaction resulted in a loss on sale of approximately 106.8 million, offset by a release of the ACL in the amount of approximately 101.8 million. 

94 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

At September 30, 2024, the CRE and multifamily portfolios included the following: 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 
 (in thousands) Balance Percentage of Total CRE and Multifamily CRE loans 8,826,084 46.9 Multifamily loans (1) 
 9,982,721 53.1 Total CRE and multifamily loans 18,808,805 100.0 CRE loans by type Multifamily construction 3,411,639 18.1 Office 1,756,703 9.3 Retail 1,141,937 6.1 Industrial 1,556,270 8.3 Other 959,535 5.1 Total 8,826,084 (1) Occupied properties 
 
 Multifamily lending (occupied and construction) continues to be our focus, representing 71 of the total CRE and multifamily portfolio and 14.9 of total LHFI. Overall, occupancy across the multifamily loan portfolio and our primary markets, such as New York City, continues to be stable. Our construction originations are concentrated to well-established and proven builders and sponsors. 
 
 Office CRE loans represent 9.3 of the total CRE and multifamily portfolio and 2 of total LHFI. The Company's office exposure primarily consists of investment grade, single tenants with long leases. 
 
 The Company's retail CRE portfolio represents 6.1 of the total CRE and multifamily portfolio and 1 of total LHFI. The retail portfolio is anchored by institutional or investment grade tenants, which have demonstrated recovery following the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 The Company's CRE and Multifamily portfolios, by state at the date indicated was; 
 
 As of September 30, 2024 
 (dollars in thousands) Balance 
 Percentage of Total CRE and Multifamily State 
 New York 5,790,433 30.8 New Jersey 2,291,093 12.2 Texas 1,722,606 9.2 Massachusetts 1,556,069 8.3 All other states 
 7,448,604 39.5 Total 
 18,808,805 100.0 
 95 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

NON-PERFORMING ASSETS 
 
 The following table presents the composition of non-performing assets at the dates indicated: 
 Period Ended Change (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Dollar Percentage Non-accrual loans: Commercial: CRE 263,802 267,537 (3,735) (1.4) C I 142,342 143,504 (1,162) (0.8) Multifamily 195,415 97,228 98,187 101.0 Other commercial 6,496 5,621 875 15.6 Total commercial loans 608,055 513,890 94,165 18.3 Consumer loans secured by real estate: Residential mortgages 54,252 52,718 1,534 2.9 Home equity loans and lines of credit 71,884 86,332 (14,448) (16.7) Consumer loans not secured by real estate: RICs and auto loans 2,148,302 2,194,509 (46,207) (2.1) Personal unsecured loans 2,616 21,267 (18,651) (87.7) Other consumer 13,959 15,733 (1,774) (11.3) Total consumer loans 2,291,013 2,370,559 (79,546) (3.4) Total non-accrual loans 2,899,068 2,884,449 14,619 0.5 OREO 19,482 24,246 (4,764) (19.6) Repossessed vehicles 251,238 265,368 (14,130) (5.3) Other repossessed assets 23,276 1,666 21,610 1,297.1 Total OREO and other repossessed assets 293,996 291,280 2,716 0.9 Total non-performing assets 3,193,064 3,175,729 17,335 0.5 Past due 90 days or more as to interest or principal and accruing interest 11,614 7,947 3,667 46.1 Non-performing assets as a percentage of total assets 1.9 1.9 n/a n/a 

96 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

CREDIT RATIOS 
 
 As of and for the year-to-date ended 
 (dollars in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 September 30, 2023 ACL to total loan outstanding 7.3 7.5 7.3 ACL 6,607,819 6,992,815 7,057,324 Total loans outstanding 91,072,278 93,207,327 96,435,750 NPL to total loans outstanding 3.2 3.1 2.5 NPL 2,899,068 2,884,449 2,427,582 Total loans outstanding 91,072,278 93,207,327 96,435,750 ACL to NPL 227.9 242.4 290.7 ACL 6,607,819 6,992,815 7,057,324 NPL 2,899,068 2,884,449 2,427,582 Net charge-offs during the period to average loans outstanding : 
 Commercial 0.1 0.2 0.1 Net charge-offs / (recoveries) during the period 
 30,681 91,924 24,648 Average amount outstanding 37,999,252 40,904,656 41,356,449 Consumer 3.0 3.6 2.5 Net charge-offs / (recoveries) during the period 
 1,671,884 2,062,520 1,446,392 Average amount outstanding 55,146,020 56,837,616 56,901,532 

Commercial net charge-offs during the period to average loans increased from September 30, 2023 to September 30, 2024. The increase in net charge-offs was primarily due to deterioration in the portfolio and other factors such as high interest rates and persistent inflation. Consumer net charge-offs during the period to average loans increased from September 30, 2023 to September 30, 2024. This increase was primarily due to current year activity in RICs reflecting normalization in credit performance post pandemic. In addition, there has been an increase in net charge-offs in personal unsecured loans portfolio because of high borrowing costs and persistent inflation. 
 
 Commercial 
 
 Commercial NPLs increased 94.2 million from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024. Commercial NPLs accounted for 1.7 of commercial LHFI at September 30, 2024. The change in commercial NPLs was primarily comprised of an increase of 98.2 million in the Multifamily portfolio, a decrease of 3.7 million in the CRE portfolio and a decrease of 1.2 million in the C I portfolio. The changes in Multifamily NPLs are primarily driven by the impact of the high interest rate environment on customer appraisals. 
 
 Consumer Loans Secured by Real Estate 
 
 NPLs in the Consumer loans secured by real estate portfolio decreased year-over-year primarily resulting from the continued run-off of the portfolio. Non-performing Consumer loans secured by real estate in foreclosure were 63.3 million or 50.2 of non-performing consumer loans secured by real estate at September 30, 2024, compared to 67.1 million, or 48.3 , at December 31, 2023. 
 
 Consumer Loans Not Secured by Real Estate 
 
 RICs 
 
 RICs are classified as non-performing when they are more than 60 DPD (i.e., 61 or more DPD) with respect to principal or interest. Except for loans accounted for using the FVO, at the time a loan is placed on non-performing status, previously accrued and uncollected interest is reversed against interest income. When an account is 60 days or less past due, it is returned to performing status and the Company returns to accruing interest on the loan. NPLs in the RIC and auto loan portfolio decreased by 46.2 million from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024. Non-performing RICs and auto loans accounted for 4.8 and 5.0 of total RICs and auto loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 97 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Personal unsecured loans 
 
 The accrual of interest on revolving personal loans continues until the loan is charged off. Credit cards are charged off when they are 180 days delinquent or within 60 days after the receipt of notification of the cardholder s death or bankruptcy. NPLs in the personal unsecured portfolio decreased by 18.7 million from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024. Non-performing personal unsecured loans accounted for 0.1 and 0.5 of total personal unsecured loans at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 

Delinquencies 
 
 Early stage delinquency in commercial loans totaled approximately 274.7 million and 201.2 million at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Early stage delinquency consumer loans amounted to 5.5 billion and 5.6 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. Management has included these loans in its evaluation of the Company's ACL and reserved for them during the respective periods. 
 
 The Company generally considers an account delinquent when an obligor fails to pay substantially all (defined as 90 of the scheduled payment by the due date. Overall, total delinquencies increased by 16.6 million from December 31, 2023 to September 30, 2024. The main driver of this is the increase in past due CRE and Multifamily loans due to portfolio deterioration and rating downgrades, partially offset by a decrease in past due auto loans due to seasonal improvement in payment performance. 

Loan Modifications 
 
 Loan modifications occur when a borrower is experiencing financial difficulties and the loan is modified with terms that would otherwise not be granted to the borrower. In these cases, the Company agrees to make certain concessions to both meet the needs of customers and maximize its ultimate recovery on the loans. The types of concessions granted are generally interest rate reductions, limitations on accrued interest charged, term extensions, covenant waivers and deferments of principal. 
 
 Modified loans are generally placed on nonaccrual status upon modification, unless the loan was performing immediately prior to modification. For most portfolios, modified loans may return to accrual status after a sustained period of repayment performance, as long as the Company believes the principal and interest of the restructured loan will be paid in full. RIC modifications are placed on nonaccrual status when the Company believes repayment under the revised terms is not reasonably assured and, at the latest, when the account becomes more than 60 DPD. RIC modifications are considered for return to accrual when the account becomes 60 days or less past due. To the extent the modified loan is determined to be collateral-dependent, and the source of repayment depends on the operation of the collateral, the loan may be returned to accrual status based on the foregoing parameters. To the extent the modified loan is determined to be collateral-dependent, and the source of repayment depends on disposal of the collateral, the loan may not be returned to accrual status. 
 
 The Company evaluates the results of its deferral strategies based upon the amount of cash installments that are collected on accounts after they have been deferred compared to the extent to which the collateral underlying the deferred accounts has depreciated over the same period of time. Based on this evaluation, the Company believes that payment deferrals granted according to its policies and guidelines are an effective portfolio management technique and result in higher ultimate cash collections from the portfolio. 
 
 Changes in deferral levels do not have a direct impact on the ultimate amount of consumer finance receivables charged-off. However, the timing of a charge-off may be affected if the previously deferred account ultimately results in a charge-off. To the extent deferrals impact the ultimate timing of when an account is charged-off, historical charge-off ratios, and cash flow forecasts used in the determination of the adequacy of the ALLL for loans classified as modified are also impacted. Increased use of deferrals may result in a lengthening of the loss confirmation period, which would increase expectations of credit losses inherent in the portfolio and therefore increase the ALLL and related credit loss expense. Changes in these ratios and periods are considered in determining the appropriate level of the ALLL and related credit loss expense. 

98 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Effective January 1, 2023, the Company adopted ASU 2022-02. This guidance removes the specific accounting and disclosure guidance for TDR designations and enhances disclosure requirements related to modifications of receivables made to borrowers experiencing financial difficulty. The Company adopted the new guidance on January 1, 2023 on a modified retrospective basis with a cumulative effect adjustment to retained earnings. The effect of this implementation was an increase in the ACL of approximately 55.2 million, a decrease in retained earnings of approximately 41.4 million and a decrease in deferred tax liabilities of approximately 13.8 million. Refer to Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information on modified loans. 
 
 During the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company provided loan modifications to customers with an amortized cost basis at September 30, 2024 of 799.6 million and 1.5 billion, respectively, compared to 539.9 million and 1.2 billion for the corresponding periods in 2023. Loan modifications primarily consist of payment deferrals in the RIC and auto loan portfolio. The increase in payment deferrals in the RIC and auto loan portfolio during the three months and nine months ended September 30, 2024 compared to the corresponding periods in 2023 was primarily driven by increased demand for payment deferrals, higher loan balances and the use of payment deferrals in place of other loan modification programs. 

CREDIT RISK 
 
 The risk inherent in the Company s loan and lease portfolios is driven by credit and collateral quality and is affected by borrower-specific and economy-wide factors such as changes in unemployment, GDP, HPI, CRE price index, used vehicle index, and other factors. In general, there is an inverse relationship between credit quality of transactions and projections of impairment losses so that transactions with better credit quality require a lower expected loss. The Company manages this risk through its underwriting, pricing and credit approval guidelines and servicing policies and practices, as well as geographic and other concentration limits. 
 The Company's ACL is principally based on various models subject to the Company's Model Risk Management Framework. New models are approved by the Company's Model Risk Management Committee. Models, inputs and documentation are further reviewed and validated at least annually, and the Company completes a detailed variance analysis of historical model projections against actual observed results on a quarterly basis. Required actions resulting from the Company's analysis, if necessary, are governed by its ACL Committee. 
 
 To the extent permitted by applicable law, management uses the qualitative framework to exercise judgment about matters that are inherently uncertain and that are not considered by the quantitative framework. These adjustments are documented and reviewed through the Company s risk management processes. Furthermore, management reviews, updates, and validates its process and loss assumptions on a periodic basis. This process involves an analysis of data integrity, review of loss and credit trends, a retrospective evaluation of actual loss information to loss forecasts, and other analyses. 
 
 ACL levels are collectively reviewed for adequacy and approved quarterly. Required actions resulting from the Company's analysis, if necessary, are governed by its ACL Committee. The ACL levels are approved by the Board-level committees quarterly. 
 
 ACL 
 
 The Company's ACL was 6.6 billion at September 30, 2024, a decrease of 385.0 million from December 31, 2023. The decrease in the ACL was primarily driven by improvement in the macroeconomic outlook for certain macro variables, seasonally expected lower delinquencies in RICs and auto loans, sale of certain personal unsecured loans and off-balance sheet securitizations of RICs and auto loans and lower exposure in personal unsecured loans. The ACL for the consumer segment decreased by 345.3 million, and the ACL for the commercial segment decreased 39.7 million for the period ended September 30, 2024 compared to the period ended December 31, 2023. Refer to the rollforward of the ACL in Note 3 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Reserve for Unfunded Lending Commitments 
 
 The reserve for unfunded lending commitments decreased from 60.8 million at December 31, 2023 to 46.4 million at September 30, 2024. 
 99 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

INVESTMENT SECURITIES 
 
 The following table presents the Company's investment portfolio at the dates indicated: 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Investment securities AFS: U.S. Treasury securities and government agencies 3,193,561 3,336,467 FNMA and FHLMC securities 1,929,231 2,038,307 Beneficial Interest in Structured LLC 
 1,205,775 1,122,510 Other securities (1) 
 633,953 542,253 Total investment securities AFS 6,962,520 7,039,537 Investment securities HTM: U.S. government agencies 7,930,634 7,625,337 FNMA and FHLMC securities 1,623,951 1,414,367 Total investment securities HTM 9,554,585 9,039,704 Trading securities 11,302,684 7,967,875 Other investments 1,344,079 1,353,278 Total investment portfolio 29,163,868 25,400,394 
 (1) Other securities primarily include corporate debt securities and ABS. 

The Company s AFS investment strategy is to purchase liquid fixed-rate and floating-rate investments to manage the Company's liquidity position and interest rate risk adequately. The Company's AFS investment portfolio consisted of the following at the dates indicated: 
 
 September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change Percent (in thousands) Fair Value Fair Value U.S. Treasury securities 14,653 25,409 (10,756) (42.3) Corporate debt securities 1,203 31,590 (30,387) (96.2) ABS 632,750 510,663 122,087 23.9 Beneficial Interest in Structured LLC 
 1,205,775 1,122,510 83,265 7.4 MBS (1) : 
 GNMA - Residential 2,671,307 2,792,844 (121,537) (4.4) GNMA - Commercial 507,601 518,214 (10,613) (2.0) FHLMC and FNMA - Residential 1,841,022 1,949,419 (108,397) (5.6) FHLMC and FNMA - Commercial 88,209 88,888 (679) (0.8) Total investments in debt securities AFS 6,962,520 7,039,537 (77,017) (1.1) 
 (1) The Company s MBS are either guaranteed as to principal and interest by the issuer or have ratings of AAA by S P and Moody s at the date of issuance. 

The unrealized gain / (loss) position of the AFS investment portfolio 
 
 (in thousands) September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Change in unrealized gain/(loss) Percent Total unrealized loss (751,763) (886,414) 134,651 (15.2) Total unrealized gain 107,360 61 107,299 175900.0 Total unrealized gain/(loss) position (644,403) (886,353) 241,950 (27.3) 
 
 The change in unrealized gains is primarily related to the Beneficial Interest in Structured LLC. 

100 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

The average life of the AFS investment portfolio (excluding certain ABS) at September 30, 2024 was approximately 7.28 years. The average effective duration of the Company's AFS investment portfolio (excluding certain ABS) at September 30, 2024 was approximately 4.69 years. The actual maturities of MBS AFS will differ from contractual maturities because borrowers have the right to prepay obligations without prepayment penalties. 
 
 HTM securities are reported at cost and adjusted for amortization of premium and accretion of discount. The Company had 386 investment securities classified as HTM as of September 30, 2024. The following table presents the securities of single issuers (other than obligations of the United States and its political subdivisions, agencies, and corporations) having an aggregate book value in excess of 10 of the Company's stockholder's equity that were held by the Company at September 30, 2024: 
 September 30, 2024 (in thousands) Amortized Cost Fair Value FNMA 1,759,919 1,579,606 FHLMC 2,127,635 1,889,819 GNMA (1) 
 11,482,025 9,771,928 Total 15,369,579 13,241,353 
 (1) Includes U.S. government agency MBS. 

GOODWILL 
 
 At September 30, 2024, goodwill totaled 2.8 billion and represented 1.6 of total assets and 16.8 of total stockholder's equity. The Company conducted its most recent annual goodwill impairment tests as of October 1, 2023 using generally accepted valuation methods and noted no impairment. 

The Company completes a quarterly review for impairment indicators over each of its reporting units, which includes consideration of economic and organizational factors that could impact the fair value of the Company's reporting units. As of the most recent review completed at the end of the third quarter of 2024, the Company did not identify any indicators which resulted in the Company's conclusion that an interim impairment test would be required to be completed. 

DEFERRED TAXES AND OTHER TAX ACTIVITY 
 
 The Company had a net deferred tax asset balance of 332.0 million at September 30, 2024 (consisting of a federal deferred tax asset balance of 151.3 million and a state deferred tax asset balance of 180.7 million with respect to jurisdictional netting), compared to a net deferred tax asset balance of 150.1 million at December 31, 2023 (consisting of a state deferred tax asset balance of 234.3 million and a federal deferred tax liability balance of 84.2 million). Refer to Note 15 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for further discussion of the change in deferred tax balances. 

101 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

DEPOSITS 
 
 The Company reported deposits of 77.5 billion and 77.1 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, SBNA had 76.5 billion of U.S.-based deposits, including 4.6 billion of deposits from SHUSA affiliates that eliminate in consolidation. Uninsured U.S.-based deposits were 29.3 billion and 26.3 billion at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively, and represented approximately 38 and 35 of all U.S. deposits at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023, respectively. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, SBNA began participating in a network that offers FDIC deposit placement services. This network spreads a customer's large deposit account among interconnected banks to increase the FDIC insurance coverage for that customer and to help the Bank retain the customer and the relationship. 
 
 SBNA attracts deposits primarily through its retail branch network located within the Mid-Atlantic and Northeastern areas of the United States, located throughout Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, and Delaware, with two locations outside this region in Florida. Many of these deposit customers have more than one bank product including small business loans, middle market, large and global commercial loans, multi-family loans, and auto and other consumer loans. In addition, SBNA obtains deposits through third-party brokerage firms. 
 
 The following shows the Company's deposits by business as of September 30, 2024: 
 
 Consumer (1) 
 Commercial (2) 
 CIB Wealth Management Other and eliminations (3) 
 Total (dollars in thousands) Balance Interest-bearing demand deposits 39,015,321 10,048,506 4,604,612 3,133,298 6,123,797 62,925,534 Non-interest-bearing demand deposits 8,620,808 3,350,708 96,784 2,508,889 41,744 14,618,933 Total deposits (1) 
 47,636,129 13,399,214 4,701,396 5,642,187 6,165,541 77,544,467 
 (1) Consumer consists of deposits related to the Company's Auto and CBB reportable segments. 
 (2) Commercial consists of deposits related to the Company's C I and CRE reportable segments. 
 (3) Other consists of deposits related to certain of the Company's immaterial subsidiaries and corporate treasury deposits. 
 
 During the third quarter of 2024, deposits remained stable across our commercial businesses with changes to overall deposit balances being primarily driven by increases in strategic deposits in CIB and wealth management, offset by decreases in consumer and other businesses. 

102 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

BANK REGULATORY CAPITAL 
 
 The Company s capital priorities are to support client growth and business investment while maintaining appropriate capital for a range of macroeconomic outcomes. 
 
 The Company is subject to the regulations of certain federal, state, and foreign agencies and undergoes periodic examinations by those regulatory authorities. At September 30, 2024 and 2023, based on SBNA s capital calculations, SBNA was considered well-capitalized under the applicable capital framework. In addition, the Company's capital levels as of September 30, 2024 and 2023, based on the Company s capital calculations, exceeded the required capital ratios for BHCs. 
 
 For a discussion of U.S. Basel III, including the standardized approach and related anticipated future changes to the minimum U.S. regulatory capital ratios, see the section captioned "Regulatory Matters" in this MD A. 
 
 Federal banking laws, regulations and policies also limit SBNA s ability to pay dividends and make other distributions to the Company. SBNA must obtain prior OCC approval to declare a dividend or make any other capital distribution if, after such dividend or distribution: (1) the Bank's total distributions to SHUSA within that calendar year would exceed 100 of its net income during the year plus retained net income for the prior two years, (2) the Bank would not meet capital levels imposed by the OCC in connection with any order, (3) the Bank has negative retained earnings, or (4) the Bank is not adequately capitalized at the time. The OCC's prior approval would also be required if SBNA were notified by the OCC that it is a problem institution or in troubled condition. 
 
 Any dividend declared and paid or return of capital has the effect of reducing capital ratios. Refer to the section captioned "Liquidity and Capital Resources" in this MD A for discussion of the Company's dividends. 
 
 The following schedule summarizes the actual capital ratios of SHUSA and SBNA at September 30, 2024: 
 SHUSA September 30, 2024 Well-capitalized Requirement Minimum Requirement CET1 capital ratio 12.72 6.50 4.50 Tier 1 capital ratio 14.57 8.00 6.00 Total capital ratio 16.67 10.00 8.00 Leverage ratio 9.78 5.00 4.00 
 
 SBNA September 30, 2024 Well-capitalized Requirement Minimum Requirement CET1 capital ratio 16.91 6.50 4.50 Tier 1 capital ratio 16.91 8.00 6.00 Total capital ratio 18.17 10.00 8.00 Leverage ratio 11.96 5.00 4.00 

The Company utilizes fair value hedging strategies to mitigate the risk of unrealized losses in its investments in debt securities AFS. As of December 31, 2023, the Company had 6.7 billion of notional in fair value hedges which decreased to 5.9 billion at September 30, 2024. Refer to the notional and fair value of these hedging instruments in Note 12 to these Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 

103 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 
 Overall 
 
 The Company continues to maintain strong liquidity. Liquidity represents the ability of the Company to obtain cost-effective funding to meet the needs of customers as well as the Company's financial obligations. Factors that impact the liquidity position of the Company include loan origination volumes, loan prepayment rates, the maturity structure of existing loans, core deposit growth levels, CD maturity structure and retention, the Company's credit ratings, investment portfolio cash flows, the maturity structure of the Company's wholesale funding, and other factors. These risks are monitored and managed centrally. The Company's Asset/Liability Committee reviews and approves the Company's liquidity policy and guidelines on a regular basis. This process includes reviewing all available wholesale liquidity sources. The Company also forecasts future liquidity needs and develops strategies to ensure adequate liquidity is available at all times. SHUSA conducts monthly liquidity stress test analyses to manage its liquidity under a variety of scenarios, all of which demonstrate that the Company has ample liquidity to meet its short-term and long-term cash requirements. 
 
 Enhanced Monitoring of Liquidity 
 
 In addition to its normal monitoring of liquidity, SBNA enhanced monitoring of its liquidity position since the recent financial system market disruption that began in March 2023 and the ensuing market volatility. Additionally, SBNA continues to optimize contingent sources of liquidity. Some of these actions include the pledge of additional loans to the FRB discount window, and the transfer of loans from the discount window to the FHLB in order to receive more favorable discounts. Overall, the available capacity from the FRB and FHLB remained stable throughout and since 2023. 
 
 Impact of Changes to Credit Rating on Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 Changes to the credit ratings of SHUSA, Santander and its affiliates or the Kingdom of Spain could have a material adverse effect on SHUSA's business, including its liquidity and capital resources. The credit ratings of SHUSA have changed in the past and may change in the future, which could impact its cost of and access to sources of financing and liquidity. Any reductions in the long-term or short-term credit ratings of SHUSA would increase its borrowing costs and require it to replace funding lost due to the downgrade, which may include the loss of customer deposits, limit its access to capital and money markets and trigger additional collateral requirements in derivatives contracts and other secured funding arrangements. See further discussion on the impacts of credit ratings actions in the "Economic and Business Environment" section of this MD A. 
 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 
 The Company has several sources of funding to meet liquidity requirements, including the core deposit base, liquid investment securities portfolio, ability to acquire large deposits, FHLB borrowings, wholesale deposit purchases, and federal funds purchased, as well as through securitizations in the ABS market and committed credit lines from third-party banks and Santander. In addition, the Company has other sources of funding to meet its liquidity requirements such as dividends and returns of investments from its subsidiaries, short-term investments held by non-bank affiliates, and access to the capital markets. 
 
 The specialized consumer financing of RICs requires a significant amount of liquidity to originate and acquire loans and leases and to service debt. The Company funds these operations through its lending relationships with third-party banks, Santander and affiliates, and through securitizations in the ABS market. The Company seeks to issue debt that appropriately matches the cash flows of the assets that it originates. The Company uses liquidity for debt service and repayment of borrowings, as well as for funding loan commitments. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company's subsidiaries completed on-balance and off-balance sheet funding transactions totaling approximately 14.0 billion, including CLNs of: 
 
 securitizations on SC's SDART platform for approximately 5.9 billion 
 securitizations on SC's DRIVE platform for approximately 2.4 billion 
 lease securitizations on SBNA's SBALT platform for approximately 4.0 billion 
 issuance of retained bonds for approximately 0.5 billion 
 issuance of CLNs for approximately 0.2 billion 
 off-balance sheet securitizations on SBNA's SBAT platform for approximately 1.0 billion 
 
 104 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Santander provides a liquidity line to SHUSA for the purpose of supporting additional liquidity for SHUSA and its subsidiaries CIB business activities. At September 30, 2024, SHUSA had 4.0 billion in available liquidity on the line, of which it had drawn zero. 
 
 Intercompany Borrowings with SHUSA Affiliates 
 
 SHUSA provides notes payable and revolving loans and lines to its subsidiaries as needed for the purpose of providing additional liquidity to support business operations at the subsidiary level. 
 
 Available Liquidity 
 
 As of the periods indicated, the Company and its subsidiaries had the following available liquidity: 
 
 September 30, 2024 June 30, 2024 Total Capacity Used Available Total Capacity Used Available Cash on deposit at FRB 13,290,976 10,236,609 Liquidity from released government deposit collateral (1) 
 2,819,609 2,819,609 2,881,548 2,881,548 Liquidity from unencumbered securities 2,541,268 2,541,268 1,968,218 1,968,218 FHLB 16,490,977 2,283,823 14,207,154 16,717,010 2,817,855 13,899,155 FRB: Discount window 12,819,626 12,819,626 12,339,060 12,339,060 Total available liquidity 45,678,633 41,324,590 
 (1) Includes high quality liquid assets that are encumbered as collateral for uninsured government deposits. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, unencumbered highly liquid assets (cash and cash equivalents and investments in debt securities AFS exclusive of securities pledged as collateral) totaled approximately 25.7 billion. This amount represented 33.1 of total deposits at September 30, 2024. 

105 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 Nine months ended September 30, 
 YTD Change (in thousands) 2024 2023 Increase/(Decrease) Net cash flows from operating activities (1,273,402) 409,564 (1,682,966) Net cash flows from investing activities 1,741,095 1,975,456 (234,361) Net cash flows from financing activities 2,673,420 (2,837,379) 5,510,799 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 
 
 Net cash flow from operating activities decreased by 1.7 billion from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily due to the change in net trading activity and an increase in originations and purchases of LHFS, offset by an increase in proceeds from the sales of and collections on LHFS during the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities 
 
 Net cash flow from investing activities decreased by 234.4 million from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily driven by the net change in Securities Financing Activities and an increase in purchases of HTM investment securities, offset by an increase in proceeds from sales of LHFI. 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities 
 
 Net cash flow from financing activities increased by 5.5 billion from the nine months ended September 30, 2023 to the nine months ended September 30, 2024, primarily driven by the net change in borrowings activity, an increase in deposits activity, and net change in Securities Financing Activities. 
 
 See the SCF for further details on the Company's sources and uses of cash. 
 
 Credit Facilities 
 
 Third-Party Revolving Credit Facilities 
 
 Warehouse Lines 
 
 The Company's subsidiaries have a credit facility with several banks providing an aggregate commitment of 2.2 billion for the exclusive use of providing short-term liquidity needs to support preferred auto lessor financing. As of September 30, 2024, there was an outstanding balance of 861.2 million on this facility. The facility requires reduced advance rates in the event of delinquency, credit loss, or residual loss ratios, as well as other metrics exceeding specified thresholds. 
 
 In addition, the Company's subsidiaries have credit facilities with several banks providing an aggregate commitment of 5.1 billion for the exclusive use of providing short-term liquidity to support core and preferred auto lender financing. As of September 30, 2024, there was an outstanding balance of 1.9 billion on these facilities in the aggregate. These facilities reduced advance rates in the event of delinquency, credit loss, as well as various other metrics exceeding specific thresholds. 
 
 Securities Financing Activities 
 
 The Company may enter into Securities Financing Activities primarily to deploy the Company s excess cash and investment positions. Securities Financing Activities are treated as collateralized financings and are included in "Federal funds sold and securities purchased under resale agreements or similar arrangements" an d "Federal funds purchased and securities loaned or sold under repurchase agreements" on the Company s Condensed Consolidated Balance Sheets . Refer to Note 11 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information about the Company's Securities Financing Activities. 

106 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Secured Structured Financings 
 
 The Company's subsidiaries' secured structured financings primarily consist of public, SEC-registered securitizations, as well as private securitizations under Rule 144A of the Securities Act, and privately issued amortizing notes. As of September 30, 2024, there were on-balance sheet securitizations outstanding in the market with a cumulative balance of approximately 23.0 billion. 
 
 Deficiency and Debt Forward Flow Agreement 
 
 In addition to SC's credit facilities and secured structured financings, SC has a flow agreement in place with a third party for charged-off assets. Loans and leases sold under these flow agreements are not on SC's balance sheet. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Financing 
 
 SC agreed to provide SBNA with origination support services in connection with the processing, underwriting, and purchasing of retail loans and leases, all of which are serviced by SC. These loans and leases are on the balance sheet of SBNA. 
 
 Uses of Liquidity 
 
 The Company uses liquidity for debt service and repayment of borrowings. In addition, our subsidiaries use liquidity for funding loan commitments, satisfying deposit withdrawal requests, supporting underwriting transactions and meeting customer liquidity requirements. 
 
 At September 30, 2024, the Company's liquidity to meet debt payments, debt service and debt maturities was in excess of 12 months. 
 
 Contractual Obligations and Other Commitments 
 
 The Company enters into contractual obligations in the normal course of business as a source of funds for its asset growth and asset/liability management and to meet required capital needs. These obligations require the Company to make cash payments over time. 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had total contractual cash obligations of 91.7 billion, which included FHLB advances, notes payable, other debt obligations, CDs, repurchase agreements, non-qualified pension and post-retirement benefits, and operating leases. Of this amount, approximately 54.6 billion of the total contractual cash obligations is due within one year. In addition, the Company had other commitments of 25.9 billion, which consisted of commitments to extend credit and letters of credit. Of this amount, approximately 7.4 billion of the other commitments is due within one year. 
 
 The Company is a party to financial instruments and other arrangements with off-balance sheet risk in the normal course of business to meet the financing needs of its customers and manage its exposure to fluctuations in interest rates. See further discussion on these risks in Note 12 and Note 16 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Dividends, Contributions and Stock Issuances 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company had 530,391,043 shares of common stock outstanding. 
 
 During the nine months ended September 30, 2024, the Company paid dividends of 250.0 million on its common stock and 132.8 million on its preferred stock. 
 107 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

ASSET AND LIABILITY MANAGEMENT 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Interest rate risk arises primarily through the Company s traditional business activities of extending loans and accepting deposits. Many factors, including economic and financial conditions, movements in market interest rates, and consumer preferences, affect the spread between interest earned on assets and interest paid on liabilities. Interest rate risk is managed by the Company's Treasury group and measured by its Market Risk Department, with oversight by the Asset/Liability Committee. In managing interest rate risk, the Company seeks to minimize the variability of net interest income across various likely scenarios, while at the same time maximizing net interest income and the net interest margin. To achieve these objectives, the Treasury group works closely with each business line in the Company. The Treasury group also uses various other tools to manage interest rate risk, including wholesale funding maturity targeting, investment portfolio purchase strategies, asset securitizations/sales, and financial derivatives. 
 
 Interest rate risk focuses on managing four elements of risk associated with interest rates: basis risk, repricing risk, yield curve risk and option risk. Basis risk stems from rate index timing differences with rate changes, such as differences in the extent of changes in Federal funds rates compared with the three-month term SOFR. Repricing risk stems from the different timing of contractual repricing, such as one-month versus three-month reset dates, as well as the related maturities. Yield curve risk stems from the impact on earnings and market value resulting from different shapes and levels of yield curves. Option risk stems from prepayment or early withdrawal risk embedded in various products. These four elements of risk are analyzed through a combination of net interest income and balance sheet valuation simulations, shocks to those simulations, and scenario and market value analyses, and the subsequent results are reviewed by management. Several assumptions and models are used to produce these analyses, including assumptions about new business volumes, loan and investment prepayment rates, deposit flows, interest rate curves, economic conditions, and competitor pricing. Certain models use historical data analyses to estimate future customer behavior, such as deposit re-pricing and attrition. Estimates from these models can differ from actual behavior, depending on various factors such as macroeconomic conditions, competitor response, etc. 
 108 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Net Interest Income Simulation Analysis 
 
 The Company utilizes a variety of measurement techniques to evaluate the impact of interest rate risk, including simulating the impact of changing interest rates on expected future interest income and interest expense, to estimate the Company's net interest income sensitivity. This simulation is run monthly and includes various scenarios that help management understand the potential risks in the Company's net interest income sensitivity. These various scenarios include parallel, non-parallel, gradual parallel and gradual non-parallel rate shocks applied relative to the implied market-based forward curve, as well as other scenarios that are consistent with quantifying the four measures of risk described above. The shocks below are extended using the parallel scenario and are applied instantaneously to the implied forward curve as of the stated month-end. The 200 basis point down shock has been added as market rates have increased. This set of shocks represents a range of plausible rate shocks, as an instantaneous shock 200 basis points down can be analogous to a gradual ramp-down of 400 basis points over one year. This information is used to develop proactive strategies to ensure that the Company s risk position remains within SHUSA Board of Directors-approved limits so that future earnings are not significantly adversely affected by future interest rates. 
 
 The table below reflects the estimated sensitivity to the Company s net interest income based on interest rate changes at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023: 
 The following estimated percentage increase/(decrease) to net interest income would result If interest rates changed in parallel by the amounts below September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Down 200 basis points (5.84) (4.14) Down 100 basis points (2.77) (1.94) Up 100 basis points 2.55 1.82 Up 200 basis points 5.01 3.63 
 
 MVE Analysis 
 
 The Company also evaluates the impact of interest rate risk by utilizing MVE modeling. This analysis measures the present value of all estimated future cash flows of the Company over the estimated remaining life of the balance sheet. MVE is calculated as the difference between the market value of assets and liabilities. The MVE calculation utilizes only the current balance sheet, and therefore does not factor in any future changes in balance sheet size, balance sheet mix, yield curve relationships or product spreads, which may mitigate the impact of any interest rate changes. 
 
 Management examines the effect of interest rate changes on MVE. The sensitivity of MVE to changes in interest rates is a measure of longer-term interest rate risk and highlights the potential capital at risk due to adverse changes in market interest rates. The following table discloses the estimated sensitivity to the Company s MVE at September 30, 2024 and December 31, 2023. 
 The following estimated percentage increase/(decrease) to MVE would result If interest rates changed in parallel by the amounts below September 30, 2024 December 31, 2023 Down 200 basis points 4.22 6.68 Down 100 basis points 3.14 4.05 Up 100 basis points (4.19) (4.49) Up 200 basis points (8.54) (8.76) 
 
 As of September 30, 2024, the Company s profile reflected an increase of MVE of 3.14 for downward parallel interest rate shocks of 100 basis points and a decrease of 4.19 for upward parallel interest rate shocks of 100 basis points. The asymmetrical sensitivity between a 100 basis point increase and a 100 basis point decrease is due to the negative convexity as a result of the prepayment option embedded in mortgage-related products, the impact of which is not fully offset by the behavior of the funding base (largely NMDs). 
 
 In downward parallel interest rate shocks, mortgage-related products prepayments increase, their duration decreases, and their market value appreciation is therefore limited. At the same time, with deposit rates remaining at comparatively low levels, the Company cannot effectively transfer interest rate declines to its NMD customers. For upward parallel interest rate shocks, extension risk weighs on a sizable portion of the Company s mortgage-related products, which are predominantly long-term and fixed-rate; and for larger shocks, the loss in market value is not offset by the change in NMDs. 
 
 109 

Item 2. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

Limitations of Interest Rate Risk Analyses 
 
 Since the assumptions used are inherently uncertain, the Company cannot predict precisely the effect of higher or lower interest rates on net interest income or MVE. Actual results will differ from simulated results due to the timing, magnitude and frequency of interest rate changes, the difference between actual experience and the assumed volume, characteristics of new business, behavior of existing positions, and changes in market conditions and management strategies, among other factors. 
 
 Uses of Derivatives to Manage Interest Rate and Other Risks 
 
 To mitigate interest rate risk and, to a lesser extent, foreign exchange, equity and credit risks, the Company uses derivative financial instruments to reduce the effects that changes in interest rates may have on net income, the fair value of assets and liabilities, and cash flows. 
 
 The Company is subject to price risk through its capital markets and mortgage banking activities. The Company employs various tools to measure and manage price risk in its portfolios. In addition, SHUSA's Board of Directors has established certain limits relative to positions and activities. The level of price risk exposure at any point in time depends on the market environment and expectations of future price and market movements and will vary from period to period. 
 
 Management uses derivative instruments to mitigate the impact of interest rate movements on the fair value of certain liabilities, assets and highly probable forecasted cash flows. These instruments primarily include interest rate swaps that have underlying interest rates based on key benchmark indices and forward sale or purchase commitments. The nature and volume of the derivative instruments used to manage interest rate risk depend on the level and type of assets and liabilities on the balance sheet and the risk management strategies for the current and anticipated interest rate environments. 
 
 The Company typically retains the servicing rights related to residential mortgage loans that are sold. The majority of the Company's residential MSRs are accounted for at fair value. As deemed appropriate, the Company economically hedges MSRs, using interest rate swaps and forward contracts to purchase MBS. For additional information on MSRs, see Note 13 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 The Company uses foreign exchange contracts to manage the foreign exchange risk associated with certain foreign currency-denominated assets and liabilities. Foreign exchange contracts, which include spot and forward contracts, represent agreements to exchange the currency of one country for the currency of another country at an agreed-upon price on an agreed-upon settlement date. Exposure to gains and losses on these contracts increase or decrease over their respective lives as currency exchange and interest rates fluctuate. The Company also utilizes forward contracts to manage market risk associated with certain expected investment securities sales. 
 
 For additional information on foreign exchange contracts, derivatives and hedging activities, see Note 12 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 110 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3 - QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 Incorporated by reference from Part I, Item 2, MD A "Asset and Liability Management" above. 

ITEM 4 - CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our CEO and CFO, has evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Rules 13a- 15(e) and 15d- 15(e) under the Exchange Act, as of September 30, 2024 (the "Evaluation Date"). Based on this evaluation, our CEO and CFO have concluded that as of the Evaluation Date, the Company s disclosure controls and procedures are effective to ensure that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our CEO and CFO, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 There were no changes in the Company s internal control over financial reporting identified in connection with the evaluation required by Rule 13a-15(d) and 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act that occurred during the quarter ended September 30, 2024 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

PART II. OTHER INFORMATION 

ITEM 1 - LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 Refer to Note 16 to the Condensed Consolidated Financial Statements for SHUSA s litigation disclosures, which are incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 1A - RISK FACTORS 
 
 The Company is subject to a number of risks potentially impacting its business, financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows. There have been no material changes from the risk factors set forth under Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors, in the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for 2023. 

ITEM 2 - UNREGISTERED SALES OF EQUITY SECURITIES AND USE OF PROCEEDS 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 3 - DEFAULTS UPON SENIOR SECURITIES 
 
 Not applicable. 

ITEM 4 - MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 None. 
 111 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 5 - OTHER INFORMATION 

Disclosure Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act 
 (Amounts presented as actuals) 
 
 Pursuant to Section 219 of the Iran Threat Reduction and Syria Human Rights Act of 2012, which added Section 13(r) to the Exchange Act, an issuer is required to disclose in its annual or quarterly reports, as applicable, whether it or any of its affiliates knowingly engaged in certain activities, transactions or dealings relating to Iran or with individuals or entities designated pursuant to certain Executive Orders. Disclosure is generally required even where the activities, transactions or dealings were conducted in compliance with applicable law. 
 
 The following activities are disclosed in response to Section 13(r) with respect to Santander and its affiliates. During the period covered by this report: 
 
 Santander UK holds ten blocked accounts for seven customers that are currently designated by the U.S. under the SDGT sanctions program. Revenues and profits generated by Santander UK on these accounts for the nine months ended September 30, 2024, were negligible relative to the overall profits of Santander. 
 
 Santander Consumer Finance, S.A. holds through its Belgian branch seven blocked correspondent accounts for an Iranian bank that is currently designated by the U.S. under the SDGT sanctions program. The accounts have been blocked since 2008. No revenues or profits were generated by the Belgian branch on these accounts in the nine months ended September 30, 2024. 
 
 Santander Brasil holds three blocked accounts for three customers with domicile in Brazil designated by the U.S. under the SDGT sanctions program. Revenues and profits generated by Santander Brasil on these accounts in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 were negligible relative to the overall profits of Santander. 
 
 Santander also has certain legacy performance guarantees for the benefit of an Iranian bank that is currently designated by the U.S. under the SDGT sanctions program (standby letters of credit to guarantee the obligations, either under tender documents or under contracting agreements, of contractors who participated in public bids in Iran) that were in place prior to April 27, 2007. 
 
 In the aggregate, all of the transactions described above resulted in gross revenues and net profits in the nine months ended September 30, 2024 which were negligible relative to the overall revenues and profits of Santander. Santander has undertaken significant steps to withdraw from the Iranian market such as closing its representative office in Iran and ceasing all banking activities therein, including correspondent relationships, deposit-taking from Iranian entities and issuing export letters of credit, except for the legacy transactions described above. Santander is not contractually permitted to cancel these arrangements without either (i) paying the guaranteed amount (in the case of the performance guarantees), or (ii) forfeiting the outstanding amounts due to it (in the case of the export credits). As such, Santander intends to continue to provide the guarantees and hold these assets in accordance with company policy and applicable laws. 
 
 112 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 6 - EXHIBITS 
 
 (3.1) Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Santander Holdings USA, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed December 21, 2022) (Commission File Number 001-16581) 
 (3.2) Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed June 15, 2023) (Commission File Number 001-16581) 
 (3.3) Articles of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Santander Holdings USA, Inc. s S-3ASR filed December 15, 2023) (Commission File Number 333-276089) 
 (3.4) Bylaws of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. as amended on May 23, 2019 (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed May 23, 2019) (Commission File Number 001-16581) 
 (4.1) Santander Holdings USA, Inc. has certain debt obligations outstanding. None of the instruments evidencing such debt authorizes an amount of securities in excess of 10 of the total assets of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. and its subsidiaries on a consolidated basis; therefore, copies of such instruments are not included as exhibits to this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q. Santander Holdings USA, Inc. agrees to furnish copies to the SEC on request. (31.1) Chief Executive Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith) 
 (31.2) Chief Financial Officer certification pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith) 
 (32.1) Chief Executive Officer certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith) 
 (32.2) Chief Financial Officer certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (Filed herewith) 
 (101.INS) Inline XBRL Instance Document (Filed herewith) (101.SCH) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema (Filed herewith) (101.CAL) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase (Filed herewith) (101.DEF) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase (Filed herewith) (101.LAB) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase (Filed herewith) (101.PRE) Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase (Filed herewith) 
 113 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 SANTANDER HOLDINGS USA, INC. (Registrant) Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ Juan Carlos Alvarez de Soto Juan Carlos Alvarez de Soto Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President Date: November 6, 2024 /s/ David L. Cornish David L. Cornish Chief Accounting Officer, Corporate Controller and Executive Vice President 

114 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 a10-q_3q24exhibit311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Timothy Wennes, President and Chief Executive Officer of Santander Holdings USA, Inc., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Timothy Wennes Name Timothy Wennes Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 November 6, 2024 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 a10-q_3q24exhibit312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULE 13a-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES 
 EXCHANGE ACT, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Juan Carlos Alvarez de Soto, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President of Santander Holdings USA, Inc., certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 s Juan Carlos Alvarez de Soto Name Juan Carlos Alvarez de Soto Title Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President 
 November 6, 2024 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 a10-q_3q24exhibit321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy Wennes, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all in material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Timothy Wennes Name Timothy Wennes Title President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 November 6, 2024 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 a10-q_3q24exhibit322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended September 30, 2024 of Santander Holdings USA, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Juan Carlos Alvarez de Soto, Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and 
 
 (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Juan Carlos Alvarez de Soto Name Juan Carlos Alvarez de Soto Title Chief Financial Officer and Senior Executive Vice President 
 
 November 6, 2024 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 sov-20240930.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 sov-20240930_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 sov-20240930_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 sov-20240930_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 sov-20240930_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

